===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-14 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the M&T Bank First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode further. And the floor will be open for your questions following the presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. And I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Wendelboe, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Wendelboe : Thank you, Margo, and good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read through the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules by going to our website at mtb.com. Once there, you can click on the Investor Relations link and then on the Events and Presentations link. Closed captioning has been provided for webcast participants. Also, before we start, I'd like to mention that today's presentation may contain forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information are included in today's earnings release materials and in the investor presentation, as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. The presentation also includes non-GAAP financial measures as identified in the earnings release and investor presentation. The appropriate reconciliations to GAAP are included in the appendix. Joining me on the call today is M&T's Senior Executive Vice President and CFO, Daryl Bible. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Daryl.
Daryl Bible: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. First, I will begin with our purpose on Slide 3. Our purpose is to make a difference in people's lives. We are committed to serving not only our customers, but also supporting communities where we live and work, inspiring our 22,000 employees and delivering for our shareholders. In Rene's annual shareholder letter, he notes that our – that we operate in an environment in which change is the only constant. In these uncertain times, M&T starts from a position of strength with a strong liquidity, capital levels and capital generation. This position of strength reflects our consistent adherence to the fundamentals of liquidity management, capital allocation and transparency. The strength of this operating model allows M&T to continue to perform through the peaks and valleys of the macroeconomic cycles and support our customers and communities in the moments that matter most. As highlighted on Slide 4, we continue to receive notable recognition, including 13 Greenwich Coalition awards for our small business and middle market segments. And we were included in Fortune's most admired and most innovative company list. Turning to Slide 6, which shows the results for the first quarter. Our first quarter results represent a strong start to the year with several successes to highlight. Net interest margin increased 8 basis points, reflecting our efficient balance sheet and the strength of our deposit franchise. We executed $662 million in share repurchases, as we continue toward an 11% CET1 ratio in 2025, while also growing tangible book value per share by 2%. Fee income grew 5% since the first quarter of 24% or 10% if you exclude last year's BOG distribution. Asset quality continued to improve with $516 million reduction in commercial criticized balances and a $150 million reduction in nonaccrual loans. Our net charge-offs of 34 basis points were below our full year expectations of 40 basis points. Now let's look at the specifics for the first quarter. Diluted GAAP earnings per share were $3.32, down from $3.86 in the prior quarter. Net income was $584 million compared to $681 million in the linked quarter. M&T's first quarter results produced an ROA and ROCE of 1.14% and 8.36%, respectively. Slide 7 includes supplemental reporting of M&T's results on a net operating or tangible basis, M&T's net operating income was $594 million compared to $691 million in the linked quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per share were $3.38 down from $3.92 in the prior quarter. Net operating income muted an ROTA and ROTCE of 1.21% and 12.53%. Next, let's look a little deeper into the underlying trends that generated our first quarter results. Please turn to Slide 8. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $1.71 billion, a decrease of $33 million or 2% from linked quarter. The lower NII was primarily driven by 2 fewer days and lower average returning assets, partially offset by favorable deposit costs. Net interest margin was 3.66%, an increase of 8 basis points from the prior quarter. The primary drivers of the increase in margin include continued securities growth and lower wholesale funding and time deposits and favorable deposit pricing with interest-bearing deposit cost declining 27 basis points. Turning to Slide 10 to talk about average loans. Average loans and leases decreased $0.9 million to $134.8 billion. Lower CRE balances were partially offset by the growth in C&I, consumer and residential mortgage. C&I loans grew 1% to [$61 billion] (ph), driven by continued strength in the corporate institutional and fund banking. CRE loans declined 6% to $26.3 billion, reflecting payoffs and paydowns and muted origination activity with increased market competition. Residential mortgage loans were relatively unchanged at $23.2 billion. Consumer loans grew 1% to $24.3 billion, reflecting increases in recreational finance and indirect auto loans. Loan yields decreased 11 basis points to 6.06%, as lower rates on variable loans and lower non-accrual interest was partially offset by fixed rate loan repricing and a smaller drag on our cash flow hedges. Turning to Slide 11. Our liquidity remains strong. At the end of the first quarter, investment securities and cash, including cash held at the Fed totaled $57.9 billion, representing 28% of total assets. Average investment securities increased $0.8 billion. The yield on the investment securities increased 12 basis points to 4%, as the yield for new purchases exceeded the yield on maturing securities. In the first quarter, we purchased $2.6 billion in debt securities at an average yield of 4.9%. The duration of the portfolio at the end of the quarter was 3.6 years, and the unrealized pretax loss on the available-for-sale portfolio was $8 million or less than 1 basis point CET1 drag if included in regulatory capital. Turning to Slide 12. Average total deposits declined $3.4 billion or 2% to $161.2 billion. A sequential decline included $0.7 billion decline in broker deposits, where the remainder of the decline was concentrated in commercial and business banking partially reflecting seasonal lower balances. Average noninterest-bearing deposits declined $1.1 billion to $45.4 billion. Excluding broker deposits, average noninterest-bearing deposit mix in the first quarter was relatively unchanged at 30.2%. Interest-bearing deposit costs decreased 27 basis points to 2.37%. We sold favorable deposit declines across business lines, higher level of broker and retail time deposit maturities in the quarter also contributed to the deposit cost decline. Continuing on Slide 13. Non-interest income was $611 million compared to $657 million in the linked quarter. We saw continued strength across fee income categories with increases in mortgage banking, service charges, trust and brokerage fee income. Recall that the fourth quarter included an $18 million net gain from the sale of noncore securities and a $23 million BLG distribution. Excluding these items from the prior quarter, non-interest income declined by $5 million sequentially. Mortgage banking revenues were $118 million compared to $117 million in the fourth quarter. Residential mortgage banking revenues increased $6 million sequentially to $82 million reflecting the partial quarter benefit from new subservicing. We expect to reach the full run rate on this subservicing in the second quarter. Commercial mortgage banking revenues decreased $5 million to $36 million, reflecting lower gains on the sale of commercial mortgage loans. Other revenues from operations decreased $34 million to $142 million mostly reflecting the fourth quarter $23 million BLG distribution. Turning to Slide 14. We continue to execute on our expense plans. Non-interest expenses were $1.42 billion, an increase of $52 million from the prior quarter. Last year's fourth quarter included $35 million in notable expenses related to the redemption of certain M&T Trust preferred obligations, expenses associated with corporate real estate optimization, partially offset by pension-related credit. Salary and benefits increased $97 million to $887 million, mostly reflecting $110 million of seasonally higher compensation expense related to stock-based compensation, payroll-related taxes and other employee benefit expenses. As usual, we expect those seasonal factors to decline significantly, as we enter the second quarter. Other cost of operations decreased $50 million to $118 million, primarily reflecting the previously mentioned fourth quarter notable items. The efficiency ratio was 60.5% compared to 56.8% in the linked quarter. Next, let's turn to Slide 15 for credit. Net charge-offs for the quarter totaled $114 million or 34 basis points decreasing from 47 basis points in the linked quarter. Charge-offs were relatively granular in the first quarter, with the five largest charges amounting to less than $30 million in total, representing both C&I and CRE credits. Nonaccrual loans decreased $150 million or 9% to $1.5 billion. The nonaccrual ratio decreased 11 basis points to 1.14% driven largely by payoffs, charge-offs and upgrades out of nonaccrual. In the fourth quarter, we reported a provision of $130 million compared to the net charge-offs of [$114 million] (ph). The allowance to loan ratio increased 2 basis points to 1.63%, reflecting growth in certain consumer loan portfolios, as well as a modest deterioration in the macroeconomic forecast. The increase was not related to changes in the underlying credit performance, which is mostly in-line with expectations. Please turn to Slide 16. We estimate that the level of criticized loans will be $9.4 billion compared to $9.9 billion at the end of December. The improvement from the linked quarter was driven by $667 million decline and CRE criticized balances, partially offset by a $150 million increase in C&I. Within C&I, the increase in criticized was concentrated in a motor vehicle and recreational finance dealers. The CRE criticized decline was primarily within multifamily, office, health care, construction and was driven by payoffs, paydowns and upgrades to past status. Improved leasing, occupancy and cash flows and healthcare and multifamily helped drive the improvement in the CRE criticized. Turning to Slide 19 for capital. M&T CET1 ratio at the end of the first quarter was an estimated 11.5% compared to 11.68% at the end of the fourth quarter. The decline in the CET1 ratio reflects increased capital distributions, including $662 million in share repurchases, partially offset by continued strong capital generation. AOCI impact on the CET1 ratio from available-for-sale securities and pension-related components combined would be approximately a positive 6 basis points is included in regulatory capital. Now turning to Slide 20 for the outlook. First, let's begin with the economic backdrop. The economic backdrop remains dynamic in light of the developments over the past several weeks. Recent economic data is mixed with strong job gains of moderating wage growth. Our recent readings show weakening business and consumer sentiment and easing inflation. The ultimate impact on tariffs on the broader economy remains unknown at this point. That uncertainty is reflected in recent equity market and rate volatility. We ended the first quarter well positioned for a dynamic economic environment of strong liquidity, strong capital generation and a CET1 ratio at 11.5%. With that economic backdrop, let us review our net interest income outlook. We expect taxable equivalent, net interest income to be $7.05 billion to $7.15 billion, with net interest margin increasing through the year and averaging in the mid-to-high [3.60s] (ph). We expect the full year average loan and lease balances to be $135 billion to $137 billion. The lower loan outlook reflects lower CRE balances with elevated payoffs and pay downs and muted originations. Full year average deposit balances are expected to be $162 billion to $164 billion. We remain focused on growing customer deposits at a reasonable cost, while also considering loan growth. Turning to fee income. We expect noninterest income to be at the high end of the $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion range. The environment remains dynamic. However, our diversified product set should help provide relative stability from our fee income businesses. Continuing with expenses, we anticipate total noninterest expense, including intangible amortization, to be $5.4 billion to $5.5 billion. Our business lines remain focused on closely managing their expenses, allowing the bank to continue to target investments in projects and business opportunities that support our enterprise priorities. Regarding credit, we continue to expect net charge-offs for the full year to be near 40 basis points. We also expect criticized loans to continue to decline in 2025. As it relates to capital, we expect the CET1 ratio to reach 11% in 2025 but we'll monitor the economic backdrop and adjust as needed. The level of share repurchases will vary with RWA growth. As shown on Slide 21, we remain committed to our four priorities, including growing our New England and Long Island markets, optimizing our resources through simplification, making our systems resilient and scalable and continuing to scale and develop our risk management capabilities. To conclude on Slide 22, our results underscore an optimistic investment thesis. M&T has always been a purpose-driven organization with a successful business model that benefits all stakeholders, including shareholders. We have a long track record of credit outperforming through all economic cycles, while growing within the markets we serve. We remain focused on shareholder returns and consistent dividend growth. Finally, we are a disciplined acquirer and prudent steward of our shareholder capital. Now let's open the call up to questions before which Margo will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Ken Houston with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Ken Houston: Hey. Good morning Daryl .So one question just on the NII. You mentioned that the environment has meaningfully changed. And we see a smaller balance sheet here, offset by a little bit better of a NIM output. Are you noticing anything in terms of the deposit flow activity, more specifically in terms of how much more mix shift you might expect and how much more you might be able to also continue to work down that higher cost liability side? Thanks.
Daryl Bible : Yes, Ken, we are definitely -- we did lower the guidance on deposits, but I think we feel pretty comfortable that we'll probably be at the higher end of the deposit range. So having really good growth of our businesses across the board, whether it's commercial, small business, consumer. Our ICS business kind of grows, as activity in the marketplace is growing. So I think where we feel pretty positive on the deposit growth. And we'll use those additional deposits if we don't have loan growth to either pay off higher liabilities in the marketplace that we have on the balance sheet cheaper funding or we'll put it at the Fed and just got more liquidity on hand, one or the other. But we feel good about on the deposit side.
Ken Houston: Okay. And second one on fees. The first quarter [indiscernible] or so, but you're still talking about the high end of 2.6. I noticed that -- I don't believe -- was there a Bayview distribution in the first quarter? Was that pushed? And can you just talk about the ramp that you get from here going forward and your confidence in getting towards that higher end on fees?
Daryl Bible : Yes. So you are right, Bayview, we did not get a distribution in the first quarter. We kind of took it out for the rest of the year. We may or may not get a distribution from Bayview. They're working on some things internally. So we will do. But if you look at all of our other businesses that we're having, [indiscernible] having really good growth across. I would expect our fee businesses to grow from where we are in the first quarter, I think significantly in the second, third and first quarters. We have a lot of momentum across all of our businesses. Our trust businesses are strong. If you look at ICS, they are doing really well and they are structured loan agency businesses and activity, also bringing in deposits activity. So that's really positive. Our service charges are actually performing really well right now. From a mortgage banking perspective, if rates come down, and then who knows which way the yield curve is going to go. But we are positioned to have really good mortgage revenues, both on the commercial and residential side from originations. You did see the increase in our numbers now this quarter from additional subservicing that couldn't have other opportunities for growth, potentially as that kind of continues to grow. [indiscernible] services are strong. So I think net-net, overall, I think we're pretty positive on our fees.
Ken Houston: Okay, thanks Daryl.
Daryl Bible: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ebrahim Poonawala : Hi, good morning Daryl.
Daryl Bible : Good morning.
Ebrahim Poonawala : Good morning. I guess, in your remarks, you mentioned tariff uncertainties were reflected in the stock markets and in interest rates. Just if you don't mind, talk to us about any anecdotal sort of feedback from your customers over the last week or two around tariffs? Are you seeing CapEx decisions being pulled back? Just would love any color there? And then how is that informing your outlook on C&I growth?
Daryl Bible : Yes. All that's fair. So I think if you look at it overall, you saw the sentiment numbers were both weak on the consumer and on the business side. If you start with the consumer, from just looking at our debit card activity, our spending patterns are still pretty much intact there. So I think we are pretty consistent. We are seeing and it could just be short lived, but in our indirect channels on the consumer side, a lot of loan volume coming in auto, marine and RV, maybe people rushing before higher prices. So -- but that's really good volume there. In the bottom 20% consumer has been struggling for the last several years, and we'll continue to probably continue to struggle. Business-wise, our customers actually really wanted to make a lot of investments. They want to do acquisitions. They are just really on pause right now. I think it's just lack of confidence. They don't know what the rules of the road are right now. Things keep changing in the DC. And until that settles out a little bit, I think they're going to be on hold until they come through. That said, we've been able to grow our C&I business. We grew nicely. If you look at it in our middle market space, we had good growth there. We had growth in fund banking, corporate institutional, our dealer commercial services grew. So we are growing really well in that space. It's really our CRE portfolio. It is really where the challenges are. And that's really a portfolio that's having us shrink and lower our loan guidance for the most part.
Ebrahim Poonawala : That's helpful. And I guess maybe the other thing on capital. You mentioned CET1 to 11% depending on RWA growth. Just give us -- how price sensitive you are? I mean I think the stock's come down a fair bit relative to where you repurchased during the first quarter. Like how quickly could we see if customers remain on pause, that M&T gets to 11%? Yes. And you mentioned also opportunistic buyer as regards to capital. Like are there any deals to be done and given just all the macro uncertainties right now? Thanks.
Daryl Bible : So with the volatility in the marketplace, I emphasized in the prepared remarks, we really do have strong capital and liquidity and our capital is the real capital. Our AOCI actually is a positive 6 basis points. So we feel good about that. We will monitor market conditions. We still plan to start our share repurchase back on Wednesday when we come out of blackout. And we are just monitoring if we see the economy go into a negative spend down, we might slow down or pause. But until we see that, right now the trends for the most part are pretty uneventful. And we'll just kind of playing as we go. I know it's not good guidance for you, but we got to kind of just have to see how things play out, but we're prepared to start with share repurchases on Wednesday and just monitor economic conditions.
Ebrahim Poonawala : Very good. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy : Hi Daryl.
Daryl Bible : Hi Gerard. How you doing?
Gerard Cassidy : Good thank you. Can you give us some color on your insights regarding the regulatory environment? We are reading a lot about the regulators look to ease up, if you will on some of the regulatory requirements. There's a lot of talk about the supplementary leverage ratio and the leverage ratio. But they seem to pertain to our biggest banks, the trillionaire banks. Are you seeing anything on the horizon that would be very beneficial to the regional banks like yourself from the regulatory stuff that you are hearing and seeing?
Daryl Bible : Yes, I just want to start with, it really doesn't matter to us who's actually in D.C. in the administration, Republican or Democrat. We perform and do well. If you look at our people's acquisition that was done under the Biden administration. So we can do business either way. From a regulatory perspective, I would tell you, the people that are getting in the seats tend to be much more focused on having our industry help grow the economy and really have an impact positively to it. You're seeing that with acting chair and the FDIC actually came out this past week, he actually is pulling back on some of the RRP stuff. We're in the first wave. So we actually had this stuff already prepared and completed. And we are pulling back on that. So that's a positive. But Head of Supervision, [Bowman] (ph) is really looking at tailoring. I think that's a really good positive for us. I think that would be good. OCC and CFPB are also, I think, very positive. So I think, generally there are more pro-business, we're trying to grow the economy. And you could see some tweaks around the Tier 1 leverage ratio, the SLR stress testing, Basel III, LCR, long-term debt, RRP. And hopefully, maybe they pulled back on all the regulatory reporting. We've produced thousands of reports to the government officials and I'm sure we can weed out some of that information as well. So -- but I think it is an opportunity-rich environment to actually make some improvements and be more efficient.
Gerard Cassidy : Very good. Thank you. And then a follow-up to your comment about loan growth and how the commercial real estate portfolio is making it more challenging. Can you dive into that a little further? Is it your choice to kind of continue to shrink it? Or is there just not -- your customers are paying off and you can't grow it. What's some of the color behind the challenges within the commercial real estate portfolio?
Daryl Bible : So what we've seen in the last quarter or two is that there's a lot more active lenders in this space. So you have a lot more people providing loan capital. And if you look at it, it's very competitive. So people are already being very aggressive on pricing and on structure. And at M&T, we're very disciplined in how we make loans and put things on our balance sheet. And we are doing our best to support our customers and all that. But at the end of the day, we aren't going to put loans on that aren't structured properly from that perspective. In the first quarter, and you look at the payoffs that we received, it was a much higher amount than what we expected. About half of them were known maturities that were coming through in the first quarter. Another 10% was just pulling forward maturities in later '25. But 40% was really pulling in maturities from '26 and beyond. And that's really where there's a lot of impact going on from that perspective. And given that – that increase, it's not all bad, we've been able to remix our portfolio. So we actually have a lot less office exposure, which is good. We're also reducing a lot of the smaller credits, less than $5 million. And we are actually growing areas that we want to grow like multifamily and industrial. So it's not all bad. I would say the pipeline is building, and we feel good that it will kind of level out over the next couple of quarters and start to grow, and we just continue to do that. I mean, at the end of the day, we'll have a smaller balance sheet and probably just repurchase back more stock.
Gerard Cassidy : And Daryl, just quickly on those maturities that were being pulled forward in '25 and '26 that were paid off. Was that due to that competition that you referenced?
Daryl Bible : Part of that was competition. Some of it was some of our REIT customers decided to prepay early and all that. It was mixed.
Gerard Cassidy : Okay, good. Thank you.
Operator: We'll next go to Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Matt O’Connor : Good morning. You guys added a little bit to the loan loss reserves, even though the loans were down and the credit metrics were better. Can you just talk about how you tweak your macro outlook to support the higher reserves?
Daryl Bible : Yes, we did tweak it just because of what's going on in the marketplace, Matt. I think that's correct. Our provision probably would have been close to 110, if we did not have the tweaks. But we just wanted to wait the lower -- we have three scenarios that the scenario that has the downward pressure. We just increased that proportionately more so that you have higher unemployment rates and you have lower GDP rates. We didn't have it go into a recession, but we had it close just above that, that 0.1% positive. So we're reflecting it. Obviously, if we do go into a recession, we'll probably would continue to add to the reserves appropriately as needed. But we just felt comfortable that, that was the right thing to do given everything that's going on and uncertainty in the marketplace.
Matt O’Connor : Okay. That's helpful. And then separately, maybe I missed it, but what are the interest rate assumptions that you have within your net interest income guide? And just remind us just sensitivity to rate changes on both the short and long run of the curve? Thank you.
Daryl Bible : Yes. So our ALCO team and treasury has been working hard because rates keep changing, the curve keeps changing. So it is a very dynamic environment for sure. What we have as our baseline with our forecast has four drops, the last one being in December, which isn't very significant. And we have the yield curve that we had on April 7, which is a relatively lower yield curve from that. The way I would look at it, there is a lot of puts and takes here. From a net interest margin perspective, just high level, if rates on the curve continue to flatten out, if they go down, that would be negative for margin. As we get more deposits like Ken asked earlier, that could be good for NII, but maybe lower for margin if we deploy that in our liquidity portfolio. For higher margin, I'd say, obviously, a steeper curve would be helpful. And if we can maybe start to grow our loan book, again on CRE starts to come online. I think that would be possible and all that. So there's a lot of puts and takes there. That said, overall, I feel really good with margin trajectory, mid-to-high [3.60s] (ph), I think overall profitability in the company is going to be really strong capital generation. So I think we feel really good and we can weather whatever the economy gives us, I think, very well.
Matt O’Connor : Okay. And then just to summarize that, though, like as we think about the net interest income dollars, are you asset sensitive? Are you relatively neutral? Again all things else being equal, but if rates are lower than you expect, has that impact the dollars? Just calling a parallel shift down to keep it simple. Thanks.
Daryl Bible : Yes. So our short hand, we are definitely pretty neutral. It really does not impact us much one way or the other what direction the Fed does on rates. I think we are relatively good. And you saw our deposit betas are 50-plus percent. So they're reacting like we thought they would react. So all that is coming in really well. With the yield curve flattening, -- we still have positive roll-on, so like in the consumer loan portfolio, it's probably repricing right now maybe 100 to 150 basis points more. If rates flatten down, it is going to still reprice positive, but maybe only 50 basis points better. So we still get the benefit. It's just less of a benefit. I think the thing to really emphasize though is we have a lot of knowns in our balance sheet, which kind of gives us the comfort, we're going to have strong margin and strong NII. We know for a fact that we have $4 billion of securities coming off at a yield of 3.5%, depending on what the yield curve looks like it is going to reprice higher, maybe 4.5%, maybe 5.5%, but it is going up. Consumer loans I just talked about, that's going to continue to reprice higher. Strong beta -- deposit beta is good. And then on the swap book, we know for a fact that our swap book is going to go up and accrete more over time, up to 30 basis points. We should be in the [370s] (ph) by the end of the year and early '26. So all those are known and all those are going to happen. And that's baked into our numbers and all that. So that gives us confidence that we're going to perform well and then tweaking on the edges either way if we're going to outperform or maybe be a little bit less. But net-net, overall, earnings will be strong.
Operator: We'll next go to Manan Gosalia with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Manan Gosalia: Hi, good morning. Daryl, just a follow-up on your point on the security side. Just given that the long end of the curve has been so volatile, how are you thinking about putting on more securities here? And what kind of duration would you be willing to take?
Daryl Bible : Yes. So we are very disciplined in how we are doing this. We're in it for the long term. It's kind of how we approach it. So our strategies really haven't changed. We are investing -- obviously, we cleansed our portfolio last year. So all we have is government-backed securities in our portfolio, whether they're treasuries, agencies or municipalities. We don't have any non-agency stuff in the portfolio. So it is all liquid to $35 billion. We've been buying -- about half of our purchases are basically non-convexed. So we're buying treasuries and CMBS in the marketplace. Obviously, we don't have the attractive yields that you do in the CMBS, but you know you're going to keep them over the whole maturity. And then the other half has been going into shorter CMOs and seasoned MBS. Our average duration, if you go back maybe two years ago, we were four, we're now in the 3.5 range, and we stayed in the 3.5 range and feel really good about how we're positioned. It's a portfolio for liquidity and we're going to continue to use it for that if we need it.
Manan Gosalia: Got it. And maybe on loan growth, actually the other side of the loan growth question is credit. And you've had some nice loan growth in C&I over the past few quarters. I think C&I is up 7% year-on-year, and that's clearly well above peers. So how are you thinking about the credit performance of that book if we get a weakening macro environment from here? And I ask because I noticed that the declines in CRE criticized were actually in line with last quarter, but then you had some offsets on the C&I side.
Daryl Bible : Yes. Our CRE portfolio has been performing really well. We've stress tested, looked at it backwards and forwards and feel really good on the trajectory of that portfolio. That said, we have maybe a little bit of exposure in the greater D.C. area, a couple of hundred million, nothing significant. But things to watch out for in certain areas. But net-net, overall, we feel CRE is going to perform and continue to perform very, very well from that perspective. Our C&I went up. It was really just idiosyncratic one customer, a large credit, a couple of hundred million, basically had some issues with a roll-up strategy for the big trucks that you see on the road and all that. And we think that's going to play out positively as the year goes. So we don't think there is any losses there. So net-net, overall, we still think that we will continue to lower our criticized throughout the year, not at the pace that we did in '24, but still at a measured pace. If things get really bad in the economy, which I don't think is going to happen, but if they do, then we can adjust accordingly. But right now, I think we are just seeing a slowdown for the most part.
Manan Gosalia: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And next, we'll go to John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
John Pancari : Good morning, Daryl.
Daryl Bible : Good morning John.
John Pancari : Just back to the loan growth. I know you gave some good color on the commercial real estate balances that are coming down and also seeing some growth selectively in C&I within that average loan guidance of 1.35 to 1.37. Can you talk to us maybe -- can you break down the incremental CRE decline that you expect and where you expect that could bottom just given what you're seeing right now? And then perhaps maybe help us with how we should think about the pace of C&I loan growth as we look out through the remainder of the year? Thanks.
Daryl Bible : Yes. So we expect right now our CRE portfolio, the bottom out on an average basis, probably by the fourth quarter. We think that pipeline is going to start to build. Its building now and it just has to go through and basically get on the books. A lot of the new production on the pipeline is construction. So our construction loans won't actually start to fund up meaningfully for probably 12 months to 15 months from that standpoint. But CRE is, I think going to work its way through and start to grow momentum and grow positively. For us, it is all about making sure it's -- we're serving client selection, the best customers out in the marketplace, making sure that the loans are structured really well. That helped us through some down periods. We won't lose that. So structure is really important to us. And we will compete on price if everything else falls into place from that perspective. So we'll just see. But our C&I book portfolio, I think is gaining momentum. Consumer is going really well. And we're actually, we're going to try to grow a little bit in residential mortgage as well to help offset it. That said, portfolio -- we'll just see how it plays out overall. But we are doing everything we can, but we're going to make sure we emphasize and really put loans on our books that we know won't be issues in the next couple of years, and that will be good long-term assets for us.
John Pancari : Okay. Great. And then it sounds like it is probably not the case, but are you seeing -- on that loan topic, are you seeing any line utilization or line drawdowns out of precautionary concerns by borrowers given the recessionary environment? Any evidence of that at this point?
Daryl Bible : No, not really. I mean you look at the utilization this past quarter, commercial is down -- brought down about 1%. And really nothing hit our screens that showed any big draws or anything from that. And it's not like COVID where it was having draws every day. You saw your capital ratios come down. It's not like that at all. There's really almost no additional activity. Behaviors have been pretty consistent, to be honest with you than what we went through in the last down period with COVID.
John Pancari : Right. That's good to hear. And then I'm sorry, just one more on deposits. It looks like you saw some pretty good end-of-period growth where balances were above the average and particularly in noninterest-bearing. Any read into that? Or should we pay attention more so to the average deposit trajectory?
Daryl Bible : The first quarter is always a low seasonal quarter for us. So it always drops in January, February, then starts to build back in March. You have to also remember, we have a lot of escrow deposits because of our mortgage servicing businesses that we have. So we intend to gain through the first half of the month and then it kind of drops off in the second half of the month. And our ICS business and trust has a lot of activity and that kind of comes and goes depending on what we have there. And we had some ICS deposits on the balance sheet at the end of the quarter as well. But that's all good funding to have, and it helps us manage our balance sheet and helps with NII overall.
John Pancari : Okay, great. Thanks Daryl.
Operator: We'll next go to Christopher Spahr with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Christopher Spahr : Hi, good morning. Thanks. Just a quick question. On long-term debt, just what is your perspective on like with sluggish loan growth and I guess you seem to be somewhat optimistic on deposits? But like long-term loan-to-deposit ratio? And where do you see long-term debt kind of settling out?
Daryl Bible : So our long-term debt, we are really focused on trying to reduce kind of broker deposits, Federal Home Loan, bank advances. I think our broker deposits are around $7 billion or $8 billion right now. So they're down from the peak of a 1.5 years ago. And if you look at Federal Home Loan Bank advances $1 billion or $2 billion. So I think we are pretty much through that. Long-term debt we'll issue as needed, depending on what our customer growth is and what our loan growth is, all that being said. So we'll access it accordingly. I think there is some sub debt down the road in the next year or so that you might have to issue it down to get our total capital ratios where they need to be. But net-net, overall, we'll do long debt when it makes sense. We've had spreads come in for us versus our peers, relatively well this past year or so. Obviously, with some volatility in the marketplace, spreads have gapped out, but it is consistent with everybody else in the marketplace from that point. And you can get deals done now just at a higher cost. With all that, and right now, we really don't need a lot of funding, our liquidity is really strong.
Christopher Spahr : Okay. Thank you. And as a follow-up on the expenses and what degree of flexibility on your guide range -- like there is low hanging fruit with some specific examples of your simplification efforts and maybe also then some potential settings on regulation? Thank you.
Daryl Bible : Yeah. I would say for the last couple of years that I've been part of M&T, our businesses and leaders have done a great job controlling their expenses, and this year is no exception to that. They are doing a great job for that. if we actually did get into a bad recession period where revenue was really challenged. There are things we could do to pull on expenses. But right now, I'm still thinking we are going to drive positive operating leverage for the year. I think we still have a shot at that, still growing NII and fees, and we still have a modest increase on the expense side. That said, if you look at our strategic projects, there are some strategic projects that we have to just get finished because we've been doing them for so long. So like the GL, our data centers, cyber and our commercial CDA program, all those need to finish out. We are really close on a lot of these and should get those done. The other ones are more newer. So if you really had to, you could slow some of that down from an expense perspective. We're also really focusing and working on how we can just deliver our products and services and we are efficiently in the back office. So I think you'll see a lot of realignment, some automation and some workforce strategies potentially needed if we had to do something like that. So net-net, overall, I think we have flexibility on expenses, but really don't believe we have to pull the trigger now, still have a shooting for a positive operating leverage.
Christopher Spahr: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll next go to Peter Winter with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Peter Winter : Hi, thanks good morning. Daryl, I was just wondering, given the increase in uncertainty, are there any loan portfolios maybe you are watching a little bit more closely? Or any portfolios causing you to tighten underwriting standards a little more?
Daryl Bible : Yes. There is a list of portfolios, obviously that we are looking for and monitoring really well. If you look at it, retail trade is one, manufacturing -- you look at anything from construction, wholesale trade. So all those tend to be areas that we're watching very closely. From DOGE and USAID perspective, we have seen some stress in our government contractors. Actually, we've had two smaller credits get downgraded in those areas. And we're also monitoring our nonprofit portfolio. Nonprofits, we've had one -- they get downgrade. It focused specialty on immigration and all that. So areas that we are funding is adjusted for and how they are reacting to it could have some impact there. That said, none of that is really meaningful to date that we've seen. But we are monitoring all these portfolios very closely. And we'll just see how the economy plays out.
Peter Winter : Got it. And just one housekeeping on the margin. I just want to clarify, you said that the exit rate should be around [3.70] (ph) this year. Is that correct?
Daryl Bible : No, I did not say that. I said that we are guiding for [mid-3.60s to high 3.60s] (ph) and that we have a good upward trajectory on our net interest margin.
Peter Winter : Okay, thanks Daryl.
Operator: We'll next go to Erika Najarian with UBS. Please go ahead.
Erika Najarian : Hi, there. Sorry, they just took away our physical phones. And so old people like me have to figure out how to unmute more quickly. Just a few follow-up questions, Daryl. So clearly, there are near-term sort of headwinds to growth. But as we think about everything that you described your balance sheet to be positioned and everything that you've said about growth, it does feel like -- again, just a follow-up to the questions on the exit rate. It does feel like the NII trajectory should be upward from here, if we just sort of dissect your guide and what you reported because you'll get the day count back in the second quarter, then it feels like we'll get to the [18] (ph) -- we have to get to the [1.8] (ph) for the low end of your guidance to be achieved. And if you have a smaller balance sheet that would imply a [3.70] (ph) exit NIM as well?
Daryl Bible : Yes. I mean we talked earlier, one of the analysts are talking about what happens with what interest rate environment you have, what the yield curve is, what the Fed actions really do and also what the size of the balance sheet, both on the loan and deposit side. There's just a lot of puts and takes out there. Is it possible we can get in the [3.70s] (ph), yes. But it’s not in our base forecast right now. We are basically just trying to balance what we see today with all the risks and uncertainty we have in the marketplace. And give me a rate scenario, I'll give you my best estimate of what that rate scenario is from a margin perspective from that. I think your NII comment is positive. And I think that we -- and I should continue to move in an upward direction. I think that's right.
Erika Najarian : Fair enough. We've gotten whipsawed by the curve and the forward curve for sure. And then a follow-up question. First is if you could tell us in sort of in the CECL model, what your unemployment assumption is underpinning your current reserve? And then as a follow-up, somewhat related question, you are participating in the stress test this year, you did opt in? I'm wondering, since the Fed had put out the -- their own language and their own press release indicating that changes to administrative law is requiring them to reexamine the test itself. Have you noticed any changes in the process yet in terms of the stress test in terms of more transparency, more feedback? And additionally, does the -- if you receive a smaller or a lower stress capital buffer, does that change the way you are also thinking about capital allocation and the go forward?
Daryl Bible : Yes. Let me start with the stress testing one. We submitted our information at the end of March, early April, and we really have not heard anything from the fed. It is kind of a normal year from a processing perspective, at least to-date, that is what we've seen. We are optimistic, obviously, that to opt in, we thought we would have a lower stress capital buffer. We'll see if we are correct with that and all that. For us, I think it's just is meaningful that we can continue to drive that. Last year, we were one of three banks out of 30 that we're able to have a decrease. We went down two tenants but we're still at the higher end of our stress capital buffer versus most of our peers in the industry. So we are just trying to see if our balance sheet basically de-risking of what we have is working and moving closer to the middle or maybe into the early or maybe top quartile or whatever of our peer group. So that is really what we're trying to do there. Obviously, other constituencies can look at that and can weigh in on what impact that has. I think long term, Erika, it might make an impact. But I don't think, immediately given all the uncertainty in the marketplace, it is going to have much of an impact of what we're trying to do from a capital perspective. We're going to just really monitor to see if we actually go into a recession or not right now. As far as CECL goes, I would tell you that we're -- our unemployment rate average debt now to be right around 5%, approximately. So I think that's probably [4, 10, 7] (ph) higher than what we were higher than that before we made the adjustment. It's obviously not a recessionary type unemployment rate, but it did move up because of the changes that we made.
Erika Najarian: Right. Thank you.
Daryl Bible: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude our questions. I would like to now turn the call back over to Steve Wendelboe for closing remarks.
Steve Wendelboe: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, if clarification is needed, please contact our Investor Relations department at (716)-842-5138. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's program. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-16 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the M&T Bank Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on listen-only mode and the floor will be open for your questions following the presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Brian Klock, Head of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Brian Klock: Thank you, Todd, and good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's fourth quarter 2024 earnings conference call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules by going to our website, www.mtb.com. Once there, you can click on the Investor Relations link and then on the Events and Presentations link. Closed captioning has also been provided for webcast participants. Also before we start, I'd like to mention that today's presentation may contain forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information are included in today's earnings release materials, and in the investor presentation as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. The presentation also includes non-GAAP financial measures as identified in the earnings release and in the investor presentation. The appropriate reconciliations to GAAP are included in the appendix. Joining me on the call this morning is M&T's Senior Executive Vice President and CFO, Daryl Bible. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Daryl.
Daryl Bible: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. First, I'd like to begin with our purpose on Slide 3. M&T's success continues to be driven by our purpose, making a difference in people's lives. We do this by not only empowering our customers to meet their financial needs, but by supporting the communities where we live and work. As M&T continues to grow, we remain committed to our relationship-based model. We believe our unique knowledge of customers, capital, and community allows us to deliver customized solutions that make an impact. In 2024, this impact was evident across the footprint. In addition to the positive social, environmental and governance accomplishments highlighted on Slide 4, this December M&T issued our first sustainability bond in conjunction with the publication of our sustainability financing framework, which will guide future issuances. It's highlighted on Slide 5, M&Ts to Garner continues to garner awards for the work in 2024, including recognition from industry of our talent achievements and local charitable efforts. Now let's turn to Slide 7 and 8. Before we get into the fourth quarter, I want to pause and reflect on some of the highlights for 2024. First, I want to take a moment to recognize the hard work and dedication of our 22,000 colleagues who allowed us to have such a successful year. In 2024, we focused on four priorities, including building our New England and Long Island markets, optimizing our resources through simplification, making our systems and processes resilient and scalable, and continuing to develop and scale our risk management. The progress we made on these priorities related and related enterprise initiatives will allow the bank to continue to grow and scale in coming years. Our focus on fundamentals is reflected in several of our financial accomplishments in 2024. We executed our financial plan for the year and the results met or exceeded the outlook we discussed last January for NII, fee income, expenses, and average loans and deposits. We made significant progress on our CRE concentration, reaching what we believe is a target level. Our capital levels continue to grow through the year and remain strong, as we restarted our share repurchase program in the third quarter. We actively managed our interest rate sensitivity through our hedging program and securities portfolio to shift our balance sheet toward a more rate neutral position. We manage credit risk meaningfully reducing nonaccrual and commercial criticized balances, and having net charge-offs come in largely in line with our expectations. Best focus on the fundamentals positions M&T for 2025 and beyond, and is reflected in our 2024 results with net operating earnings per share of $14.88. ROTA and ROTCE of 1.3% and 14.54%, and 11% growth in tangible book value per share. Turn to Slide 9, which shows the results for the fourth quarter. Our fourth quarter results reflect the continuation of a strong performance we have through the year. There are several successes to highlight. NII was largely stable compared to the third quarter, even considering a 100 basis points in rate cuts since the start of the easing cycle in September. Average total loans grew for the fifth consecutive quarter demonstrating our ability to more than offset the plan reduction in our CRE concentration. Average total deposits grew by over $3 billion sequentially, while interest-bearing deposit cost declined 24 basis points, reflecting the quality of our deposit franchise. We excluded -- we executed $200 million in share repurchases and grew CET1 ratio to 11.67%. Fee income, excluding notable items, reached another high point for the fourth quarter aided by the strength in mortgage and trust. Asset quality continued to improve with a $1 billion reduction in commercial criticized loans and $236 million reduction in nonaccrual loans. Now let's look at the specifics for the fourth quarter. Diluted earnings per share were $3.86, down from $4.02 in the prior quarter. Net income for the quarter was $681 million compared to $721 million in the linked quarter. M&T's fourth quarter results produced an ROA and ROCE of 1.28% and 9.75% respectively. CET1 ratio remained strong, growing to 11.67% at the end of the fourth quarter and tangible book value per share grew 1%. The fourth quarter included several notable items, a securities gain of $18 million or $0.08 per share related to the sale of noncore investments, expense associated with redemption of certain M&T trust preferred obligations amounting to $20 million or $0.09 per share. This action has a three-year earn back. Corporate real estate optimization related to expenses amounting to $27 million or $0.12 per share and a pension-related credit within expenses amounting to $12 million or $0.05 per share benefit. Slide 10 includes supplemental reporting of M&T's results on net operating or tangible basis. M&T's net operating income for the fourth quarter was $691 million compared to $731 million in the linked quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per share were $3.92 for the recent quarter, down from $4.08 in the prior quarter. Net operating income yielded ROTA and ROTCE of 1.35% and 14.66% for the recent quarter. Next, we look a little deeper into the underlying trends that generated our fourth quarter results. Please turn to Slide 11. Taxable-equivalent net interest income was $1.74 billion, largely unchanged from the linked quarter. NII for the fourth quarter was $25 million in nonaccrual interest compared to $12 million in the third quarter. The net interest margin was 3.58%, a decrease of 4 basis points from the prior quarter. And the primary drivers of the decrease to the margin were a negative 10 basis points related to lower contribution of free funds, partially offset by a positive 3 basis points from the fixed asset -- fixed rate asset repricing and a positive 3 basis points from higher nonaccrual interest. Turning to Slide 13 to talk about average loans. Average loans and leases increased $1 billion to $135.7 billion. C&I and consumer growth continued to outpace the decline in CRE similar to the trend in the past several quarters. C&I loans grew 2% to $60.7 billion, driven by strength in dealer commercial services, fund banking, and corporate and institutional. CRE loans declined 4% to $27.9 billion. CRE as a percent of Tier 1 capital and the allowance is estimated to be 136% at the end of the fourth quarter. Residential mortgage loans were relatively unchanged at $23.1 billion. Consumer loans grew 5% to $24 billion, reflecting increases in recreational finance and indirect auto loans. Loan yields decreased 21 basis points to 6.17% as lower rates on variable loans were partially offset by fixed rate loan repricing, a smaller drag related to cash flow hedges and higher nonaccrual interest. Turning to Slide 14, our liquidity remains strong at the end of the fourth quarter investment securities and cash, including cash held at the Fed totaled $54.8 billion, representing 26% of total assets. Average investment securities increased $2.7 billion, the yield on investment securities increased 18 basis points to 3.88% as the yield on new purchases exceeded the yield on maturing securities. In the fourth quarter, we purchased over $3.3 billion in securities at an average rate of 4.96%. The duration of the investment portfolio at the end of the quarter with [3.47] years, and the unrealized pre-tax loss on the available for sale portfolio was $205 million for 10 basis points CET1 drag if included in regulatory capital. Turning to Slide 15. We remain focused by growing customer deposits and saw a solid deposit growth in the fourth quarter. Average total deposits rose $3.1 billion or 2% to $164.6 billion, reflecting $2.6 billion increase in non-brokerage deposits. Deposit growth was concentrated in commercial, business banking and institutional services, while consumer deposits declined, reflecting lower time deposit balance sheet. Average noninterest bearing deposits rose $0.4 billion to $46.5 billion, primarily related to trust demand deposits within our institutional services segment. Noninterest bearing deposits were largely stable in our other segments. Excluding broker deposits, the average non-interest bearing deposit mix in the fourth quarter was 30.4%. Interest-bearing deposit costs decreased 24 basis points, the 2.64%. Continuing on Slide 16, noninterest income was $657 million compared to $606 million in the link quarter. Trust income increased $5 million to $175 million from higher sales and fees and corporate trust and agency services. Mortgage banking revenues were $117 million compared to $109 million in the third quarter. Commercial mortgage banking revenues were the main driver increasing $7 million from the linked quarter to $41 million reflecting higher gains on the sale of commercial mortgage loans. Other revenues from operation increased $24 million to $176 million from a $23 million distribution from M&T's investment in DLG and strong syndication and other loan and letter of credit fees, which increased $5 million. Security gains of 18 million mostly reflect the realized gains on the sale of noncore investments. Turning to Slide 17. Noninterest expenses were $1.36 billion and increase of $60 million from the prior quarter. Salaries and benefits increased $15 million to $790 million inclusive of higher incentive compensation. Equipment and occupancy increased $8 million to $133 million from our new data center starting to come online. Other costs from operations increased $40 million to $168 million, reflecting the redemption of certain M&T trust preferred obligations, and expenses associated with corporate real estate optimization, partially offset by pension-related credit. The efficiency ratio was 56.8% compared to 55% in the third quarter. On an adjusted basis, when excluding notable items, the efficiency ratio was 55.3%. Next, let's turn to Slide 18 for credit. Net interest charge-offs for the quarter totaled $160 million or 47 basis points, up from 35 basis points in the linked quarter. The 2 largest charge-offs totaled $34 million and more C&I loans in unrelated industries. One, a marine dealer and the other in manufacturing. Overall, CRE-related charge-offs remain modest. Net charge-offs for the full year were 41 basis points, which is in line with our expectations. Nonaccrual loans decreased $236 million or 12% to $1.7 billion. Nonaccrual ratio decreased 17 basis points to 1.25% driven largely by upgrades out of nonaccrual as well as payoffs and charge-offs. In the fourth quarter, we recorded a provision of $140 million compared to net charge-offs of $160 million. The allowance to loan ratio decreased 1 basis point to 1.61%, partially related to the reduction in criticized loans, including those in nonaccrual status. Please turn to Slide 19. When we file our 10-K in February, we estimate that the level of criticized loans to be -- to $9.9 billion compared to $10.9 million at the end of September. Improvement from the linked quarter was driven by a $302 million decline in C&I and $691 million decline in CRE criticized balances. Within C&I, the decline in credit size was concentrated in services, health services and dealer segments. At CRE, criticized decline was primarily within office, retail, health care, hotel and construction. Improved cash flows in many of the portfolios were impacted by COVID, namely health care, hotel and retail, and active refinance market helped drive the improvement in CRE criticized. Turning to Slide 22 for capital. M&T's CET1 ratio at the end of the fourth quarter was an estimated 11.67% compared to 11.54% at the end of the third quarter. The increase was due to continued strong earnings, net of $200 million in share repurchases. At the end of the year, the negative AOCI impact in the CET1 ratio from the available super sale portfolio and the pension-related components, combined, would be approximately 4 basis points. Now let's -- turning to Slide 24 for outlook. Let's begin with the economic backdrop. The economy again remained resilient to the end of the year and we estimate GDP growth will come in at 2.8% for 2024, what the fourth quarter data is published. Consumer spending remains solid. There'll be no challenges for some segments reflected by increasing credit delinquency. The labor market remained sturdy in the fourth quarter while job growth and wage growth, supportive of consumer spending and continued economic expansion. We continue to see a soft landing as the most likely outcome for the U.S. economy. Inflation ticked up a bit in the fourth quarter, but we expect it will de-accelerate going forward. With the economic backdrop, let's review our net interest income outlook. We expect tangible equivalent net interest income to be $7.1 billion to $7.2 billion with a net interest margin increasing through the year and in the mid-360s. Our interest rate sensitivity remains relatively neutral, aided by the balance sheet actions we took in 2024, including adding forward sorting hedges and building our securities portfolio. However, shifts in the shape of the yield curve will drive variability in the NII outlook. We expect full year average loan and lease balances to be $137 billion to $139 billion. This reflects continued growth in C&I and consumer with more modest growth in residential mortgages. Full year average commercial real estate balances are expected to decline in 2024 but we expect the balances to grow modestly in the second half of the year as we build the pipeline and begin to offset payoffs and paydowns with new originations. Full year average deposit balances are expected to be $164 billion to $166 billion. We remain focused on growing customer deposits at a reasonable cost and expect to reduce our reliance on noncustomer funding sources. Turning to fee income. We expect noninterest income to be $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion, a continued growth in noninterest income is driven by growth in our core businesses, which we expect will drive higher revenues in mortgage banking, merchant trust and service charges. Additional mortgage subservicing, which is included in our outlook adds to our ongoing growth. The interest environment remains dynamic. However, our diversified product set should help provide relative stability from our fee income businesses. Continuing with expenses. We anticipate total noninterest expense, including intangible amortization to be $5.4 billion to $5.5 billion. The outlook includes our first quarter seasonal salary and benefit increase, which is estimated to be $110 million. Also included in the outlook is approximately $43 million for intangible amortization. Our business lines remain focused on closely managing our expenses, allowing the bank to make targeted investments in projects and business opportunities that support our enterprise priorities. Regarding credit, we expect net charge-offs for the full year to again be near 40 basis points with continued normalization in the consumer portfolio and improvement of commercial credit costs. We expect taxable equivalent tax rate to be approximately 24.5%. As it relates to capital, we expect to reach 11% CET1 ratio in 2025. With our 11.67% CET1 ratio at the end of 2024 and the expectation for continued strong capital generation, quarterly share repurchases are expected to be higher than the third and fourth quarter of 2024. In 2025, we remain committed to our 4 priorities, including growing our New England and Long Island markets, optimizing resources through simplification, making our systems resilient and scalable continuing to scale and develop our risk management capabilities. Continued progress and completion of these priorities will enable the bank to continue to grow in the future, both organically and inorganically. To conclude on Slide 25, our results underscore an optimistic investment thesis. M&T has always been a purpose-driven organization with a successful business model that benefits all stakeholders, including shareholders. We have a long track record of credit outperforming through all economic cycles while growing within the markets we serve. We remain focused on shareholder returns and consistent dividend growth. And finally, we are a disciplined acquirer and prudent steward of shareholder capital. Now let's open the call to questions before which, Todd will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Manan Gosalia with Morgan Stanley.
Manan Gosalia: Daryl, can you unpack your comments on capital and buybacks? I think you've said previously that you can stay above an 11% CET1 ratio and do about $2 billion in buybacks. I don't know if I should be reading too much into the tilde 11% guide on CET1. Does that imply you can do more than $2 billion and bring that capital ratio down from 11.7%?
Daryl Bible: So Manan, we feel comfortable that we can basically operate our company at 11% where we are today and what the economy looks like and all that. So our plans are to bring our ratios down throughout the year. We'll be opportunistic from that but it's also going to be driven by our RWA growth, how much our loan growth is and all that. We aren't going to push and make loans that don't make sense. We're going to do what is -- what we always do to serve our customers and communities. But it's fluid right now whether we're going to have strong loan growth in '25 or something maybe not as strong. So we'll have a lot of flexibility there to do that. But if the plan came out, and we actually hit our plan that we expect for '25, we'd probably do a little bit over $2 billion with that loan growth. If we have less loan growth, we'll do more share repurchase. If we have more loan growth, we'll do less share repurchase.
Manan Gosalia: Great. Very clear. And on criticized loans, they were down nicely, about $1 billion. The question is what is driving that the most right now? And what matters most for that to continue to come down in 2025? Is it the short end, the long end? Is it getting updated financials from your borrowers and the upgrades that come from that? What's most important from here?
Daryl Bible: Yes. So for the fourth quarter, what really drove it was -- if you remember, the yield curve really dropped in August, September time frame, and we were able to get a lot of placements with a lot of our customers for our RCC business. So the highest percentage of reduction in our criticized balances was basically full payoffs. The next largest high was upgrades. So we still have a lot of businesses still curing and getting better. We talked about it in the prepared remarks. Some of the COVID industries that were impacted now have much stronger P&Ls, and that's impacting. And then finally, we did have some partial paydowns and some charge-offs. But the biggest driver was that the yield curve. Now as you look into 2025, right now, the yield curve is a lot steeper than it was back at the end of the third quarter. So if it stays in that neighborhood, we're up 90-plus basis points, we'll probably have less loans being cured by permanent placements from that perspective. So I think some of the curing of the criticized might slow down a bit. The pace of the shrink -- Fed reductions, right now, it's 1 or 2 reductions in 2025. That really helps our C&I portfolio, mainly in the leverage lending area. And if that continues to come down more than that, that would be more positive. So we still expect to have improvement in our criticized commercial loans. But from what we see today, based upon the projections of the Fed and based upon where the yield curve is today, we'll have a much more modest reduction than what we had in 2024. But the good news is we got basically out of a lot of credits that were higher risk and our criticized balances that we have left on the books right now are a better quality criticized book. So we feel really good at where we are.
Manan Gosalia: So it sounds like from a credit perspective, from a charge-off perspective, your outlook hasn't really changed. And I know in the past, you've said that you've been a lot more punitive on classifying those criticized loans. So is the base of decline in the criticized loans slows, does that change how we think about the actual impact to the income statement from the credit of the portfolio? Or is that still pretty much in line with how you thought about it before?
Daryl Bible: Yes. So from a charge-off perspective, I know that's not through the income statement. Our retail consumer portfolios are normalizing. So we think that's going to be a little bit higher than what it was '24. But we believe that our commercial credits, both C&I and CRE will continue to come down in net charge-offs. Now from a provision perspective, I think provision-wise, we feel really good at our current allowance levels. And when you look at what we could see in the future, we would expect allowance levels to basically, based upon the growth that we have in loans, coupled with the economic conditions that basically impact these industries. Right now, the economic conditions from what we're seeing from the models and the projections are pretty tame, but we're having some loan growth, so we're providing to it from that perspective. Depending on loan growth, we'll provide more on day 1. If we have less loan growth, we'll have less provision.
Operator: Our next question will come from Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.
Bill Carcache: I wanted to start off on the progress you've made in reducing your CRE exposure. It's been well reflected in your declining stress capital buffer. But as you reflect on that improvement, what's been the response from the client side? You're there for them, but have they noticed a difference as you've actively taken that concentration ratio from 136% down to 136%, 183%?
Daryl Bible: I would say Peter D’Arcy and his team have done a tremendous job really managing through what we've been going through the last couple of years. We have been basically doing some more placements in some of our customers. We did some few sales as well over the last couple of years. But those have been more, what I would call, noncore customer-related relationships for the most part. So our core customer base is still intact. Even though we weren't really lending much in CRE over the last couple of years, they are -- now know that the pipeline is open and we're now working with them. If you actually look at the pipeline in CRE, we have about $1.5 billion in pipeline now there, which is starting to build, which is nice. But I'd say, overall, I think our core customers are still very loyal and support M&T. And the ones that haven't been supportive of their credits or more financial-oriented were the ones that we kind of were more aggressive on trying to put them out of the bank.
Bill Carcache: As a follow-up on your earlier credit comments, Daryl, could you frame stress in the portfolio if we were to get no more cuts from here versus 2 to 3 more? Is it going to be enough relief for some of your borrowers if we didn't get any more cuts from here?
Daryl Bible: Yes. Bill, I mean, obviously, if rates stay where they are, there will be some stress in the system. We still are concerned with office, but office is going to play out over a longer time period. We had a nice reduction in our office criticized this quarter. But that doesn't remove all the risks that you have out there. But the fundamentals are still really getting better. Our construction book seems to be on track, doing really well. Our other parts of CRE, if you look at it from a hotel, retail, multifamily basis all seem to be performing well and as expected. So I'm not going to say we aren't going to have any more increases to criticized or no more charge-offs. But from what we see today and what we've basically were able to move off the balance sheet already, we think, a much better criticized book than we have and will have less of an impact moving forward on our financials.
Bill Carcache: If I could squeeze in one last one. Your comments on capital return are very clear, and the relationship between whether we get faster or slower loan growth being a driver of the level of a buyback. But if we did get any kind of acceleration in loan growth, how much of that would you expect to drop to the bottom line and ultimately drive greater positive operating leverage versus the level that you'd look to reinvest in the business?
Daryl Bible: I'm basically just going to tell you, we're going to basically be at 11% CET1 ratio. It's going to be driven by our RWA growth. And depending on that, we'll determine how many share repurchases we do this year.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America.
Ebrahim Poonawala: I guess a couple of follow-up questions. When we think about the margin outlook and the margin guidance, if we don't see any move from the Fed and if we remove loan growth, like how do you think the trajectory of the NIM plays itself out from here? Like should we think about it as the back book repricing should continue to be a tailwind and deposit costs are stable to lower? Or is that not the right framework and how to think about what NIM would do in a static balance sheet?
Daryl Bible: Yes. So high level, Ebrahim. We feel pretty good that our net interest margin should continue to increase throughout 2025. If you look at where we are and what makes us say that, when you look at our received swap portfolio, we already have locked in and it's going to increase. If you start with the fourth quarter of 2024 and look at fourth quarter 2025, we have over 50 basis point increase in that book, and that's a given. If you look at our fixed rate repricing assets on the asset side of the balance sheet, the investment portfolio, consumer loans and residential mortgage loans, it's going to be dependent on what the shape of the curve is there. But I feel pretty good that the investment portfolio from point to point, from fourth quarter to fourth quarter, should be up 20 to 25, 30 basis points depending on the shape of the curve. Consumer loans and residential mortgage loans, up maybe 10 to 20 basis points over that time period. So that's all really good. If you look at the other side of the balance sheet, we ran our models with 2 Fed cuts out there. So these are really driven by Fed actions. We still believe that we will have good repricing going down in our nonmaturity deposits successfully. We think our deposit betas will reach 50% in 2025. [ High ] deposits will have almost 100 basis point improvement point-to-point in that cost, which is really positive. And wholesale funds will also have a nice large improvement. So I feel pretty good with the trends that we see and the trajectory of where our net interest margin is going to go. But a lot depends on the shape of the curve. And you saw yesterday, there was a big move back down and all that. So it's a volatile environment, but we're really neutral from a short end perspective from a Fed move and really -- just really looking at the longer end. But truly, we're trying to manage through and do things that make sense for our balance sheet and our customers.
Ebrahim Poonawala: That's helpful. And just a separate question on the 4 priorities you laid out on Slide 23. As we think about the expense outlook for this year, you have some larger tech projects going on, does that set the stage for sort of lower expenses, more efficiencies over the next few years? Or do you think the level of investment spend is likely to continue for the medium term as we think about where efficiency ratio or op lev are headed?
Daryl Bible: Yes. So when you look at our expenses, first, I want to just thank all of my colleagues in the company. We had 2024, and we spent a fair amount of money on some significant projects. We're doing the same thing again in 2025. But we're very disciplined here and doing what's best for the corporate good of the company. So I really appreciate everybody taking that sentiment and doing that. When I look at 2025 and beyond, right now, we have 6, I would say, major investments going on in the company. Out of those 6 investments, I call 3 of them as really big investments that will happen once every several decades. So if you look at cloud and data center -- 3 new data centers, you don't do that very often. That's probably every 10 to 20 years. We're putting in a new general ledger system, a financial system, that's also probably every 10 or 20 years. From a commercial perspective, we've really close to finishing up our corporate services and fulfillment of how we manage risk in that area. Still working on commercial services. But once we get that done and completed, that won't get changed probably for another decade or so. So those are really big investments. But once we get them done, I think those will fall off. I think you have other investments that we're making as well at the same time as we invest in data and analytics. We're always going to be investing in data analytics. That's just core to the customers, how we serve our customers and all that that is critical of what we do. Our digital is basically table stakes. We have to continue to improve and offer really good digital services and all that. So that's good. Treasury management and other things that support our clients are things we will continue to invest in over time. So what I look at it is we got a big comp we're going through right now with some major projects. And there's other projects we're also doing at the same time that will probably linger on into the expense run rate.
Operator: Our next question will come from Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: I’d like you to see if you could frame out first the expansion. You talked about the focus on New England and Long Island. And through organic growth, how long do you think it will take you to get to the levels or the contribution to the consolidated numbers that these areas -- that you've targeted for these areas? And then -- and saying that, how big do you think they could get as a percentage of the total pie? What's the ideal kind of exposure?
Daryl Bible: Yes. Well, Gerard, what I would look at is what we had in Baltimore. We got into the Baltimore market with the all-first transaction about 20 years ago. And if you look at that and where we are today, 20 years later, we're a dominant player in the Baltimore. So our plans are to be very similar to that in the market in New England. Whether it takes 20 years or whether it's something shorter, that really depends on if we have inorganic growth in those periods. But right now, we're increasing our business bankers. We're increasing commercial lenders, increasing wealth managers and people are starting to notice us there. We actually were one of the larger players in SBA in 2024 even with a really small branch distribution. So we're having an impact, but I think our impact will continue to increase and grow as we continue to put more investments there. And then if we have opportunities at some point to do inorganic, that will just speed up the process here as well.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then obviously, you've got some great years of experience, and you've seen how regulatory changes have taken place over the years. Any thoughts on what to expect as we all know, with the incoming administration, there'll be a new controller of the currency, new head of the FDIC as well as the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and then the big news, in my view, at least, was the resignation and the Vice Chair of safety and soundness at the Fed. Any thoughts or comments on the way you guys are looking at all of this?
Daryl Bible: Yes, Gerard, I think we're very optimistic. I think we're hopeful that new administration puts people in place that basically are more balanced, really focus on their true risk of the industry. You look at Governor [ Bullman ] speech that she gave last week in California. She -- her priorities that she believes right now is prioritizing safety and soundness risk, which is really critical important, committing to tailoring and still making sure that happens and also making sure we have increased transparency throughout the industry and how things are done, specifically stress testing, but other things there. So I think if we -- at M&T, we have our fundamentals on how we run the company. We're very, very much aligned with that type of thinking. We think you can run a really good successful bank if you just focus on the fundamentals. And that's what we try to do each and every day, and we think that's really important. So we're optimistic and feel really good about it, and we'll just see what happens when President gets an office Monday and start making some decisions on regulatory people in these spots.
Operator: Our next question will come from John Pancari with Evercore.
John Pancari: On -- just on credit, if I could just go back to that. I appreciate the color you gave on that front. The -- just based upon the -- your outlook, if credit trends play out as you had noted, you expect a bit more stress in -- but some improvement elsewhere. Do you expect that you could see continued reserve releases through 2025? I know you -- the reserve declined about a bit this quarter, very modest, but could you expect continued release if credit plays out as you had described?
Daryl Bible: We definitely believe from a commercial CRE perspective, as things continue to improve, and we have less criticized loans, less nonaccrual loans out there that you're going to see improvement in the allowance. On the other hand, we are changing the mix of our investment or loan portfolio. And the mix the loan portfolio has more consumer assets associated to it. For those consumer assets with that has a little bit higher allowance numbers. And we're really basically building a very diversified balance sheet, diversified revenue stream from that perspective. So I'm not going to say we can definitely release a lot of allowance because of that mix change that's happening. But I think within that mix change, you're seeing the commercial side of it, definitely improve and get better. But on the consumer side, we get paid for these higher yields and higher returns that we're going to receive on that. So it makes sense all in all, in the long run.
John Pancari: Okay. And then just separately, back to the capital and M&A topic. I know you did mention that when you're looking at your markets of interest and broader expansion, inorganic would be an opportunity to speed up the process as you look at your markets. Can you maybe just give us a more -- broadly -- your view -- your updated view on whole bank deals, particularly given the evolving regulatory backdrop? You just mentioned in terms of the upcoming Trump administration.
Daryl Bible: Yes. I think we're optimistic. We'll see what happens when people get into the seats. And I think for us, we are really focused on our 4 priorities. And I firmly believe as we execute on these priorities, and we get things accomplished, people will want us to actually be more important or grow into other markets. I think we'll have basically people pushing us or pulling us into those markets, and there will be a demand for an M&T Bank. When you look at M&T, where I kind of think of us kind of more is in the sweet spot. You have smaller banks in many of the markets that are also community-oriented, but they don't have the platform or the scale to really offer what we can offer over that time period and what we do, how we go to market. And then you have the bigger banks. Bigger banks while they have the scale and the products and services, they tend to be more line of business oriented. And we feel M&T being community bank-oriented, is really a great fit for the New England markets. We think that's a great bank there, and we'll have a lot of success on how that actually plays out. So we're excited to continue to grow. And we actually believe the markets will basically push us into those other markets to make us be successful.
Operator: Our next question will come from Peter Winter with D.A. Davidson.
Peter Winter: Daryl, can you talk about borrower sentiment today in terms of loan demand? And what you think it will take to get them to be more aggressive in terms of demand?
Daryl Bible: Yes. So if you look from a borrower perspective, what we're seeing right now in the marketplace kind of mixed bag, to be honest with you. If you look at our specialty businesses that we have, and look specifically like in corporate institutional fund banking, dealer financial services, all those seem to be pretty robust and going very strong. If you look at our middle market businesses that we have throughout our footprint, not as much so there. It tends to be a little bit more soft. I think waiting for more certainty to come out from the administration and how things play out. When you look from our perspective, we actually think 2025 and 2026 is going to be really good years. The administration seems to be very much pro-business, growing the economy. And we think as the economy and they're successful doing that, loan demand will follow at some point down the road. So we're optimistic. But right now, I would say it's probably a mixed bag.
Peter Winter: Got it. And then just as a follow-up, can you talk about positive competition? And would you say DDA migration has stabilized and actually could start growing in '25?
Daryl Bible: Yes. So we definitely saw all of our business lines, with the exception of ICS, were pretty flat. So the disintermediation seemed to have basically gone away, and I think that's run its course. ICS had a really great quarter and should have a great 2025 and actually contributed, and we had positive growth in our noninterest-bearing deposits. So we feel very positive from that perspective. When you look at the growth that we had in deposits for the quarter, linked quarter, we were up about $3 billion in deposits. That is really good. It was all customer-oriented growth. It is very competitive in the marketplace. But I think it comes back to when I got the question earlier, just M&T's model and how we go to market and how we serve our clients. People want to have relationships, all with one place that can basically fully serve their needs. And I think we're basically being very successful in accomplishing that, and we're seeing really good traction there. We expect our core deposit growth to be up a couple of percent, 2% or 3% this next year. And I'm not saying it's not competitive, but we think that we can win with our services and competitive rates that we will pay out the marketplace.
Operator: Our next question will come from Frank Schiraldi with Piper Sandler.
Frank Schiraldi: Just trying to work through some of the numbers you talked about just on the call here in terms of margins such as pickup in swaps and repricing security loan book and the deposit betas. And just wondering if we think about exit rate for 2025, just curious, if you'd be willing to about any guardrails there. It seems like you could perhaps get to the sort of a 380 number. And so just curious there, or maybe just updated thoughts on more normalized NIM as we move through the year.
Daryl Bible: Yes. I would love to tell you that, Frank. But it really depends on really the shape of the curve and what's going on in the marketplace. Like I said earlier, we're pretty neutral on the short end of the curve. We have an upward sloping yield curve. I think we'll have a much higher net interest margin. That's a good environment for margins. If it stays more flattish, it'll be less so from that perspective. So it's really hard to tell from that. But I'm optimistic as we start 2025, I feel that we have a lot of good things in place and have a lot of confidence in my teammates out there that are going to make things happen and really make us be successful. So I'm optimistic all that's going to play out. And whether it's going to be 380 or some other number, I can't really tell you today, but feel really good about how it's going.
Frank Schiraldi: Okay. And then just a follow-up on stock buybacks. Presumably, still going through CCAR again. You seem pretty comfortable with that 11% CET1 sort of regardless. But I'm just wondering, aside from weather loan growth throughout the year, turns out stronger or weaker than anticipated, is there otherwise, any backloading anticipated repurchase activity holding something back for later in the year? Or do you think it should be -- should we expect pretty consistent throughout 2025?
Daryl Bible: What I would tell you is we feel comfortable operating the company at 11% of where we are today. That's kind of a short-term capital target. What I believe is our long-term capital target is probably going to be around 10%, and I think that's probably going to play out over the next year or 2 from that. As far as when we've repurchased shares and all that is really going to be dependent on what we think the timing is and whether we're opportunistic or not and whatever. So we aren't going to basically tell you guys. You guys can calculate what we're -- how much we're going to buy back. I don't really know when we're going to buy back. We're going to be opportunistic and just see how it plays out from that. But I don't think 11% is done in '26 and '27, things continue to improve and all that. We can continue to push our capital ratios down closer to 10%.
Operator: Our next question will come from Erika Najarian with UBS.
Erika Najarian: And just a follow-up on that line of questioning, Daryl. I think it's an off-cycle year this year for DFAST for Category IV banks. Are you planning to maybe address that stress capital buffer this year by opting to participate? Also maybe I'll ask the second question here. Like how should we read into the Federal Reserve press release that was issued in December 23, essentially saying that they were going to look to improve the transparency of the stress test and also sort of the bank lawsuit and how that could sort of impact your path from -- you mentioned like 11% this year to over the long term 10%?
Daryl Bible: Yes. So we actually did already opt in to the stress test. We notified the Fed and it was approved. So we are doing the stress test again. We firmly believe that with the reduction that we've had in CRE and with the reduction that we've had in our criticized and nonaccrual balances and the performance we've had in PPNR, that we should stress test better than what we had did in '24. Remember in '24, though, we were only 1 of 3 banks that dropped out of 30 banks that we look at from that perspective. But we're hopeful that we can continue to drive it down. Our stress capital buffer is still too high from how we look at it, and we need to bring it down some more. So hopefully, we'll make progress on that this year. As far as what the Fed came out, I think we applaud Governor -- or Chairman Powell for being transparent and things to work on. We all work on things to get better. I think all that is really important. So I think that is definitely in the right direction and look forward to having do and move forward and making it a better process from that perspective.
Operator: Our next question will come from Christopher Spahr with Wells Fargo.
Christopher Spahr: So Daryl, you have a lot of comments about the investments you're putting into the company and yet, when I kind of look at the expense guide, it seems to be relatively measured. So I'm just wondering what are the sources of the cost savings or the offsets that you're getting within the franchise? And how repeatable those may be?
Daryl Bible: Yes. Chris, what I would tell you is one of the things when I joined M&T and I knew the company pretty well from outside looking in, but what are the gems that you have here that I think is really, really important is our business leaders that we have and throughout the company that run their groups, they're all really entrepreneurial. And they don't like to be told what to do, but they are really good at executing what and how they do it. So I give all the credit to my peers and how they look and restructure their groups and how they make them more efficient, more automated and how that all works. So I think that's really important, and we don't want to lose that. I think that what makes us really unique in how successful when we go to market. Because if you look at our performance in 2024, I mean, what we were able to accomplish was pretty amazing. And I think '25 will be better than '24 as I look out. So I feel really good. And definitely -- we definitely have more opportunities, Chris, optimized throughout the company, and we will continue to execute and do that. And I know my peers around the company will help make that happen.
Christopher Spahr: [Technical Difficulty] areas? Is it just less headcount over time, less manual operations? Just again, what are the underlying drivers for the savings?
Daryl Bible: I mean, with headcount, obviously, being the highest cost on our expense base that would definitely have to have some type of impact. But automation, new ways of doing things. What we've done in the company and it's -- I don't know how many other entities have done this, but we have trained now people throughout our whole company to work in an agile form. When I was in other places where I worked, Agile was more of a technology thing and as technology people go off and do this stuff. We've trained all of our business leaders throughout the whole company. We call it the way we work and how they basically work with technology and with other drivers of how the company works and really works together as teams to make us better each and every day. And everybody is empowered to improve how they operate. It could be as simple as moving things from an Excel worksheet on to Alteryx and all that. We've had dozen of those things in our finance area where we save hundreds of hours doing that. Or it could be more complex, where we're offshoring some people out into other jobs from lower skilled or whatever. So we do a whole mixture of things, Chris. I'm not going to be too specific about that. I'm just going to hope that we continue to deliver really good numbers for you and you're satisfied with that.
Christopher Spahr: Okay. And then one last follow-up. The -- your office count shrunk a little bit over the last year. Do you expect that to expand going forward?
Daryl Bible: From an office count perspective, I think we're kind of real close. It's -- I mean it was within 100 FTE, I think, if I remember, look at the numbers year-over-year or something like that. So I think when you look at just how much our vacancy rate is, our vacancy rate is much larger than that. So we could have some volatility in those numbers and I really look at what expenses that they're going to hit for the year and not so much the FTE they got.
Operator: Our next question will come from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matt O'Connor: Just a question on fees. I mean the trends have been good. The outlook is solid. But do you feel like you need maybe a broader product set, both to boost kind of the contribution of fees to overall revenue? And then I guess I'm thinking specifically like in capital markets, where more of your peers have kind of geared into that over the last several years, and you're still relatively small in some of the hedging services you provide and things like that.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So we actually are growing out in that area. Peter D’Arcy and his team have put some investments in talent over the last couple of years, and we'll probably continue to do that in the next couple of years, but we are really focused on growing out the capital markets, investment banking pieces that make sense to serve our customers and the communities that we serve from that perspective. We also see some nice growth within our CRE platform. One of our people that work for Peter has really done amazing things, given us relationships with other nonbank entities out there. We have a relationship now with Blackstone, and it's connected to our RCC business so that Blackstone can originate and actually do placements through the agencies now. And we're going to continue to do more of those things throughout that will generate more fee income. We will plan to continue to serve our CRE customers but we think that our choices and options that we have now won't be just on balance sheet. We have a lot of off-balance sheet and growing off-balance sheet alternatives that can really help drive and serve them as well as to serve our fee income. So I think we're headed in a really good direction. As far as mortgage goes, Matt, we've continued to hire producers, both in commercial and residential. One of the things you may not know about us, but we have a really strong subservicing sector. We do subservicing for some of the largest mortgage originators in the industry and we're really good at it. We actually love the more challenging stuff from a servicing perspective because of our expertise there. And then if you look at our ICS business, they've had tremendous growth the last couple of years. I expect to have really good growth. We're expanding in Europe now. So that's something we're following our customers. Our customers have asked us to follow them to Europe, and we're following them and serving their needs there. So I think our fee income area is actually very positive, has a lot of good momentum, and will continue to grow and be a good positive revenue for us. That said, I think net interest margins are also going to go up. So maybe from a mix perspective, you may not see the benefit, but I think we got a lot of good revenue momentum going on at M&T right now.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we have no further questions in queue. I would like to turn the call back to Brian Klock for any additional or closing remarks.
Brian Klock: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, if clarification of any of the items in the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department. That's area code (716) 842-5138. And have a great day.
Operator: This does conclude the M&T Bank Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Please disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-17 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the M&T Bank Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on listen-only mode and the floor will be open for your questions following the presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Brian Klock, Head of Market and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Brian Klock : Thank you, Todd, and good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's third quarter 2024 earnings conference call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules by going to our website, www.mtb.com. Once there, you can click on the Investor Relations link and then on the Events and Presentations link. Closed captioning has also been provided for those following along on the webcast. Also, before we start, I'd like to mention that today's presentation may contain forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information are included in today's earnings release materials and in the investor presentation, as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. Presentation also includes non-GAAP financial measures as identified in the earnings release and investor presentation. The appropriate reconciliations to GAAP are included in the appendix. Joining me on the call this morning is M&T's Senior Executive Vice President and CFO, Daryl Bible. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Daryl.
Daryl Bible : Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. As you will hear on today's call, the third quarter results represent M&T's continued strength through a dynamic economic environment. We continue to support our communities that we serve. For the 16th consecutive year, M&T Bank is among the nation's top 10 SBA lenders, ranking Number #1 in Baltimore, Buffalo, Connecticut, Delaware, Syracuse, and Washington, D.C. We recently launched the third phase of our [Technical Difficulty] which will provide $25 million to non-profits focused on financial inclusion and economic growth across New England, Long Island, and New York's Westchester County. We also recently updated several environmental goals, including offsetting 100% of our electricity use with renewable energy by 2030 and establishing interim reduction targets for Scope 1 and 2 emissions. Turning to Slide 5, our employees and products continue to receive awards from consumer, business, and trade organizations. We're into Slide 7, which shows the results of the third quarter. As noted in this morning's press release, we released our third quarter results as we continue to make progress on the plans we laid out in January. There are several successes to highlight. [Net interest margin and non-interest] (ph) income grew sequentially as we continue to grow loans while reducing our CRE concentration. In fact, since the fourth quarter of 2023, we have grown average loans by nearly $2 billion while reducing CRE by over $4 billion and growing C&I and consumer loans. Funding costs was well managed in this quarter with a 4 basis point decline in the cost of interest bearing liabilities. We restarted our share repurchase program in the third quarter and executed $200 million in share repurchases and grew our CET1 ratio to over 11.5%. Non-interest income reached a high point in the third quarter, if we exclude the prior gains on our two divestitures. This was achieved by even considering the foregone fee income from those two sold businesses, demonstrating the resiliency and strength of our diversified business model. Asset quality continued to improve this quarter with reduction in both non-accrual balances and commercial credit size loans and net charge-offs below the full year outlook. Now let's look at the specifics for the third quarter. Diluted GAAP earnings per share were $4.02 for the third quarter, improved from $3.73 in the second quarter. Net income for the quarter was $721 million compared to $655 million in the linked quarter, an increase of 10%. M&T's third quarter results produced an ROA and ROCE of 1.37% and 10.26% respectively. The CET1 ratio remains strong, growing at 11.54% at the end of the third quarter and tangible book value first year grew 5%. Of note, the third quarter included a discrete tax benefit of $14 million or an $0.08 EPS benefit. Slide 8 includes supplemental reporting of M&T's results on a net operating and tangible basis. M&T's net operating income for the third quarter was $731 million compared with $665 million in the linked quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per share were $4.08 for the recent quarter, up from $3.79 in the second quarter. Net operating income yielded an ROTA and ROTCE of 1.45% and 15.47% for the recent quarter. Next, let's look a little deeper into the underlying trends that generated our third quarter results. Please turn to slide 9. Taxable-equivalent net interest income was $1.74 billion, an increase of $8 million or 1% from the linked quarter. The net interest margin was 3.62%, an increase of 3 basis points from the second quarter. The primary drivers of the increase to the margin were positive 3 basis points from fixed asset repricing, mostly in the investment portfolio and consumer loans, positive 3 basis points from earning asset mix, positive 2 basis points from deposit and wholesale funding mix and costs, partially offset by a negative 4 basis points from lower non-accrual interest and a negative 1 basis point for all other items. Non-accrual interest amounted to $12 million compared to $30 million in the second quarter. Turn to slide 11 to talk about average loans. Average loans and leases increased slightly to $134.8 billion. Similar to the trend that we saw last several quarters, C&I growth outpaced the decline in CRE. C&I loans grew 3% to $59.8 billion, driven by increases in fund banking, dealer commercial services, mortgage warehouse, and franchise lending. Middle market utilization declined modestly, while dealer floor plan utilization increased from the second quarter as a result of slower auto sales and new model arrivals. CRE loans declined 8% to $29.1 billion, reflecting continued low originations and paydowns as we continue to manage our CRE concentration. CRE as a percent of Tier 1 capital and allowance is estimated to be 148% at the end of the third quarter. Residential mortgage loans were relatively unchanged at $23 billion. Consumer loans grew 4% to $22.9 billion, reflecting growth in recreational finance and indirect auto loans. Loan yields were unchanged at 6.38% as lower non-accrual interest was largely offset by the benefit of fixed rate loan repricing and mix shift. Turning to Slide 12, our liquidity remains strong. At the end of the third quarter, investment securities and cash, including cash held at the Fed, totaled $59 billion, representing 28% of total assets. The average investment securities increased $1.3 billion. The yield on securities increased 9 basis points to 3.7% as the yield on new purchases exceeded the yield on maturing securities. In the fourth quarter, we have $1 billion in securities maturing, in an average yield of 1.8%, which we intend to reinvest. The duration of the investment portfolio at the end of the quarter was 3.6 years, and the unrealized pre-tax gain on the available-for-sale portfolio was $68 million for 3 basis points CET1 benefit, if included in regulatory capital. Turning to slide 13, we remain focused on growing customer deposits and are pleased with the overall deposit performance. Average total loans declined [$2 billion or 1%] (ph) to $161.5 billion, reflecting a $1.1 billion decline in broker deposits and a $0.9 billion decline in non-broker deposits. Commercial and business banking grew total average deposits from the second quarter while consumer deposits declined sequentially, as we continue to manage more rate-sensitive deposits. Average non-interest bearing deposits declined $1.6 billion to $46.2 billion from an expected deal-related decline in trust demand deposits and modest continued disintermediation within commercial and consumer. Excluding broker deposits, average non-interest bearing deposit mix in the third quarter was 30.7%. Interest bearing deposit costs decreased 2 basis points to 2.88%. Continuing on slide 14, non-interest income was $606 million compared to $584 million in the linked quarter. Trust income was $170 million unchanged from the prior quarter with second quarter seasonal tax prep fees of $4 million offset by strong equity market performance and sales performance at ICS. Mortgage fees were $109 million compared to $106 million in the second quarter. Commercial mortgage fees increased $4 million from the linked quarter to $34 million, reflecting an uptick in the origination activity. Service charges increased $5 million to $132 million from both consumer and commercial, mostly related to the number of processing days in the quarter. Other revenues from operations were unchanged at $152 million. Turning to slide 15, non-interest expenses were $1.3 billion, an increase of $6 million from the second quarter. Salary and benefits increased $11 million to $775 million reflecting one additional working day. Deposit insurance decreased $12 million reflecting the prior quarter $5 million incremental special assessment. Other costs from operations increased $12 million to $128 million driven mostly by M&T's obligation under various agreements to share and losses stemming from certain litigation of Visa. The efficiency ratio of 55% was largely unchanged from the second quarter. Let's turn to Slide 16 for credit. Net charge-offs for the quarter were $120 million or 35 basis points down from 41 basis points in the linked quarter. The three largest charge-offs in the quarter totaled $37 million combined with and represented two C&I loans and one office CRE loan. Non-accrual loans decreased $98 million or 5% to $1.9 billion. The non-accrual ratio decreased 8 basis points to 1.42% driven largely by a decrease in CRE non-accruals from upgrades out of non-accrual, as well as several large payoffs and pay downs. In the third quarter, we recorded a provision of $120 million compared to a net charge-off of $120 million. The allowance to loan ratio decreased 1 basis point to 1.62%, as a result of continued improvements in asset quality and improvements in the macroeconomic outlook, partially offset by growth in certain portfolios. Please turn to Slide 17. When we file our Form 10-Q in a few weeks, we estimate that the level of criticized loans will be at $10.9 billion compared to $12.1 billion at the end of June. The improvement from the linked quarter was driven by a $315 million decline in C&I and $830 million decline in CRE criticized balances. Slide 18 provides additional detail on the C&I criticized balances. The largest C&I criticized balance decreases were within the motor vehicle and recreational finance dealers and manufacturing segments with smaller changes across most other industries, the decline within the motor vehicle and recreational finance dealers mostly reflects improvements in debt service coverage ratios and normalizing profit margins within the RV segment. Slide 19 includes the detail on CRE criticized balances. The largest CRE criticized declines were within health care and construction with continued but more modest declines in most other property types, except for office. Within health care, we saw an uptick in repayment activity as improvements in occupancy and rent growth combined with declining long-term rates, allowed for more viable takeouts. A decline in construction criticized was aided by improved project performance and loan modifications and curtailments as borrowers continue to support these projects. The largest factor that drove [Technical Difficulty] versus prior quarters was the amount of upgrades that occurred in the quarter. Turning to Slide 20 for capital. M&T CET1 ratio at the end of the third quarter was an estimated 11.54% compared to 11.45% at the end of the second quarter. The increase was due to continued strong earnings and strong and a $200 million share repurchase in the third quarter. At the end of the third quarter, the negative AOCI impact on the CET1 ratio from available for sale securities and pension-related components combined would be approximately 4 basis points. Now turning to Slide 21 for the outlook. Let's begin with the economic backdrop. The economy remains resilient in the third quarter, with GDP growth expected to come in stronger than we had projected. The labor market has slowed, but remains healthy. Though we see a soft landing scenario as having the highest probability, the possibility remains for a mild recession brought on by lagged impact and rate hikes. The consumer spending has slowed, alleviating inflation pressure for many goods and services. Recently inflation has nearly returned to the Fed's target of 2%. Now turning to the outlook. Our outlook for the full year NII is unchanged from our last update. While the outlook from the full year fees, expenses and net charge-offs is unchanged from the ranges we initially discussed in January and maintained through the year. That said, with three quarters complete we will focus on the outlook for the fourth quarter. We expect taxable equivalent NII to be at least $1.73 billion implying a full year NII near the top end of the range we provided previously. Net interest margin is expected to be in the low 3.60s. Our outlook incorporates the latest forward curve that has an additional 50 basis points in rate cuts by the end of the year. We expect continued loan growth and average total loans of approximately $136 billion with growth in C&I and consumer and lower CRE balances. Total deposits are expected to be at least $160 billion, as we continue to focus on growing core customer deposits. We expect interest-bearing deposit beta of approximately 40% for the first couple of interest rate cuts. Security balances are expected to continue to grow in the fourth quarter. Our outlook for the fourth quarter non-interest income is about $600 million, reflecting continued strength in mortgage and trust partially offset by other fee categories. Fourth quarter expenses including intangible amortization are expected to be about $1.32 billion due to the timing of projects coming online. This reflects continued investment in our key priorities and initiatives are closely managing our expenses. We continue to expect net charge-offs for the full year to be near 40 basis points. Our outlook for the tax rate for the fourth quarter is about 24.25% and the preferred dividends are expected to be approximately $36 million. We plan to continue the $200 million share repurchase in the fourth quarter. To conclude on Slide 22, our results underscore an optimistic investment thesis. M&T has always been a purpose-driven organization, with successful business model that benefits all stakeholders, including shareholders. We have a long track record of credit outperforming through all economic cycles, while growing within the markets we serve. We remain focused on shareholder returns and consistent dividend growth. Finally, we are a disciplined acquirer and prudent steward of shareholder capital. Now let's open the call to questions before which our operator will briefly review instructions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Hi, Daryl, how are you?
Daryl Bible: Great. How are you doing Gerard?
Gerard Cassidy: Good. Thank you. Daryl, over the years, M&T has done a great job in managing their capital and returning excess capital to shareholders. You're pointing out today that your CET1 ratio is a very strong 11.5% and you have the buyback going on again in the fourth quarter. Can you share with us where do you think the CET1 ratio is at an optimal level. And to get there, could you increase the share repurchases as you go forward into 2025? And once we also get the final Basel III end game, so you guys know what to expect.
Daryl Bible: Yes. Thanks, Gerard. First I just want to start with that we have a lot of flexibility when it comes to capital with a CET1 ratio of 11.5%. And we have really no negative impact on the AOCI, and we have strong capital generation. That said, as we continue to move forward into the end of the fourth quarter and into 2025. We will continue to look at the economy. The economy continues to grow now. But if we sign to slow down that could impact potential increases to share repurchase. We have made great progress on our criticized loans, they've come down now two consecutive quarters. We expect fourth quarter to be also a really strong decrease in criticized. And we believe we are at the point now that our CRE exposure is where we want it to be. And we are now, the pipeline is starting to build from that perspective. So I believe in 2025, we'll return more capital to shareholders as long as it plays out, as mentioned what I just talked about. We probably switched dollar amounts and target more of a CET1 ratio. So for example, we might say we'll buy back in 2025, if we want to stay above 11% CET1 ratio and do repurchases and that depends on how much loan growth and RWA growth that we have on the balance sheet. I know 11% is higher than what you would need long term. But we are working on our long-term targets and probably we will have something to say about that in the next quarter or so.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good, and very helpful. And then as a follow-up, and I'm not asking for '25 guidance because I know that won't come until possibly January. But it looks like your net interest income has troughed. It looks like the first quarter based upon Slide 9 that net interest income bottomed and you are gradually growing out net interest income and the margins obviously expanding. If the forward curve is correct, and if the Fed -- and I know these are big ifs, but if the forward curve is correct and the Fed is correct and that it is going to lower the Fed funds rate possibly to 3% to 3.5% by the end of next year, and we get a positive slope in the curve, can you kind of frame out should this growth that you are seeing continue and possibly accelerate in 2025, just based -- aside from growing your balance sheet, but just based on interest rates
Daryl Bible: You start off with a very rosy scenario. Let me just say that our team has worked really hard this past year in '24. And we are really neutral on net interest income and really happy that happened just as the Fed started lowering rates. So we were very fortunate for that. If you look at what's going on, we have really good roll on and roll off rates and a lot of our fixed asset portfolios. I know it is hard for you as analysts to really understand and get that -- those numbers into your models. But if you look at auto and RV, resi mortgage and our investment portfolio, all those continue to reprice positively this quarter. We expect that to continue next quarter and into 2025. So that's a positive for us. Upward sloping curve would enhance that potentially. On the deposit side, I just see it's the strength of our company, Gerard. It is our strong foundation that we have. We have really strong, stable core operating deposits. We are seeing now an initial downward beta of 40%. That's at the higher end of the range that we talked about previously. So that's strong. And when you look at hedging, we know we already have locked in hedges improvements in our swap book that we are going to basically reprice our hedges. If you look at the cash flow hedges, point-to-point, they should go up about 55 basis points and the fair value hedges should go up about 37 basis points, point-to-point in [2025] (ph). That's if rates don't even change. So that's probably very positive from there. So we have a lot of good things going on. Plus, we are growing loans, even when we were shrinking CRE, we were able to eke out loan growth. So our businesses are performing really well, both on the CRE and C&I side, as well as our consumer businesses. So I would say we have positive mix benefit as we move forward, as we continue to grow that. So that gives me a lot of confidence that NII, net interest margin should continue to improve.
Gerard Cassidy: Very, good. Very helpful. Thank you.
Daryl Bible: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Good morning, Daryl.
Daryl Bible: Good morning.
Ebrahim Poonawala: This question on the -- you mentioned the criticized loans decline. I'm just wondering, do we need rates to go much lower for CRE criticized loans to come down over the coming quarters? And could we see a big like step-step decline at some point early next year when you, I don't know, get updated appraisals, financials from these borrowers? And what are the implications? Does it really change your thought process as a result on the 11% CET1 or where the reserve ratio is today at [1.60] (ph)?
Daryl Bible: Yeah, thanks for the question, Ebrahim. You know, what I would tell you is this quarter I pointed out in the prepared remarks, the biggest difference in the third quarter versus the past several quarters is that we actually had a lot of upgrades in our roles. When rates fall, we can have more takeouts and paydowns from that, and that's occurring obviously with rates coming down. But we're getting actually good upgrades now. If you look specifically in our healthcare sector that we had, the operations really started to improve. Their occupancy and rents were more positive and they were cash flowing better and that's really positive. You have to remember that in our criticized book that we have in total, 91% is paying current. So that's really, really good. If you look at our CRE construction book, that also dropped a fair amount. And that was really driven by interest rates and also just stabilization that you're seeing in the marketplace, the projects that we have. One of the strengths M&T has with all of our lending is really the clients that we lend to. We really have really strong client selection, and people are committed to supporting their credits and believe that they're the right things they want to hold on to. And you're seeing that really come through, and you're seeing this now come through as we're starting to get upgrades. The other thing that we saw this quarter is our RV dealers. You know, [three -- had three] (ph) significant RV dealers. They were able to get rid of their excess inventory in 2022, and that really helped from an upgrade perspective. So we have a lot of momentum and criticized. I'm very optimistic. Fourth quarter will continue to be a very strong and continue into 2025. So I think we have momentum there and, you know, probably won't be a direct line down, Ebrahim, but I think the trajectory is definite down. I'm sure we're very positive about that.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Understood. And just maybe, Daryl, so you mentioned drivers of loan growth. You had pretty good C&I growth the last few quarters. Is this still coming through partly driven by the people's acquisition and kind of the footprint you acquired there. And are we done with the runoff in CRE? Could that kind of flatline from here or is that still going to be declining somewhat from third quarter levels?
Daryl Bible: Yeah, so let me start with the CRE first. So our pipelines are building in CRE. We haven't had large pipelines for a while there, so it's going to take us probably a couple quarters for those pipelines to fill up and start seeing it hit on the balance sheet. But we are making really good progress in our CRE portfolio and that gives me confidence as we get into 2025. We won't be shrinking CRE, but we'll be growing CRE, so it's another oar in the water that will give us more momentum from a revenue growth perspective from that. So I think that's very positive. As far as growth this quarter, you know, it was continued growth. I mean, our specialty businesses that we have, corporate and institutional, fund banking, mortgage warehouse franchise, all were really strong growers this quarter. When you saw the quarter play out, we were a little soft in the first part of the quarter, but we finished the quarter really strong. You can see it in end of period loan balances, and we have a lot of momentum going into the fourth quarter. So that's good. When you look at our regions that we have, our middle market, you know, the areas that really are to highlight there are Boston and Baltimore and New Jersey, York, PA, Richmond, Virginia. All those continue to progress and go really be positive. So I would say we have good momentum on the lending side and feel good about the revenue projections that we have.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. And just one follow-up on the previous response we get to Gerard. If we don't get a rate cut in the fourth quarter in November, December or at least one of those, does that change your outlook on the NII NIM from here?
Daryl Bible: Everything I said going through that list, Ebrahim was structural that's going on in our balance sheet that has no impact on interest rates. So I feel comfortable that we are going up if rates stay flat or if they actually go up or down. We're relatively neutral from an interest rate risk percentage, and it is hard to be exact, but we are as neutral as you can be with the balance sheet and the complexities that you have. So I feel good that we have an upward trajectory on margin and net interest income.
Ebrahim Poonawala: That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Manan Gosalia with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Manan Gosalia: Hi, good morning Daryl.
Daryl Bible: Good morning.
Manan Gosalia: So I wanted to ask on deposit beta. I think you noted that you assuming a 40% deposit beta in 4Q. Now deposit betas on the way up or closer to the mid-50s if I recall correctly. So do you expect that betas will accelerate from 4Q, as you go into next year and as we see more rate cuts and get closer to the betas that you saw on the way up?
Daryl Bible: Yes. I think of it maybe it's my simple mind or whatever, but I think that if our betas went up, I think we peaked at about 55% on the way down, we will probably end up at 55% at some point. It's really the pace and how quickly you get there. But I felt really good about what we've been able to do at the end of September. And feel good that we'll have a good -- at least a 40% beta repricing down in the fourth quarter. And that hopefully will continue to move forward as we get into 2025. But all things being equal, I don't think we are going back to where we were, but I feel very positive that our businesses are lowering rates. There was a lot of good planning that we had in the company. Our treasury team with all the businesses worked really hard to come up with good strategies and really good implementation, and we've tested that and feel really good at where we are headed.
Manan Gosalia: Got it. And then just on -- in terms of the loan growth you were just speaking about, as we get into next year, I mean it sounds like loan growth will accelerate as you start to build that -- the CRE loans. In terms of funding that loan growth, do you expect to grow deposits in-line with loan growth next year? Or is there room to bring down the cash balances? I noticed that they didn't go down that much this quarter. Is there some room to utilize cash balances and maybe grow deposits a little bit slower next year?
Daryl Bible: Hi, Manan, I'm a big believer that we want to operate the company basically being always on. When I say always on, what that means is we are always out there trying to get deposits from all of our customers. We won't pay the highest rates, we won't pay the lowest rates, but we'll always be out there asking for deposits. We've had four consecutive quarters of customer growth in deposits. We will continue to focus on growing customer deposits. I think it is important if you think of [a boat] (ph), if you're growing loans, you need to grow deposits so you don't go in a circle and all that. So you need to continue to move going forward. I would actually like to grow deposits faster than loans, to be honest with you and continue to shrink some of our non-core funding, if that's able -- if we are able to do that.
Manan Gosalia: Got it. So it sounds like that core deposits continue to grow, you pay down some of the non-core funding. And would the securities balances grow as well as you move away from cash? Or would you expect to stay at this level of cash?
Daryl Bible: If you look at where we are right now, we have about $59 billion between the two. We are putting more money into the investment portfolio. Again, we've been very methodical all year and increasing our investment portfolio increases, and that's played out really well for us. You saw we had nice increases will probably be in the [3.90s] (ph) towards the end of the year, early first quarter and 4% sometime in 2025 from a yield perspective. So we will continue to grow our investment portfolio. We have $1 billion in maturing in the fourth quarter. We will probably invest $3 billion in the fourth quarter, and then we'll re-evaluate and see how '25 plays out. From a cash at the Fed perspective we probably will operate with cash at Fed. No at $20 billion, we won't probably go much lower than that. But I think we just have a lot of flexibility where we are right now. Right now, we are sitting on about $25-plus billion at the Fed. So we got a lot of flexibility.
Manan Gosalia : Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Christopher Spahr with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Chris Spahr: Thank you. Good morning. So just a question on the loan period -- can you hear me better now? Or is it still bad?
Daryl Bible: I can now, yes.
Chris Spahr: Okay. Sorry about that. Just for the loans in the fourth quarter relative to period end of $136 billion, just is there upside to that if CRE stabilizes? Or do you see some more -- some a little bit more runoff and paydowns in that portfolio and then stabilizing into 2025.
Daryl Bible: Yes. I think you are going to see runoff in CRE for at least a couple more quarters. First quarter, for sure -- fourth quarter, first quarter, maybe second quarter, it depends on how quickly our pipelines build and what type of loans that we are making, whether it is permanent or construction loans from that perspective. But we are kind of going to operate with about 20% of our loan book being in CRE is kind of the mix that we're going to have moving forward from that projection. So it is pipelines are building, and Peter and his team will do a great job and try to meet the needs of our clients and communities as we move forward. So -- but we'll do it the right way, but I wouldn't expect CRE balances to grow until mid-next year conservatively.
Chris Spahr: Okay. And then during the quarter, you said that 200 basis points lower in rates could actually effectively wipe out the criticized loans in the CRE. Do I have that correct? And if so, then just kind of getting back to the earlier questions, like the timing -- is it that last [Technical Difficulty].
Daryl Bible: Yes, I didn’t get the last part of your question. Yeah, so, I got the first part, I didn’t get the last part Chris.
Chris Spahr: Sure. Apologies about the connection. Just what's the timing of that of the -- if you do get 200 basis points lower in the curve, what's the timing for the benefits on the criticized CRE.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So we have a good downward trajectory and criticized. I don't like to use the word wipe out. I don't think that's appropriate. We have a long-term history Chris, of working with our clients and staying with them when things are stressful and we will continue to do that as long as they support their loans that I will. So we are always going to have some criticized loans -- that's just who we are – it’s in our DNA. It also makes our clients very loyal to us. So that's going to continue from that perspective. But I do feel really good fourth quarter trajectory down. I do believe that we will continue with a good trajectory down in 2025 and all that. But we aren't going to wipe out the criticized balances.
Chris Spahr: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Dave Rochester with Compass Point. Please go ahead.
Dave Rochester: Very good morning guys. Nice quarter.
Daryl Bible: Thank you.
Dave Rochester: On the deposit front, I appreciate the outlook on the beta that 40% you mentioned. I was curious on what your thoughts were on the noninterest-bearing deposit piece, as a part of that deposit outlook. I know you are still running off broker deposits, so that's a part of that decline that you've been talking about for 4Q. But are you factoring in a little bit more runoff the noninterest-bearing side within that? And can you talk about how close we are to a drop in those deposits?
Daryl Bible: So when you look at our non-interest bearing, I would say that the commercial and consumer side is really slowed down significantly. There might be a little bit of disintermediation that occurs, but I wouldn't say very much as we move forward. I think what you have though, in our non-interest bearing is just a function of who we are is that we have balances from our ICS business. And those balances tend to be volatile. And sometimes, you see swings of that going back and forth. We will try to point those out and all that, but you are going to have some volatility with that. But I think for the most part, what we said several quarters ago that we thought we would average around 30% noninterest-bearing, I think that's playing out when you exclude our broker deposits from that perspective. So I feel really good from a noninterest-bearing perspective. I think the thing as you look forward, the value of free deposits as rates come down, it is less, so we have to work harder to keep our interest rate spreads and margins higher just because you aren't getting as much benefit from the noninterest-bearing. And we are aware of that. We are definitely key into how that plays out.
Dave Rochester: Okay. Great. Just switching to loan growth. I appreciate all the color you gave on the drivers for 3Q. I think you mentioned those more specialty lines and the middle market utilization was actually down a little bit. When do you expect that utilization to start to move up more meaningfully? I mean, if you could just talk about the competitive landscape within C&I overall, that would be great.
Daryl Bible: Yes. Well, within commercial, we did have the increase, like I said in our dealer services. It seems like there is more -- a lot more cars on the lots now, which is driving that utilization up. But net-net is still down. Some of it could be post-election. That's what people seem to be defaulting to when you talk to clients in the marketplaces. And in the markets that we serve, we have a lot of good things going on in the market places, and I think there will be a lot of growth needs over time. It is just a matter of when that will happen. It is hard to actually pin that down, to be honest with you today. But we are working as hard as we can and we are there for our clients when they need us. If you look at lines, our lines can actually continue to grow. So we are actually making more lines available for our clients. So we are growing our customers and accounts from that perspective and eventually, they will start to draw on them.
Dave Rochester: Great. Thank you.
Daryl Bible: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Frank Schiraldi with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Frank Schiraldi: Good morning Daryl.
Daryl Bible: Good morning Frank.
Frank Schiraldi: I know, I guess just one last one on loan growth. I mean I know there is a lot of moving parts here. You mentioned the $136 billion in average for next quarter which would be sort of 1% growth linked quarter. Do you think that's a pretty good bogey even going forward from there as you talk about pipelines building, maybe [CRE] (ph) has a couple of more quarters to trough. Is that a decent bogey? Or do you think you could see quarterly growth, maybe even accelerate from that sort of 1% linked quarter unannualized number.
Daryl Bible: We are still in the midst of our planning season for 2025 Frank, I would love to tell you that answer right now. I would say, it is anywhere to maybe a little bit less than 1% continuously to maybe a little bit more than 1%, 1% might be an average, give or take. I – we are going to do the right thing to support our customers and the communities. That's the most important thing we do from that. We are very selective in the customers that we do business with from that. But -- that said -- we will get as much growth as we think is prudent out in the marketplace. We aren't going to stretch or change our credit levels and all that. So we'll just see how it plays out, but I'll give you more color on that next earnings call.
Frank Schiraldi: Okay. Fair enough. And then you also talked about the repricing of the back book. And I think you just mentioned kind of -- on the security side where you think yields could get to. If we -- just for modeling purposes, we think about the loan book repricing, you set aside rate movements for a minute, and just any sort of color you can give in terms of where we sit now with rates where they are currently, what you are seeing or what the sort of pickup is on a quarterly basis on loan yields from the repricing of the back book?
Daryl Bible: Yes. So I will give you a high level of what we are seeing on this past quarter. So when you look at our C&I portfolio, and we'll look at -- these are all fixed rate loan categories. The C&I fixed rate loan is averaging up about 1% on what's rolling-off, rolling-on. The CRE is averaging up about 1.3%. Mortgage is averaging about little over 2%, consumers at about 1.4%. Net-net, if you blend that all together of all the fixed rate loans rolling on, rolling off, it's around 150 basis point benefit.
Frank Schiraldi: Great. Okay. Thanks for the color.
Daryl Bible: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning Daryl.
Daryl Bible: Good morning John. In terms of expenses, I mean you put up some pretty good operating leverage this quarter. It looks like your outlook implies some continued positive operating leverage near-term. Could you give us your thoughts as you look into 2025, what type of acceleration in that positive operating leverage is possible I believe right now -- the Street is looking at about 150 to 200 basis points positive operating leverage for you guys as we look into the full year '25. Curious on your thoughts on what you believe is achievable.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So we are still putting 2025 together. I do believe we will have positive operating leverage for 2025. Whether we are 150 or 200, I think you're in the neighborhood of where plan will end out, but we are on 100% have kind of figured out and everybody's agreed to it, but we will get there. I feel very confident we will get there from that. If you look at the expenses that we guided, they were up a little bit in the fourth quarter. It is mainly due to projects that we have. We have a fair amount of projects going on in the company, and we are making a lot of progress. We do have an increase there. The other thing that we are doing is -- we've had a pretty good year from a performance perspective, both financially. We made good progress on our asset quality and good loan and deposit growth and just improving and getting good some of our priorities accomplished. So we actually are increasing our corporate-wide incentives in the fourth quarter for payout for everybody for a good year. That said, I still feel that 2025 is going to be a better year than 2024 to be honest with you. We continue to have a lot more work to do and make progress. But we have a lot of positive momentum now and need to reward the people that are making it happen in the company and feel good about that.
John Pancari: Great. All right. Thank you. That's helpful. And then on the credit side, your loan loss reserve ratio as a percentage of loans ticked down a bit or so this quarter, I guess around 162 basis points where it stands now. Where do you see that trending here? You cited the expected decline and criticized that you will see in the quarter and then a pretty good trajectory there. Fair to assume continued modest decline here in that ratio? Is that fair to assume as you look out?
Daryl Bible: Yes. I think when you look at it, this past quarter we had some good macro factor positives with creepy being much more positive and that helped drive and downward drop in criticized, which is good. I think as you look forward though, we are growing all of our lending categories, so you have a mix change that you're seeing occur in the balance sheet. And that mix change is more heavy on the consumer side. Consumers definitely have for the most part, higher overall spreads and yields, but they also come with higher net charge-offs. So you are seeing a mix change. So right now, it's we're feeling really good where we are operating right now around 40%. Could it be a little lower than that maybe. Could it be a little bit higher than that possibly. It really depends on how quick that mix change happens. We look at it. I have obviously from a net overall spread and making sure we are getting good returns on the assets that we are putting on our balance sheet. So it is a good capital use for our shareholders. So we think we are doing the right thing from that perspective. But I think it is the mix shift that could potentially play out over the next couple of years of having just a little bit higher charge-off company, as we get a little bit more diversified. John, we are really trying to be a much more diversified company, not so much 100% relying on CRE. We never were 100%, but really try to have much more diversification. So we’ve strong consumer businesses, C&I businesses, as well as CRE businesses and a lot of great fee businesses like ICS, and wealth out in the marketplace. So we are really -- I mean if you look at all the things that we present at the investors and all that, it is really talking more of a diversified company as we move forward.
John Pancari: Thanks Daryl. Very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Nathan Stein: Hi, all. This is Nathan Stein on behalf of Matt O'Connor. I wanted to ask about the NIM trajectory given it's -- it came in strong this quarter at 3.62% and you expect it to be low 3.60s next quarter. So this is above your prior guide to be in the high 3.50s in the second half of the year. In September, I think you said a 3.60 range NIM makes sense for next year. Have your thoughts changed regarding the NIM trajectory given how strong it is been to-date?
Daryl Bible: So what I would tell you is that I think we feel comfortable in the low 3.60s for fourth quarter margin, and we will give you a 25% guidance in January when we do our next earnings call that we're really positive about the momentum we have, good repricing and reactivity on the deposit side. It’s really going well and good roll on and roll off rates on our fixed rate loan assets as well. So I think, we have a lot of positive momentum.
Nathan Stein: Okay. Great. And then kind of a nuanced question, but other revenue was in-line with 2Q levels. And I think you previously suggested it would come down a bit on lower syndication revenues and interchange fees. Did those come in a bit better than you had expected? Or was it something else that kind of helps these? And then how do you expect this fee line to trend going forward?
Daryl Bible: Yes. I would say that within the other, the two largest categories are loan syndications and merchant and card fees. Those tend to be going very well, and that's really what drives that other category or those two line items for the most part.
Nathan Stein: Thank you.
Daryl Bible : All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Zach Westerlind with UBS. Please go ahead.
Zach Westerlind: Good morning. This is Zack on for Erika. I just had a quick follow-up on the expense question. I know you mentioned that there were some projects that are going to hit in the fourth quarter. Can you just clarify if those are kind of one-time type projects? Or is that expected to stay in the run rate?
Daryl Bible: It is a mix, Zack. Some of the things that come online, like our new data centers that we are putting on are coming online fourth quarter, that's going to be in run rate. We also have some project expenses that we have that are more being expensed in the fourth quarter from that. So it is really a mix that we have there. We will give you '25 guidance in January and give you good projections. But like I said, I think we are going to have good strong positive operating leverage in 2025, so I feel good about that, and we will give you more specifics as we get in January.
Zach Westerlind: Helpful. Appreciate that. And then just on the credit front. Clearly, you guys have made a bunch of progress with better net charge-offs trending down, credit quality trends looking pretty good. Can you just remind us how you think about through-the-cycle charge-off number if you are able to kind of share your thoughts around that?
Daryl Bible: So if you look historically or through the cycle charge-off is 34 basis points. But what I said on an earlier question, is that the mix of our loan portfolio is changing. And as that portfolio mix changes having more consumer as a percentage of total loans that will drive higher just allowance balances. It is still good. We look at it to make sure that we have a good net spread on those loans, good capital return on the loans that we are making there. So it is nothing to be concerned about. It is just that it is a mix change that you have as we continue to be a more diversified company moving forward.
Zach Westerlind: Got it. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Brian Klock for any additional or closing remarks.
Brian Klock: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, if clarification of any of the items in the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department at area code (716)-842-5138. Thank you and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the M&T Bank third quarter 2024 earnings conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a great day.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-18 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the M&T Bank Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute -- listen-only mode, and the floor will be open for your questions following the presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. And I would now like to hand the conference over to Brian Klock, Head of Market and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Brian Klock: Thank you, Ashley, and good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's second quarter 2024 earnings conference call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules by going to our website, www.mtb.com. Once there, you can click on the Investor Relations link and then on the Events and Presentations link. Also before we start, I'd like to mention that today's presentation may contain forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information are included in today's earnings release materials and in the investor presentation, as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. The presentation also includes non-GAAP financial measures as identified in the earnings release and investor presentation. The appropriate reconciliations to GAAP are included in the appendix. Joining me on the call this morning is M&T's Senior Executive Vice President and CFO, Daryl Bible. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Daryl.
Daryl Bible: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. As you will hear on today's call, the second quarter results continue M&T's strong momentum for 2024. Turning to Slide 4, this April, we released our fourth annual sustainability report. We are proud of our continued progress towards our sustainability goals. Our efforts are creating positive outcomes for our businesses, our customers and our communities. Of note, in 2023, our total sustainability finance loans and investments totaled $3.1 billion. Turning to Slide 5, we continue to garner awards for our businesses, products and employees, including the highest customer satisfaction for mobile banking apps among regional banks according to J.D. Power and the Securitization Trustee of the Year for Wilmington Trust from GlobalCapital. Turning to Slide 7, which shows the results for the second quarter. As noted in this morning's press release, we are pleased with the second quarter results and the performance through the first half of the year. We continue to grow loans, while also shifting the composition of our loan portfolio and reducing CRE. Customer deposits increased sequentially, while total deposit costs have leveled off. Net interest income and net interest margin both inflected off the first quarter cyclical low. Asset quality trends are performing as expected with reductions in non-accrual and criticized balances and net charge-offs in-line with our full-year outlook. Capital continues to build with the CET1 ratio increasing to over 11.4%. We continue to make progress on our capital return considerations, and our stressed capital buffer decreased 20 basis points to 3.8%, reflecting the strength of our core earnings power and ongoing risk management work. Now, let's look at the specifics for the second quarter. Diluted GAAP earnings per share were $3.73 for the second quarter, improved from $3.02 in the first quarter. Net income for the quarter was $655 million compared to $531 million in the linked quarter, an increase of 23%. M&T's second quarter results produced an ROA and ROCE of 1.24% and 9.95%, respectively. The CET1 ratio remains strong, growing to 11.44% at the end of the second quarter, and tangible book value per share grew 3%. Included in our GAAP results for the recent quarter were pre-tax expenses of $5 million related to the FDIC special assessment. This amounts to $4 billion after tax or $0.02 per share. As a reminder, results for this year's first quarter included $29 million related to the FDIC special assessment, amounting to $22 million after-tax effect or $0.13 per share. Slide 8 includes supplemental reporting of M&T's results on a net operating or tangible basis from which we have only ever excluded the after-tax effect of the amortization of intangible assets, as well as any gains or expenses associated with mergers and acquisitions. M&T's net operating income for the second quarter was $665 million compared to $543 million in the linked quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per share were $3.79 for the recent quarter, up from $3.09 in the first quarter. Net operating income yielded an ROTA and an ROTCE of 1.31% and 15.27% for the recent quarter. Next, let's look a little deeper into the underlying trends that generated our second quarter results. Please turn to Slide 9. Taxable-equivalent net interest income was $1.73 billion in the second quarter, an increase of $39 million or 2% from the linked quarter. Net interest margin was 3.59%, an increase of 7 basis points from the first quarter. The primary drivers for the increase to the margin were a positive 6 basis points from fixed-rate asset repricing, primarily within the investment and consumer loan portfolios, positive 5 basis points from sequentially higher non-accrual interest, positive 1 basis point from lower interest-bearing deposit costs, partially offset by a negative 3 basis points from the impact of swaps and a negative 2 basis points from higher borrowing costs and balances. The second quarter included non-accrual interest of $30 million compared to an average of $14 million in the prior five quarters. If non-accrual interest was at the average run rate, the second quarter NIM would have been 3.56%. In total, swaps reduced NIM by 23 basis points in the second quarter. Turning to Slide 11 to talk about average loans. Average loans and leases increased 1% to $134.6 billion compared to the linked quarter. As have been the trend for the last several quarters, C&I and consumer growth outpaced the decline in CRE. C&I loans grew 2% to $58.1 billion, driven by increases in middle market, dealer commercial services, mortgage warehouse lending and fund banking. The C&I growth reflects an increase in line utilization and higher origination activity. CRE loans declined 4% to $31.5 billion, reflecting continued low originations and elevated paydowns as we continue to manage our CRE concentration. Residential mortgage loans were relatively unchanged at $23 billion. Consumer loans grew 4% to $22 billion, reflecting growth in recreational finance and indirect auto loans. Loan yields increased 6 basis points to 6.38%, aided by sequentially higher non-accrual interest and fixed-rate loan repricing, partially offset by a higher drag on our cash flow hedges. Turning to Slide 12, our liquidity remains strong. At the end of the second quarter, investment securities and cash, including cash held at the Fed, totaled $56.5 billion, representing 27% of total assets. Average investment securities increased by $1.1 billion. The yield on the investment securities increased 31 basis points to 3.61%, as the yield on new purchases exceeded the yield on maturing securities. During the second quarter, we purchased over $3 billion in securities, with an average yield of 5.16% and a duration of 2.9 years. Over the remainder of the year, we expect an additional $2.8 billion in security maturities, with an average yield of 2.5%, which we intend to reinvest at higher yields. The duration of the investment portfolio at the end of the quarter was 3.7 years and the unrealized pre-tax loss on AFS portfolio was only $239 million or 12 basis point drag on CET1. Turning to Slide 13, we remain focused on growing customer deposits and are pleased with the stabilization of our yields. Average total deposits declined $0.6 billion or less than 0.5% to $163.5 billion, reflecting sequential growth in average customer deposits offset by a $1.2 billion decline in broker deposits. Average broker deposits of $12 billion reflects the decision to shrink non-customer funding sources. Consumer, mortgage, business banking and institutional finance had stable to growing average deposits compared to the first quarter, while commercial deposits declined. Average noninterest-bearing deposits declined $0.9 billion to $47.7 billion, with lower commercial and business banking balances as a result of seasonally and continued but moderating disintermediation. Noninterest-bearing deposits were relatively stable for all other business lines. Excluding broker deposits, the noninterest-bearing deposit mix in the second quarter was 31.5% compared to 32.2% in the first quarter. Interest-bearing deposit costs decreased 3 basis points to 2.9%, while the total deposit cost was unchanged at 2.06%. This reflects more rational pricing in our markets. Continuing on Slide 14, noninterest income was $584 million compared to $580 million in the linked quarter. Recall that the first quarter included $25 million Bayview distribution. Trust income increased $10 million and $170 million, reflecting approximately $4 million in seasonally tax preparation fees typically earned in the second quarter and strong sales performance across our institutional services business. Second quarter mortgage fees were $106 million compared to $104 million in the first quarter. Commercial mortgage fees increased $4 million from the linked quarter to $30 million, reflecting an uptick in origination activity, while our residential mortgage fees decreased $2 million to $76 million, reflecting lower servicing fees. Service charges increased $3 million to $127 million from higher consumer debit interchange fees. Other revenues from operation were unchanged at $152 million, with increases in merchant discount, credit card, letter of credit and other credit-related fees, offsetting the $25 million first quarter BLG distribution. Security losses of $8 million primarily reflect realized losses on the sale of non-agency securities as we derisked our portfolio. Turning to Slide 15, noninterest expenses were $1.3 billion, a decrease of $99 million from the first quarter. As is typical for M&T's first quarter results, expenses in the quarter included approximately $99 million of seasonally higher compensation costs. Salaries and benefits decreased $69 million to $764 million, reflecting seasonally elevated expenses in the first quarter, offset by the full quarter impact of annual merit increases. The second quarter included $5 million related to the FDIC special assessment compared to $29 million in the prior quarter. Other cost of operations decreased $18 million to $116 million from lower supplemental executive retirement costs and lower losses on lease terminations. The adjusted efficiency ratio, excluding the impact of the FDIC special assessment, was 55.1% compared to 59.6% in the first quarter. Next, let's turn to Slide 16 for credit. Net charge-offs for the quarter totaled $137 million or 41 basis points, down from 42 basis points in the linked quarter. The three largest charge-offs were $40 million combined and represent C&I loans that span industries including services, manufacturing and retail. The CRE charge-offs, including charge offs within the office portfolio, remain at manageable levels through the first half of the year. Non-accrual loans decreased $278 million to $2 billion. The non-accrual ratio decreased 21 basis points to 1.5%, driven largely by a decrease in CRE, reflecting favorable resolutions with borrowers including payoffs and paydowns. In the second quarter, we recorded a provision of $150 million compared to net charge offs of $137 million. The allowance to loan ratio increased 1 basis point to 1.63%. The provision for credit losses decreased $50 million compared to the first quarter, reflecting lower CRE loans, including criticized loans, and modest improvement in forecasted real estate prices, partially offset by growth in C&I and consumer portfolios. Please turn to Slide 17. When we file our Form 10 Q in a few weeks, we estimate that the level of criticized loans will be $12.1 billion compared to $12.9 billion at the end of March. The improvement for the linked quarter was largely driven by $987 million decrease in CRE criticized loans. Slide 18 provides additional detail on C&I criticized balances. Total C&I criticized balances increased $98 million. The majority of the increase is concentrated within vehicle and recreational finance dealers and healthcare sectors, offset by declines in most other industries. We saw additional migration to criticized within non-auto dealer portfolio, continuation from trends we discussed in the first quarter. However, there has been limited incremental migration within the portfolio since early in second quarter. Turning to Slide 19 includes a detail on CRE criticized balances. Total CRE criticized balances decreased $987 million from the last quarter. Upgrades and payoffs of criticized loans outpaced downgrades into criticized. The decline was across multifamily, retail, health services, hotel and construction, but we did see modest increases in office and industrial. The decrease reflects the effects to work with borrowers to find favorable resolutions. We are actively working through our criticized population for favorable outcomes. Turning to Slide 20 for capital. M&T CET1 ratio at the end of the second quarter was an estimated 11.44% compared to 11.08% at the end of the first quarter. The increase was due in part to the continued pause in repurchasing shares and capital -- and strong capital generation. At the end of the second quarter, the negative AOCI impact on the CET1 ratio from AFS securities and pension-related components would be approximately 19 basis points. Now turning to Slide 20 for outlook. The economy is slowing a bit, but remains in good health. Job growth, wage growth and spending have slowed to more sustainable levels. We see the so-called soft landing scenario as having the highest probability, but the possibility remains for a mild recession brought on by the lagged impact of rate hikes. Consumer spending has slowed to a pace consistent with job and wage growth, alleviating inflation pressure for many goods and services. The labor market remains positive, but has clearly slowed, in turn keeping a lid on wage pressure and leading to longer spells of unemployment. We expect that to continue for the rest of 2024. Inflation figures remain above the Fed's target of 2%, chiefly because of rents and home prices. We expect the weaknesses seen in rent listings to play through the official inflation data, helping bring the headline inflation figures down. Inflation in the second quarter slowed and encouraging development after higher readings in the first quarter. Shifting to the 2024 outlook. We expect net interest income to be $6.85 billion to $6.9 billion. Our outlook incorporates the latest forward curve that has one rate cut in September and another in December. However, we expect the level of rates to have a limited direct effect on net interest income outlook, as we have taken steps to reduce our asset sensitivity and are now more neutral. Higher for longer rates in the first half of the year allowed us to take additional actions to protect NII from lower interest rate environment. For example, in the first half of the year, we shifted $3 billion of cash into securities and added $5 billion in forward starting cash flow hedges, which became active in 2025. During -- or further, we expect that the downside in interest-bearing deposit beta will be approximately 30% to 40% in the first couple of rate cuts. For the remainder of the year, M&T's balance sheet will be smaller, with total average assets closer to $208 billion. We expect average cash to be approximately $25 billion and securities to be $30 billion with modest growth in loans and deposits. Our outlook for fees and expenses is unchanged, with fees excluding any security gains or losses of $2.3 billion to $2.4 billion, and expenses excluding the amounts related to the FDIC special assessment are expected to be $5.25 billion to $5.3 billion. We continue to expect charge-offs for the full year to be near 40 basis points. The allowance level will be dependent on many factors, including changes in the macroeconomic outlook, portfolio mix and underlying asset quality. Our outlook for the tax rate is 24% to 24.5%, exclude the discrete tax benefit in the first quarter. Preferred dividends are expected to be approximately $47 million in the third quarter and $36 million in the fourth quarter, reflecting our Series J issuance in May and the upcoming Series E redemption in August. Finally, as it relates to capital. Last quarter, we laid out five factors for consideration as we assess our capital return plans for the rest of the year. The macroeconomic environment remains healthy. M&T continues to generate significant capital, with the bank growing tangible common equity by over $500 million in the second quarter. We continue to manage our CRE concentration, with CRE as a percent of Tier 1 capital and allowance of 151% as of the end of the second quarter. Asset quality continues to improve with declines in non-accrual and criticized loans and net charge-offs in-line with expectations we laid out in the first quarter. M&T's preliminary stress capital buffer declined 20 basis points to 3.8%, reflecting many of the factors just mentioned. Given the improvements in these factors, we plan to begin our share repurchase in the third quarter at a pace of $200 million per quarter through the end of the year. We expect to maintain our capital ratios at least at the current levels for the remainder of the year. We will continue to monitor the previously discussed factors as well as the revised Basel III proposal once made public and will adjust our capital return plans if necessary. Our capital will also be used to support organic growth and grow new customer relationships. Our strong balance sheet will continue to differentiate us with our clients, communities, regulators, investors and rating agencies. To conclude on Slide 22, our results underscore an optimistic investment thesis. M&T has always been a purpose-driven organization with a successful business model that benefits all stakeholders, including shareholders. We have a long track record of credit outperforming through all economic cycles, while growing within the markets we serve. We remain focused on shareholder returns and consistent dividend growth. Finally, we are a disciplined acquirer and prudent steward of shareholder capital. Now, let's open up the questions before which Ashley will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Manan Gosalia with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Manan Gosalia: Hey, good morning, Daryl.
Daryl Bible: Good morning, Manan.
Manan Gosalia: So, I wanted to ask on NII. So, you beat on NII this quarter, and then your new guide for NII implies that quarterly NII will be relatively flat from 2Q levels. And you did see a noticeable increase quarter-on-quarter this quarter in NII. So, can you just unpack the drivers in the back half? Is there some conservatism baked in there? Or is there some timing difference in being neutral to rates, but maybe perhaps being a little bit more asset sensitive with the first rate cuts? If you can just unpack those drivers there?
Daryl Bible: Yeah. Thanks, Manan. Our position from rate sensitivity is really quite neutral. It's based on assumptions, but I feel we are really neutral there. If you look on the slide deck where we had net interest income, in one of the bullets there, we highlight that we had a 5 basis point positive impact on non-accrual interest. So, let me explain that to you. So, when our loans go into non-accrual, we basically when we still receive payments, both principal and interest, all that goes to principal. And then, if the loan is basically resolved favorably and they pay us off, obviously, we pay off the principal balance and then anything left over goes into net interest income. So, what we saw in the second quarter was basically a large amount of loans that basically came out favorably out of our non-accrual portfolio. So, what we put on there and what I talked about in the prepared remarks is that if you look at our average non-accrual interest for the last five quarters, it's been running around $15 million. This quarter, we got double that. So, I would basically say our NIM this quarter was actually on track, because if you adjust the $15 million out, we were at [5.56%] (ph) NIM. And I said that we would be mid-3.50%s for the second quarter. So, we're really on path to what I said, mid-3.50%s second quarter and high-3.50%s for third and fourth quarter is really where we wanted to be and expect to be. So, I think we're just on track, Manan.
Manan Gosalia: Got it. And just to confirm that 5 basis points is where you are above normal, right? The 5 basis points isn't the total impact?
Daryl Bible: It's 3 is what I would say would be normal to the run rate. Yes, so -- go ahead.
Manan Gosalia: And you are 5 basis points above that?
Daryl Bible: No, we were at 3. So, we were 3.52%. We said we'd be in the mid-3.50%s. I say we really came in at 3.56% if you back out the extra above non-accrual interest that we normally get. I mean, we're going to get non-accrual interest every quarter. We've been averaging a couple of basis point benefit every quarter because of that. That's going to continue for a long time.
Manan Gosalia: Got it. All right. Perfect. And then maybe you can put this in the category of no good deed goes unpunished, but on the buyback resumption, your message in the deck is that capital levels should at least stay at current levels of around 11.5%. Just given that the SCB went lower, given the excess capital position, what do you need to see before you accelerate the pace of buybacks and bring that capital ratio lower?
Daryl Bible: Yeah. I think it's pretty simple. I think we are aggressively working down our asset quality, our criticized loans, non-performing assets. I think we need to continue to make progress on that. As we make progress on that, you could see us decide to increase our repurchase shares potentially. Obviously, the economy is a factor. In my prepared remarks, we said we don't think it's likely, but it's possible that maybe you go into recession. So, if that were to happen, I think we'd have to view that and just be a little bit more defensive if that made sense or not. We still want to see the impacts of Basel III. I know we are carrying in more favorable things, but until we actually see it in writing, you really don't know what's going on. But those are probably the primary things that we're working on. We continue to shrink our CRE concentration, made great progress there. I have no doubt we will continue to make great progress in the next couple of quarters as well there.
Manan Gosalia: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning. I was hoping if you could elaborate on...
Daryl Bible: Good morning, Matt.
Matt O'Connor: ...good morning, the big drop in the commercial real estate on a period-end basis. I think it's down about 9%. Obviously, great job bringing that down. And I know you touched on some of the kind of opportunities to offload that, but it's just a bigger drop than I would have thought. And I didn't know if there was any reclass into C&I as you kind of improve some of those like guarantees and things like that. So, just elaborate on all that in terms of how you're able to bring it down so much. Thank you.
Daryl Bible: Yeah. No, happy to answer that, Matt. So, we are very focused and working really hard both the first line and second line and working hard and made tremendous progress in bringing our CRE concentration numbers down. We did see a lot more liquidity in the marketplace this quarter. And we were able to see some of our clients that we had actually and criticized multifamily be able to do government placements out into the marketplace for liquidity. So, as we continue to have that liquidity, that helps us basically cure some of our criticized loan balances. The other thing that I would tell you is that we are doing a finance transformation. Finance transformation is basically putting in new general ledger system, subledgers, which we are doing really well and we're about halfway through that process now, but it's also improving and changing processes. So, as we improve and change processes, we are putting in better controls and more ways of actually how we put loans on the books. And that is causing some grading to go from what CRE would be into C&I owner occupied, because it really comes down to the source of repayment. Source of repayment is -- from an operating entity, it's basically not a CRE loan, it is a C&I owner occupied loan.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. That makes sense. I think that's how others do that, too. And then, just separately, on the all other income line, you pointed to a couple of kind of positives there. Is that on a sustainable level? Or I know it could be lumpy, but how do you think about that all other fees of like $152 million? Thanks.
Daryl Bible: It is at a relatively high level. I'd probably trim maybe 5% or 10% out of that potentially on a run rate, but it's -- a lot of that other revenue that we talked about is the merchant fees and we had good quarter there and more activity. That could continue as we continue to have activity. The other is on loan demand and we're having loan syndication fees and all that, and that's going to be lumpy. We had a good quarter this past quarter in that area. We are seeing maybe a little bit of softening in some of the commercial areas, so it might be a little light. But yes, I'd say, at that same level to maybe down 5% or 10%.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Erika Najarian with UBS. Please go ahead.
Erika Najarian: Yes, hi. Two follow-up questions, please. Daryl, the company clearly did a great job in terms of interest-bearing deposit costs coming down. I know some of that is a mix of broker being actively taking down in terms of exposure. Could you give us a sense before the rate cuts? And we appreciate the downside beta guide that you gave us, but if we don't rate cuts, how do you feel like this level of progress is sustainable? And maybe break it down in terms of what you're observing with client deposit rates versus the continued runoff in brokered CDs?
Daryl Bible: Yes. So, brokered CDs will continue to run off. We have another big chunk coming off in third and fourth quarter. So, we'll be pretty much out of brokered deposit CDs at least by the end of the year. As far as the betas go and rates, we continue to just see more rational pricing in the marketplace and we're able to maybe offer specials, but the specials that we're offering just aren't as high as what they were before. So, you're still seeing that. There is still some disintermediation. It is slowing down, but there's still continued disintermediation. The one that impacts NII the most is obviously the one that goes to DDA to interest-bearing deposit balances. We're capturing any disintermediation, but it's still seeing a little bit in the commercial area. The other thing is on the retail side, as long as rates are at this level, you're going to see a little bit of attraction of money going out of the non-maturity bucket into the CD deposits. But we feel pretty good that our deposit costs are flat and maybe down as the year progresses and into next year. I think it's just more rational pricing in the marketplace right now.
Erika Najarian: Thank you. And my second question is a follow-up to Manan. So, last quarter and during the quarter, I think you guys are telling us, oh, don't back into this 11% CET1 when thinking about buybacks, listen to what we're saying on the total amount of what we're buying back. And then, of course, you had a pretty strong progress in terms of CET1 this quarter and the floor went up even more. And I appreciate your response to Manan's question, and I know that's part of the conservatism of this company and why long-onlies value you guys so highly. I guess, I'm wondering, how should we think about the future. I get that there's still uncertainty. There's still a willing -- desire to take down CRE concentration, desire to see the economy play out, but at this level of earnings power with $200 million, you're going to continue to build capital, especially if the C&I loan growth is engulfed by CRE declines. So, I guess, as your long-term shareholders think about forget buybacks for a second, returns and what that appropriate capital floor is, how would you help them frame that, Daryl?
Daryl Bible: From a floor perspective, obviously, we are much higher than where we have to run the company long-term for M&T. We do have elevated criticized loan balances and we're really working hard. Our teams are working their butts off to basically bring those balances down. And we hope and plan that to continue through the rest of this year into next year. So that is definitely one of the key things that we're looking at. We are conservative. What I've said in prior quarters, the capital is not going anywhere, Erika. We will return it. We promise you that. We aren't going to be wasted or do anything stupid. It will come back to the shareholders at some point down there. We're just going to do it in a very conservative manner because that's just who we are.
Erika Najarian: So, I guess, to compare it to what -- how Jamie says it, I guess, the better way for your shareholders and to think about is earnings in store?
Daryl Bible: Yeah, [indiscernible].
Erika Najarian: All right. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning, Daryl.
Daryl Bible: Good morning, John.
John Pancari: On the -- back to CRE, I know you mentioned the ongoing focus to reduce the concentration of CRE. Where do you see the CRE, the risk-based capital percentage going? I believe in the past you've indicated you wanted to see it into the 150% range. So, I want to get that update. And then separately, in terms of the improvement that you saw in credit this quarter, in terms of the pass-through declines, non-accruals and criticized, can you just talk about what specifically you saw that is driving that and broadly those trends can continue in that direction? Thanks.
Daryl Bible: Yeah, sure. So, we've made tremendous progress over the last three-plus years on getting our CRE concentration down, the plans that we put into place at that point and continue to execute. And you saw the benefits in our stress capital buffer because of that and that will hopefully continue when we continue to submit the stress capital CCAR test. I would say we're getting close, John. We are at 151% now. I think we're in the neighborhood of being close to where CRE will be much more normal space for us. We're at a level that we think is makes sense for the size of company we are and serving our communities and clients. So, we're probably maybe a quarter or two away, but I think that's not too far off. As far as non-accruals go, I tell you, this quarter, everything kind of worked, came together really strong. Our first-line credit team was working with our clients. We have a process in place where we're looking at all the CRE loans that are maturing and trying to see where and how we can work with our clients to either get it right-sized to get it upgraded off of criticized. We are seeing some of our criticized loans getting refinanced by others in the industry. And I talked earlier that we're seeing some of our criticized loans getting placed in the agencies with our programs with the GSEs. So, we're basically really focused on that. The teams are diligent and working hard, and we plan to have those numbers continue to drive down and be really positive.
John Pancari: Great. Thanks, Daryl. That helps. And then related to that, maybe could you just talk about the role that loan modifications have played here as you've addressed commercial real estate? Maybe help us with the trajectory of your financial difficulty modifications? Do they continue to rise? And maybe if you could just talk about the concerns out there that they're simply kicking the can down the road, and a year from now, we can see these pressures rear directly ahead again?
Daryl Bible: So, when you look at loan modifications, when we are working with our clients, loan modifications, we are asking for more type of recourse or capital to be put into the transactions for them to get more time to work through their -- the higher interest rates that we have. So, the modifications we are doing are actually enhancing our position. So, we're giving them more extension on time and they're giving us more capital liquidity recourse for that time. So, we're actually in a better spot. So yes, our modifications are going up. This is our history of M&T. We work with our clients. If our clients support us, we're going to support them. That's what we do and that's what we're going to continue to do.
John Pancari: Great. Thanks, Daryl.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Hey, Daryl. Good morning.
Daryl Bible: Good morning.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Just wanted to go back to the criticized C&I and CRE. So, a lot of decision-making on capital revolves around how some of this plays out. If you don't mind, give us a sense of when you think about criticized loans, if rates go lower, I think you mentioned soft landing base case probability most likely for you. Is there a point in time if rates are lower, you get the financials maybe in March of next year, we could see a meaningful reset lower from this $12 billion going down by a couple of billion? Like, I'm just wondering, could there be a step function decline in criticized loans at some point in the first half of next year based on rates and macro clarity.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So, Ebrahim, that's a great question. We saw a short window in the fourth quarter, in December, when the 10-year dropped 4% or a little bit under that. And we had huge volume that we're able to place our clients out with the agencies. Our RCC business was able to place a lot of loans out because of that. So, I think our 10-year last time I looked was 4.18%. So, I think we're getting closer to more of a pivot point where more volume will actually happen. So, I think lower rates would definitely help us lower our criticized balances sooner and faster from that perspective. That would be even more liquidity in the marketplace than what we saw this past quarter.
Ebrahim Poonawala: That's helpful. And I guess the other question on CRE, given all the work you've done over the past year, stress testing, et cetera on the CRE book, just give us your perspective on the loss content in these loans as they maybe some of these go into non-accrual based on what you know today, what's already been reserved, and as we think about like charge-offs relative to the 40 bps that you guided for this year?
Daryl Bible: Yeah. We have a long-term history of our great strong credit performance. So, if you look at our LTVs that we have for the CRE portfolio, even office, we're still under 60% LTV there. So, if you -- a great thing to look at, if you look at our non-accruals, half of our non-accruals don't have a reserve against it. And typically you'd have a specific reserve on non-accruals. That's because we have collateral value that's stronger than what the loan value is today. So, it's really the strength of how we underwrite. And that credit performance is really what shows through in times of stress. So, yes, we have a higher level of criticized and non-accrual. We're working those down, but we think the loss content is still a lot lower.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. That's great color. Thanks, Daryl.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin: Thanks. Good morning. Hey, Daryl, you had a great amount of securities repricing this quarter, up 31 basis points on a bigger book. And I can imagine some of that was just a switch from cash. But I think you had talked about 15 basis points to 20 basis points going forward. So, maybe can you just give us a little back color on what drove that 31 basis points, and then how you're looking at what securities yields could look like from an incremental perspective going forward? Thanks.
Daryl Bible: Yeah. So, we are being very disciplined on how we're approaching our security purchases. We're trying to keep our durations relatively short. We really don't want to have a negatively convex portfolio. So, when we go to market and when we buy securities, we are basically balancing our securities between positively convex securities like treasuries and CMBS agency securities coupled with some negative convex securities, which could be some agency CMOs or MBS. So, we're being very balanced from there. So, we're trying to keep our duration around three years. Because of that, our yields, if you look at where rates are today, are blended to be around 5%. That negatively convexed are over 5%. Positively convexed are under 5% approximately. And we're living in three-year-type duration-type instruments, overall, is kind of what we're focused on. That said though, we're still going to have a nice benefit. If you look at what's maturing in the third and fourth quarter, the average yield of what's maturing is about 2.5%. So, we'll -- depending on where rates go, but right now where we get 250 basis points, still increase in that yield portfolio as that turns over. So, I think we feel really good. We're just being very disciplined. I'm not good at timing rates, so we kind of do dollars averaging over time. We've done that now for the last year. We're going to continue to do that going forward. And we'll just do it over time and averaging and hopefully continue to average up higher.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And then, obviously, for a long time, M&T has had a really healthy amount of cash and I think cash and earning assets together is about -- cash is like 30%-something, still low-30%s. And do you still anticipate, given that conservatism, keeping cash and securities at -- over 30% as you look forward and what would change that if anything?
Daryl Bible: Yes. So, on the prepared call, what I mentioned is that right now our investment portfolio is about $30 billion. We believe that the cash at the Fed is closer to mid-$20 billion-s, so closer to $25 billion. We're basically just trying to get out of some wholesale funding and just shrinking the balance sheet a little bit. So, our balance sheet size is coming down as well. So, we'll have a smaller balance sheet. It shouldn't really impact NII just because of the cost of the borrowings and what we earned on the Fed balance kind of canceled each other out. But we just feel mid-$25 billion is good. We do have limits in place to how well we go that be in the mid- to high-teens. So, we have well above that buffer that we're operating right now, but just want to be here again conservative. If we could go into a recession, which we don't think will happen, but if we do, this will be a really conservative balance sheet.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Thanks, Daryl.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Hi, Daryl.
Daryl Bible: Hey, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Daryl, you obviously did a good job with the DFAST and the stress capital buffer coming down. I guess a couple of questions. First is, when you look at the improvement and you touched on it what you've obviously done, do you think that improvement can be as large next year as you guys continue to reduce these risks to M&T as we look out into 2025?
Daryl Bible: Yeah. So, our plans right now, Gerard, we are really pleased that we were down 20 basis points in our peer group. We were one of three banks that had a lower SCB, so we were really excited to have that outcome. But by us really focusing on and pushing down our criticized, besides share repurchase maybe increasing, it's also going to help us in our stress capital buffer when we go through the stress test. So, we're really focused in trying to bring down our criticized levels to as much as we can working with our clients over the next couple of quarters so that when we do seek our next year, if we decide to do it, which we may or may not, probably will though, we'll continue to try to get a lower stress capital buffer.
Gerard Cassidy: Got it. And then, when you look at M&T's history, obviously, the organic growth has always been complemented very successfully with acquisitions. And when you look out over the landscape over the next 12 to 24 months, can you give us your views on depository acquisitions? Not to say that you're going to do anything near-term, but just how are you guys thinking about depository acquisitions? And I know there's changes and we've got a presidential election coming up, which could influence as well, but what have you guys been thinking in that strategy?
Daryl Bible: So, M&T has a long-term history of doing acquisitions, successful acquisitions, and that is one of the reasons how we grow here. But to be honest with you, we haven't really been talking about acquisitions. We're working on our four priorities that we have in the company right now. Our four priorities that we have are basically building out our markets in from the People's acquisition in New England and Long Island. We think that's really important, continue to build out. That's a great opportunity for us. And we think the M&T Bank will be really good in the markets that we serve theirs. I think they need a bank like us in those markets and we want to deliver to those clients. We're enhancing our risk areas throughout the company, making great progress in those areas. We will continue to focus on that. We're also improving resiliency. Some of the transformations that we're doing, we're putting in data centers, putting things up into the cyber or applications into the cloud. So, all that is going forward. And then lastly, we're continuing to optimize revenue and expenses. We put some money into treasury management this past year and we're now growing our treasury management revenues at double-digit pace. It's 13% right now. So, they're doing really good and continue to gain more momentum there in that treasury management. As we push more into C&I, that's a huge growth opportunity for us and that's really what we're focused on in trying to grow and serve our clients.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Chris Farr with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Chris Farr: Good morning. So, my question is just a little bit on expenses. Just wondering about headcount. What you're thinking about it going forward, since salaries expenses were up 4% year-over-year, which seems pretty good overall?
Daryl Bible: Yeah. I mean, we're right on track from our expense guidelines. Actually, we're doing a little bit better than what was in plan. So, you might see a little bit of shift in that in the second half of the year, but we're right on track. We're going to hit our plan numbers on expenses. I have no doubt about that. FTEs, we are down a couple of hundred [million] (ph) in FTEs from the start of the year. So that's just being managed by all the leaders and their groups and all that. So, I think from an expense perspective, we really have an owner's mindset at M&T. They really take to heart how we spend money and make sure how we're spending money in the right places and getting the right outcomes from that. So, I'm really fortunate to have a really great company that really understands how to run a company both from a revenue and expense side basis. So, it's all really good.
Chris Farr: And just to clarify, down a couple of hundred, not a couple of hundred million, correct?
Daryl Bible: No, a couple of hundred FTEs. Yeah.
Chris Farr: I got you. All right.
Daryl Bible: Sorry.
Chris Farr: And then -- no worries. And then, just on the outside data processing, a big delta, and how much is that related to this upgrade that you've been talking about? And will some of that run off? Or are you kind of now at a higher operating plateau on tech expense?
Daryl Bible: I would say second half of the year, you might see elevations in outside data processing and professional services. As we have now seven projects and our investment accounts are ramped up. Those probably will be areas of increase or still come into our target that we set on expenses. So, I feel really good about that. Some of the projects are just larger and takes time to ramp up. But as we get into '25, you'll see some projects start to complete. And whether we reinvest in other areas or not, we'll talk to you at that time right now. But overall, the company is making tremendous progresses on many fronts and we've got a lot of momentum going and we're going to continue to press on that.
Chris Farr: All right. Thank you.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back over to Brian Klock for any closing remarks.
Brian Klock: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, if clarification of any of the items in the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations Department at area code 716-842-5138. Thank you, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-15 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the M&T Bank First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on listen-only mode and the floor will be opened for your questions following the presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the hand -- the conference over to Brian Klock, Head of Market and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Brian Klock: Thank you, Todd, and good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's first quarter 2024 earnings conference call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules by going to our website, www.mtb.com. Once there, you can click on the Investor Relations link and then on the events and presentations link. Also, before we start, I'd like to mention that today's presentation may contain forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information are included in today's earnings release materials and in the investor presentation as well, and as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. The presentation also includes non-GAAP financial measures as identified in the earnings release and in investor presentation. The appropriate reconciliations to GAAP are included in the appendix. Joining me on the call this morning is M&T's Senior Executive Vice President and CFO, Daryl Bible. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Daryl.
Daryl Bible: Thank you, Brian. And good morning, everyone. As you will hear today, our first quarter results were strong start for M&T Bank. Turning to Slide 3, we started the year with renewed and strengthened commitment to making a difference in people's lives. Along with helping our customers meet their financial goals, we've continued to launch programs to uplift our communities and partners. Let me share with you a few examples of how we put these words into action. Since the beginning of the year, M&T has provided $900,000 to 30 organizations across our footprint to address affordable housing and homelessness in underserved, low to middle-income communities. We launched a new Spanish language small business accelerator program in Prince George's County, Maryland, which will support many small business owners in the region. We continue to invest in New England and Long Island through the second phase of our Amplify Fund. We do this when our communities are successful, so is our business. Turning to Slide 4, we are excited to see how deeply we embedded sustainability across the bank and into our products and services. We have included several sustainability accomplishments from our upcoming 2023 Sustainability Report and look forward to sharing more when we release the complete report this quarter. Turning to Slide 6, which shows the results for the first quarter. The quarter was highlighted by strong C&I and consumer loan growth. PPNR was a solid $891 million. Expense control remains a key focus and was evident as adjusted expenses increased only 0.6% compared to the first quarter of 2023. Diluted GAAP earnings per share were $3.02 for the quarter. If we exclude the additional FDIC special assessment, adjusted diluted earnings per share were $3.15. On an adjusted basis, M&T's first quarter results produced an ROA and ROCE of 1.05% and 8.49%, respectively. The CET1 ratio remains strong, growing to 11.07% at the end of the first quarter and tangible book-value share grew 1% to $99.54. Next, we walk a little deeper into the underlying trends that generated our first-quarter results. Please turn to Slide 8. Taxable-equivalent net interest income was $1.7 billion in the first quarter, down 2% from linked quarter. The net interest margin was 3.52%, down 9 basis points from the linked quarter. The primary drivers for the decrease to the margin were a negative 6 basis points from lower non-accrual interest and the impact of interest rate swaps, a negative 3 basis points from higher liquidity and cash moving into securities, negative 3 basis points from our deposit mix and pricing, and a positive 3 basis points from all other items, including the benefit of asset repricing in the investment portfolio and consumer loans. Turning to Slide 9 to look at the average balance sheet trends. Average investment securities increased $1.1 billion to $28.6 billion, reflecting the reinvestment of maturing security balances and a measured shift of a portion of our cash balances into investment securities. Average interest-bearing deposits at the Fed increased approximately $0.5 billion to $30.7 billion as our decision to have more liquidity on the balance sheet was largely offset by the previously mentioned investment security purchases. Average loans increased $1 billion or 1% to $133.8 billion. Average deposits decreased $648 million or less than 1.5% to $164.1 billion. Turn to Slide 10 to talk about average loans. Average loans and leases increased 1% to $133.8 billion compared to the linked quarter. Solid growth in C&I and consumer loans outpaced declines in CRE and residential mortgages. The growth in C&I loans was driven by combination of increased line utilization in our middle market and dealer business lines, combined with new origination activity in equipment finance, corporate and institutional, and fund banking as we continued to grow existing and new clients. Loan yields decrease 1% to 6.32%, but increased 2 basis points sequentially when excluding the impact of the cash flow hedges on interest income in our CRE portfolio. Within our consumer portfolio, we continue to see the benefit of higher rates on new originations compared to maturing balances. With the consumer loans yielding increased 12 basis points to 6.54%. Turning to Slide 11, our liquidity remains strong. At the end of the first quarter, investment securities and cash, including cash held at the Fed totaled $62.3 billion, representing 29% of total assets. Average investment securities grew $1.1 billion, reflecting the reinvestment of maturing securities and a shift of a portion of our cash balances into securities. The yield on investment securities increased 17 basis points to 3.30% as the yield on new purchases exceeded the yield on maturing securities. The duration of the securities portfolio at the end of the quarter was 3.8 years and the unrealized pre-tax loss on the available for sale portfolio was only $263 million. Turning to Slide 12, we continue to focus on growing customer deposits and we're pleased with the stabilization of our deposit balances and pricing. Average total deposits declined $648 million, less than one-half of a percent to $164.1 billion, while the average customer deposits increased sequentially. We saw average deposit growth in institutional services and wealth management, relatively stable deposits within commercial, and a modest decline in the retail bank. This growth allowed us to roll off some of our brokered CDs. Average demand deposits declined $1.5 billion, partially impacted by seasonality deposit declines in commercial and business banking. The shift toward higher-yielding project -- products continued during the quarter, but at a much slowed meaningfully. The mixed average of noninterest-bearing deposit was 30% of total deposits, largely unchanged from last quarter. Excluding broker deposits, noninterest-bearing deposit mix in the first quarter was 32%. Encouragingly, we saw the pace of deposit cost increases slow through the quarter with the cost of interest-bearing deposits increasing 3 basis points to 2.93%. This represents the smallest quarterly increase since the start of the tightening in early 2022. Our core non-maturity deposit costs increased only 1 basis point sequentially. Continuing on Slide 13. Noninterest income was $580 million, up slightly from the linked quarter. M&T normally receives an annual distribution from Bayview Lending Group during the first quarter of the year. This distribution was $25 million in 2024 compared to $20 million last year. Excluding the Bayview distribution, noninterest income declined $23 million sequentially. The decrease was largely driven by lower commercial mortgage banking revenues and syndication fees reflected in our other revenues from operations. Both of these fee items posted strong fourth-quarter results. Recall that last year's first quarter included $45 million of fee income from CIT prior to the sale in April. Turning to Slide 14. We continue to focus on controlling expenses. Noninterest expenses were $1.4 billion. This year's first quarter and last year's fourth quarter, each had incremental FDIC special assessments amounting to $29 million and $197 million, respectively. Excluding the special assessment, adjusted noninterest expense increased by $8 million, or 0.6% compared to last year's first quarter. On a similar basis, adjusted noninterest expense increased $114 million, or 9% from the linked quarter. This increase was largely driven by an approximate $99 million of seasonal higher compensation costs included in the first quarter. This figure is unchanged from last year's first quarter. As usual, we expect those seasonal factors to decline significantly as we enter the second quarter. The adjusted efficiency ratio was 59.6% compared to 53.6% in the fourth quarter. Next, let's turn to Slide 15 for credit. Net charge-offs for the quarter totaled $138 million, or 42 basis points, down from 44 basis points in the linked quarter. CRE net charge-offs declined meaningfully due to a resolution of three office-related credits in last year's fourth quarter. The two largest charge-offs were previously criticized C&I loans and amounted to approximately $31 million in total. One credit was a non-automotive dealer and the other was in the services industry. Nonaccrual loans increased by $136 million to $3.2 billion. The nonaccrual ratio increased 9 basis points to 1.71%. This was largely driven by an increase in C&I and CRE healthcare nonaccrual loans. Loans 30 to 89 days past due declined sequentially across each portfolio. In the first quarter, we recorded a provision of $200 million compared to the net charge-offs of $138 million. This resulted in an allowance build of $62 million and increased the allowance-to-loan ratio by 3 basis points to 1.62%. The current build primarily reflects a deterioration in the performance of loans to certain commercial borrowers, including non-automotive dealers and healthcare facilities, as well as growth in some sectors of M&T C&I and consumer loan portfolios. Please turn to Slide 16. When we file our form 10-Q in a few weeks, we estimate that the level of criticized loans will be $12.9 billion compared to $12.6 billion at the end of December. C&I criticized loans increased $641 million, while CRE criticized loans decreased $277 million with declines in both permanent and construction. Slide 17 provides additional detail on C&I criticized balances. Total C&I criticized balances increased $641 million. The majority of that increase is concentrated within dealer and manufacturing industries. We are seeing areas of pressure, particularly in certain businesses that may be more acutely impacted by the lag effects of higher rates for those impacted by reduced large-ticket consumer discretionary spending or a shift in spending on goods to services. For example, we saw an uptick in criticized loans to non-auto dealer industries as higher rates have impacted large ticket discretionary consumer spend and earlier COVID-driven buying saturated demand for these types of purchases. Slide 18 includes detail on CRE criticized balances. Total CRE criticized balances decreased $277 million from the last quarter. The decline is across most property types, though we did not see an increase in office and healthcare criticized. We are seeing improvements in occupancy and staffing within healthcare, but reimbursement rate improvement has been uneven, resulting in modest net increase in criticized balances within the portfolio. Last quarter, we noted an upcoming review of the construction portfolio. Over 80% of that review has been completed and I am pleased to note that that review resulted in limited incremental downgrades of construction loans into criticized. The remainder of the review generally consists of smaller balanced loans, but we would not expect the outcome of the remainder to -- of that review to be significantly different than the portion already completed. Turning to Slide 19 for capital. M&T's CET1 ratio at the end of the first quarter was an estimated [11.7%] [sic - 11.07%] compared to 10.98% at the end of the fourth quarter. The increase was due in part due to the continued pause in repurchasing shares combined with continued strong capital generation. At the end of the quarter, the negative AOCI impact on CET1 ratio from the AFS securities and pension-related components would be approximately 20 basis points. Now turning to Slide 20 for the outlook. The economy continues to perform well and the labor market remains strong despite the challenges faced by firms and consumers. The economic outlook that we discussed on the January earnings call remains unchanged. Shifting to 2024 earnings, the outlook is largely unchanged from our update in March with an upward bias to our NII outlook. For NII, recall that the outlook we provided in January considered a range of rate cut scenarios from six cuts to three cuts. As the forward curve has settled closer to two cuts, we expect NII to be $6.8 billion with possible upside. Our outlook for fees and expenses is unchanged. The expense outlook excludes incremental FDIC special assessment incurred in the first quarter. We continue to expect net charge-offs for the full year to be near the 40 basis points. The allowance level will be dependent on many factors, including changes in the macroeconomic outlook, portfolio mix, and underlying asset quality. Our outlook for the tax rate of 24% to 24.5% excludes the discrete tax benefit in the first quarter. Finally, as it relates to capital. Our capital, coupled with our limited investment security marks has been a clear differentiator for M&T. We take our responsibility to manage our shareholders' capital very seriously and return more when it is appropriate to do that. Our businesses are performing well and we are growing new relationships each and every day. While the economic uncertainty is improving, our share repurchases remain on hold. We plan to reassess repurchases after the second quarter and we'll consider a range of factors including the macroeconomic environment, the bank's capital generation, results from the 2024 stress test, the level of commercial real estate loans, and overall asset quality. That said, we continue to use our capital for organic growth and growing new customer relationships. Buybacks has always been part of our core capital distribution strategy and will again in the future. In the meantime, our strong balance sheet will continue to differentiate us with our clients, communities, regulators, investors, and rating agencies. To conclude on Slide 21, our results underscore an optimistic investment thesis. While economic uncertainty remains high, that is when M&T has historically outperformed its peers. M&T has always been a purpose-driven organization with a successful business model that benefits all stakeholders, including shareholders. We have a long track record of credit outperforming through all economic cycles, while growing within the markets we serve. We remain focused on shareholder returns and consistent dividend growth. Finally, we are a disciplined acquirer and prudent steward of shareholder capital. Now, let's open up the call.
Operator: At this time, we will open the floor for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Manan Gosalia with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Manan Gosalia: Hi. Good morning.
Daryl Bible: Good morning.
Manan Gosalia: Daryl, can you unpack the NII guidance for us in terms of the puts and takes in a higher for longer rate environment? I mean, it looks like NIB deposits are holding up well. You're moving some of the liquidity into high-yielding securities. So is the $6.8 billion an easy bar to hit if we only get two cuts? And what would that look like if we don't get any rate cuts this year?
Daryl Bible: Yes. So let me start with the latter part first, Manan. Thanks for the question. We are really pretty neutral to interest rates right now. So whether we get two cuts, three cuts, or we get no cuts, we're going to probably pretty much be pretty comfortable with 6.8 -- $6.8 billion-plus in that range. I think because of the size of the balance sheet we had this quarter, we were a little bit heavy with liquidity and a margin of 3.52%. I think for the most part, our margin has bottomed out this year and we'll probably be in the mid to high 3.50s the rest of the year. But we'll probably have a little smaller balance sheet, maybe $2 billion or $3 billion shorter than that. But we feel really good about it. If you look at how things are playing out, our deposits, the real value of our deposit franchise I think came out really strong this quarter. I mean, our core deposits hardly budged and increasing of interest rates. We still saw some growth in our retail CDs, which kind of drove the increase. But other than that, core deposits were flat from a cost perspective. And if you look on the asset side of the equation, we're getting nice reactivity both on our consumer loans. Our consumer loans are increasing nicely and auto, RV, and HELOC and all those are contributing positively. And then as we put money to work in the investment securities portfolio, I know it's not as high as what it is at the FED, but as we help manage our sensitivities, we're going to have some really nice repricing on our investment portfolio. We're up 17 basis points. We could easily do that for the next couple of quarters plus throughout the year. So I think we feel pretty good about NII going forward right now.
Manan Gosalia: Can you -- did you mention what duration you're putting on, on the securities book?
Daryl Bible: So the purchases we did this quarter, we basically did three chunks of securities. And the way we look at it is trying to keep our convexity flat. So we've been purchasing treasuries and CMBS, which basically has positive convexity, coupled with some low convex MBS together. So the yields have been -- we've been getting in the first quarter, 4.6 -- 4% -- 4.6% yield. Duration at about a little over three years from that perspective. Where rates are today now, you can probably easily add another 30 basis points to 40 basis points higher yield from that. So as we continue to do the same thing we did in the first quarter and the second quarter, we'll probably get some more uplift.
Manan Gosalia: That's really helpful. And then maybe a quick follow-up on the liquidity side. Cash as a percentage of assets is up another 150 basis points or so this quarter. Can you talk about like the rationale for continuing to ratchet up that liquidity level? Is it the CRE exposure? Is it partly some of the stress we saw in the markets last quarter? So maybe if you can talk about what the right level of liquidity is, given the current credit environment?
Daryl Bible: With the latter. Anytime there's any scare in the industry, we're going to be conservative. That's just who we are. We're going to make sure we take care that the company has strong capital and a lot of liquidity and that's first and foremost. I would say, we're comfortable as we kind of let some of this excess liquidity come out of our balance sheet, have it go down to maybe $27 billion, $26 billion at the Fed ballpark over -- as we kind of go throughout the year from that perspective. So it will come down, barring any other stresses that hit our industry.
Manan Gosalia: Great. Thank you.
Daryl Bible: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from John Pancari with Evercore. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Daryl Bible: Hey, John.
John Pancari: Back to the balance sheet -- Hey, Daryl. Back to the balance sheet trends. The C&I loans, you sounded relatively constructive in your commentary there and the growth you're seeing. You cited better line utilization, maybe elaborate there a little bit. Where you see demand and what's your outlook there on that front or where you can actually see some growth in the coming quarter?
Daryl Bible: Yes. So if you look at our growth, it was actually broad-based. We had really good growth in many sectors. So if you look at our dealer financial services area, just the auto floor planning, is funding up so we had increased utilization there. Our middle market business was strong and actually had increases in that space. Corporate and institutional was also up. Fund banking was up. Our equipment leasing was higher as well as mortgage warehouse. So those were the businesses that drove it. If you look at the regions, we operate in 28 community bank regions. Two-thirds of our community bank regions now are growing positively. The highlights were in Massachusetts, New Jersey, Philadelphia, and Western New York were kind of the drivers where the growth came from.
John Pancari: Okay, great. Thanks, Daryl. And then on the credit front, it's good to see the commercial real estate nonaccruals down in the quarter. What are you seeing on the CRE front in terms of NPA inflows? Are you seeing a slowing or is that somewhat impacted by an increase in loan modifications? And then just separately on the C&I front. I know you noted some higher nonaccruals there. Just what are you seeing on that front that's driving the added stress?
Daryl Bible: Yes. So on the CRE front, I think we saw really good performance this quarter. One quarter doesn't make a trend yet, but it was a positive quarter. We had our criticized numbers come down, still had health care and office go up a little bit. But overall, I think we're seeing that stabilize. We did -- I talked about it in the prepared remarks, we did go through that construction review. We got through 80% of the construction review. We only had $200 million change in criticized. We have a little bit to go, and we'll have very nominal increase there. So getting through that construction book was huge. It was, I think, $8.6 billion in size we went through. So that was a really good review. We'll continue to monitor it. Obviously, office and healthcare are more the troubled sectors and those where we will work with over time. But our teams are working with our customers each and every day. We're trying to get out in front of working with them to make sure we can help them through any stress that we have and I think we feel pretty good just going forward with that. So, definitely not out of the woods with CRE, but I think we're feeling that we're having some positive trends. As far as C&I goes, to be honest with you, we had two really credits. One was a non-auto dealer and this non-auto dealer was stressed a little bit with higher interest rates. It was a marine dealers such that a lot of activity in the boats was coming down and didn't have as much demand there. And we just basically had to put a specific reserve on that and take a charge-off in that sector. And the other one that came through was a healthcare credit and those were the two largest C&I credits that came through that really impacted the numbers. So it wasn't for those, you probably wouldn't have noticed anything from a charge-off perspective or provision.
John Pancari: Thanks, Daryl. If I can ask just one more on the credit front tied to that. Your criticized loans do trend above your peer levels. But is there a degree of conservativeness in there, in terms of I guess, how you treat your recourse agreement as part of CRE and elsewhere? Is there something in the way you're doing your internal risk ratings that may include your criticized levels? We're getting a fair amount of incomings regarding that.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So we have had a long history of running with a higher level of criticized. We do that intentionally because we want to work with our clients, because if we work with our clients and get them through these stress times, they're very loyal to our company. It's the right thing for our communities and all of that. So that's first and foremost. I would say we just tend to be a conservative company. I'm on the financial side, so I'm conservative with capital and liquidity. You have Mike Todaro and Bob, our Chief Credit Officer, they're conservative on the credit side. So it's just how we run and operate the bank. We're going to do the right things and try to work with our customers to get through issues. When we -- customers are not supportive in getting through issues, that's when we might try to sell some credits, but that's usually a few and far between. But our history is to work with them. We find that working with our clients over the long term produces less losses, better capital preservation and better for both shareholders as well as us as a company and all that. So that's how we're going to continue to operate.
John Pancari: Okay, thanks, Daryl.
Daryl Bible: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Hey, good morning, Daryl.
Daryl Bible: Good morning.
Ebrahim Poonawala: So, I guess, a question on commercial real estate. You've done a lot of work over the last year, deep-diving on the portfolio. If we think about, I think, the stress in the market and it's been the wet blanket on your stock is around what higher rates could mean on commercial real estate risk. Give a sense of when you look at sensitivity, be it loan-to-value discounted sort of debt service coverage ratios. If we don't get any rate cuts for the next two years, does that -- and the economy -- and that's because the economy is doing fairly well, does that lead to worse outcomes just because rates are higher? Like give us a sense of no rate cuts, elevated yield curve, what's the sensitivity to that portfolio is in terms of credit losses?
Daryl Bible: Yes. If you don't mind, Ebrahim, I'm going to pivot a little bit, because we actually ran a scenario last quarter and stressed our CRE portfolio up 100 basis points of what impact that might have for us. So I mean, if you look at it from that perspective, it really depends on what level of rates are going higher. So let's just assume right now, it's the Fed rates, the short-term rates. If you look at our CRE portfolio, the vast majority of the CRE portfolio is fixed rate, either a fixed rate loan or they synthetically have swaps that have it fixed. So only 29% flows. If you look at going up 100 basis points, we see really very minimal impact on the portfolio, maybe at most approximately $500 million might go into criticized if they fall below the 1.2 debt service coverage ratio. That's what we had from that. If you look at the C&I book, C&I book, $58 billion is all floating. Now the vast majority of the C&I book has debt service coverage ratios well over 2% and very strong. But if you look at a subset of the leverage book that we have in there, that's closer to $5 billion. We call them leveraged, but when we put them on, they were leveraged, about half of those aren't even levered anymore because of their performance. So you're really only looking at about half of that. It is really pure levered loans. And when you look at those levered loans coming through and stress them 100 basis points, it's a minimal impact for us, a couple of hundred million dollars from a criticized. Now, if you go to the longer end of the curve, and in the longer end of the curve, let's say, five or 10 year goes up 100 basis points, that really impacts more our construction book, because you need to have takeouts there. And from that perspective, it's going to -- it's just what's happening now, people are going shorter. They aren't going 10 years, they are going five years, try to get placement and all that. So all that being said, we think it's very manageable. If rates even go up 100 basis points that we can get through and not have a significant impact on our credit performance.
Ebrahim Poonawala: That is a good color. Thanks for talking through. And then one question. In terms of buybacks, you have a lot of excess capital. You called out four things, macro, overall asset quality, stress test results, and the level of CRE. If the first three are okay and fast forward to July, no issues on the first three, is there something around the level of CRE that we should be mindful of when we think about potential for buybacks getting started in the back half of the year?
Daryl Bible: Yes. So there's actually five. So let me go through them again. We -- you might have missed when I was going through it.
Ebrahim Poonawala: My apologies.
Daryl Bible: That's alright. No problem. Macroeconomic environment, baked capital generation, results from the stress test, the level of CRE, and then overall asset quality. I would say, we're going to evaluate those at the end of second quarter from that perspective. There's still a lot of uncertainty in the marketplace and we just want to be good stewards of our capital. The capital is not going anywhere, and this capital is for our investors. It's going to come to the investors sooner or later. It's just a matter of when we feel comfortable. Right now, we just don't want to make sure that it's -- now is the right time and we can basically put it over. But it's not going anywhere. I would feel that if we did decide, and I'm not saying we are, but if we did decide, I would say, we'd probably start off modestly and probably keep a 11% plus CET1 ratio and then kind of see how that goes. But right now, what I can tell you is we're going to review it in our earnings call three months from now, and we'll let you know how we feel about share repurchase at that point in time, and then we'll go from there. But it's not going anywhere. The investors -- it's core to who we are. We buy back stock when we don't deploy it in acquisitions and that's what we're going to do.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ou next question comes from Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin: Thanks. Good morning.
Daryl Bible: Good morning.
Ken Usdin: Daryl, I was wondering if you can elaborate a little bit more on deposits. So I think typically M&T see a little bit of a seasonal decline in the first Q. And I think quarter had like a weird ending date with a holiday and payroll, but really interesting to see your DDAs and interest-bearing up at period end versus the averages. Can you talk about your flows? What you're seeing? And how that dynamic is changing with the higher-for-longer environment?
Daryl Bible: Ken, it's really all around trying to make sure we grow our core deposits. And to be honest with you, some of our businesses, I mentioned it in the prepared remarks, but in our trust businesses, they're growing nicely. Again, a lot of traction, and we had some nice wins in those businesses that added to our deposits in the second half of the first quarter, early part of the second quarter. So we have a lot of momentum in that business and doing really well. I can't be more pleased though with the other areas. Our commercial bank is really focused on growing deposits as well, as well as the retail bank. So I mean, everybody is focused on doing the right thing and that's where we are. Our bread and butter is really getting the operating account, and we're really good at that. And once we get them, they tend not to leave us. So we're happy with that as we move forward.
Ken Usdin: Got it. Great. And one question on the loan side. You talked about the benefit from securities yields grinding higher. Can you give us any color on your fixed rate loan repricing and what that looks like over the next year or two?
Daryl Bible: Yes. So if you look at the yields on the -- to give you a couple of examples. So let's just look at auto and RV and give you examples. So if you look at it on a spread basis, our spreads are higher, and this is to our marginal cost of funds, up 24 basis points in auto and 63 basis points in RV. But when you look at the yields, that we're getting incrementally versus what's rolling off. We're getting a 192 basis point higher yields in auto and 140 basis point higher yield in RV. So that's really what's moving the yields in the consumer loan portfolios as an example. Does that help?
Ken Usdin: It does. And are those the two books that are the majority of where you'll get that benefit over the next year or two?
Daryl Bible: I would say for the other businesses, it's competitive in the middle market. But some of our other businesses that we're in, I think we're getting a little bit higher spreads and yields overall if you look at some of the businesses. So I think overall, we feel pretty good about that. And then on the securities portfolio, that's going to reprice nicely. I talked a little bit with -- with Manan. But with what we have maturing on the securities portfolio and what we plan to buy and repurchase, we could easily go up 20-plus basis points in the next couple of quarters in that whole yield on that portfolio.
Ken Usdin: Great. Thanks, Daryl.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Steven Alexopoulos with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Steven Alexopoulos: Hey, good morning, Daryl.
Daryl Bible: Hey, good morning.
Steven Alexopoulos: I wanted to start -- I appreciate all the comments on what the CRE portfolio could do under different stress scenarios looking forward. But if we stay with what actually happened this quarter, I know you guys have roughly $8.5 billion coming due this year. What came due in the first quarter and walk us through how did it play out? What percent of these refinanced, what paid off? What did you have to extend because they couldn't refinance? Could you just give us some color on what actually happened this quarter in the portfolio?
Daryl Bible: Yes, yes, I can do that. I think we had about $2.3 billion mature in the first quarter. Out of that $2.3 billion, I would say, 56% of it was basically extended and out of that was extended, there was about -- 9% that was in upgrade. We had, I think, another percent, maybe 23% actually paid off. And then we have the residual that we're working through right now and that's going to either be extended out or paid off. So very little incremental went into criticized, small portion. But for the most part, our teams are working very closely but that was the impact of the maturities we had for the first quarter, and we hope that plays out through the rest of the year.
Steven Alexopoulos: Got it. And when you say extended, do you mean refinanced or they weren't in a position to refinance so you gave them another year as an example?
Daryl Bible: So typically, when we extend, you always try to get more equity and more recourse from the customer. So fees wanting to extend out a year, we're going to try to right-size the debt service coverage ratio and they'll put more equity in or give us more tangible assets to protect us as we move forward is kind of how the negotiation goes. And typically, we extend anywhere from six months to a year after willing to support it.
Steven Alexopoulos: Got it. Okay. Thanks. And then just on the margin, as I heard you earlier said you thought and it would be mid to high 3.50s for the rest of the year, but it's funny, when you look at deposit cost, it slowed materially. It seems you're fairly close to market. And when I look at the components of earning assets, right, loan yield 6.3%, C&Is coming in way above that. You've already outlined securities coming in higher. Why is the outlook not more robust for [indiscernible]. It just seems like you're there on the deposit side, you have a lot of room for earning assets to resize higher. Just curious what's on the other side of this. Thanks.
Daryl Bible: Yes. I'm trying to give you the best color that I can give you with what I know. But I -- at the end of the day, the biggest factor, and it's been this way my whole career in asset liability management. How deposits behave, especially the non-maturity deposits really drives your interest rate sensitivity. And while it's slowing in the commercial, we're still going to see growth in the retail CD book just because you're over 3%. So you're going to have that. Now to offset that, we are paying off some of our brokered deposits, which is a good guy to counteract some of that. But this disintermediation piece is just really hard to model. And we put our best guess out there is what we think is going to do there. Obviously, we could outperform, but I'd much rather under-promise and over-deliver right now.
Steven Alexopoulos: Got it. It sounds like you're being conservative. Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
Daryl Bible: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Matt O’Connor: Good Morning. I was hoping you could talk about the recent action by S&P to lower your ratings to -- or a negative outlook. There was no rating change, but just a negative outlook. I mean, obviously, capital is strong, earning is strong, liquidity is strong. So a lot of those boxes are checked, but I do think they -- one of the things they flagged was the CRE concentration. But -- so maybe just address that topic overall and how you think you can alleviate some of their concerns? Thank you.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So Matt, we actively meet with all of our rating agencies, all four of them on a very frequent basis. S&P did put us on negative outlook. But I think we feel very comfortable that, that won't result in a downgrade. We think we have a good handle on both our CRE exposure and the amount of criticized that we have and what we're working towards right now. So I think we feel that where we've got strategies in place to, over time, get that to be less of a risk in the balance sheet from a credit perspective. But rating agencies are one constituency, it's an important constituency. We also have to deal with our other constituencies as well, too. But we're all doing the right things. We come to work every day, and I'm excited to be working with the professionals that we have in our commercial and credit teams. They were working their asses off each and every day. I answered the call, your question earlier about going through the 2.3 billion maturities we had in the first quarter. We really worked through almost all of those to fruition and had very minimal impact as we move forward. We're going to continue to just grind it out and do a good job, and we'll just see how things play out.
Matt O’Connor: Okay. And then just separately, on the trust fees, you talked about them being a driver going forward. Maybe just like frame how much equity drives that business, what some of the other drivers are? Because obviously, like the underlying trends are a little tricky to see because year-over-year, as you mentioned, you had a sale linked-quarter, I think there is some seasonality that maybe has a drag from like annuity sales or something. But just talk about some of the underlying drivers of that business and what gives you confidence that being a key driver of fees this year.
Daryl Bible: Yes. I mean if you look at that business, and I think our disclosures are a lot easier to understand now as we move forward with our change in segments that come out on quarter end. You'll be able to track our business performances there. But the ICS business, specifically, they have a little over 20 different product services that they offer. Some of them are fee based, some of them are fees and funding-based oriented. Examples would be escrow, M&A activity from that. Some of it can be lumpy at times, it can go back and forth. But just getting in the flow in that business and just doing a good job and good reputation. Jen, who runs this business, her and her team, they've built a really great reputation and really have done a good job growing this space nicely over the last couple of years, and we're investing in this space. We think it's a good business, core business for us, and we're really happy to have it, and we'll continue to focus on it. And I think we'll see some of the benefits that you saw in the first quarter hopefully play out throughout future quarters for us.
Matt O’Connor: Okay. Thank you.
Daryl Bible: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Foran with Autonomous. Please go ahead.
Brian Foran: Hi. I just wanted to follow-up on the 11%, likely staying at or above that even if you restart buybacks this year. Is there any thoughts you can give on framing it? Is that a moment in time given the five factors you cited versus is that maybe where the new normal is trending? Just kind of any thought on when we look at this 11.1%, I guess, ultimately how much of it is excess capital and how much is the new normal to running the business?
Daryl Bible: Yes. Brian, I think we need to kind of see where our stress capital buffer comes out. But I mean, at the end of the day, we're going to be really conservative. We are in uncertain times, risky times. So we are just going to be a little bit more cautious typically. I would say, long term, our average might be lower than that. But just starting this year repurchase, I think, it would be a significant change, to be honest with you, as we move forward. So not saying that's going to happen. But if it does happen, we're going to be very modest as we started out.
Brian Foran: And then maybe I could ask the same question. I think you noted on cash, $26 billion at the end of the year as a potential landing spot. Again, is that still an excess cash position in your mind or is that kind of more of a normal cash position you see going forward? Any thoughts on the level of excess liquidity right now?
Daryl Bible: So there's a new liquidity proposal that's supposed to come out from the regulators probably in the next quarter or so. So we'll see what's in there. We've done some of our own modeling. The treasury team has. And when you look at what we need from an operating basis, what's the fluctuations that we have within our businesses, our minimum is probably $15 billion, so we would operate with a cushion over that. But we are in no way going to come near that in the near future. We're going to be much more conservative than that as we move forward.
Brian Foran: Thank you. Thank you for taking both.
Daryl Bible: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Peter Winter with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Peter Winter: Good morning. I was wondering -- there's been so much focus on commercial real estate. So I guess I was a little bit surprised by the increase in criticized loans on the C&I side. I'm just wondering, do you feel like we're in -- this is in an early stages of more C&I, just given that we're in a higher for longer rate environment?
Daryl Bible: Yes. So for us, it's really three primary industries are kind of at the bigger things that we see within our book right now. The non-auto dealer, so like RV and Marine, that has some specific items where some of those dealers built up inventory post-COVID in 2022 and had to flush that inventory at losses. So that hurt their operating performance, coupled with higher rates. They have lower discretionary spend in those spaces as well. So they had some issues there. Healthcare, we talked about. As far as healthcare goes, I think it's getting a little bit better from an occupancy perspective, I think -- and product, but still reimbursement rates are lumpy. Staffing might be getting a little bit better there, but that's still a stressful place from that perspective. And the other theme that we would have is more in trucking and freight. During COVID, we increased -- a lot of our clients increased capacity because there were a lot of things that needed to be shipped. Now they're stuck with that excess capacity, they're just moving a lot less freight. So their operating performance is just a little bit lower. So those -- besides the one-offs that I talked about earlier, those are probably the three underlying themes I would say within the C&I book that I would be willing to discuss.
Peter Winter: Okay. And then just separately, Daryl, you had said at the conference, you're looking to lower the CRE as a percent of capital reserves to about 160%. How long do you think it will take to get there? And is that one of the -- I know you listed five things about starting up the buyback, but how important is that in terms of the overall theme of starting buybacks?
Daryl Bible: It's one of the five themes. It's important, but we -- I mean you have to remember, we started when we were, what, in the 220 -- 260? Yes. Four years ago, we started -- we were at 260. So I mean the tremendous progress we've made over the last three to last four years. I pretty much expect that we're going to be in the mid to low 160s by the end of the year on the pace that we're going now.
Peter Winter: Okay. Thanks, Daryl.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Frank Schiraldi with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Frank Schiraldi: Good morning.
Daryl Bible: Good morning.
Frank Schiraldi: Wondering if you can -- Daryl, just in terms of the criticized balances, the reduction in CRE overall, curious if you can just point to any specific driver there? I think this is the second quarter in a row where you've seen a reduction in criticized balances? Is it just occupancy is better and debt service coverage better? Is it stuff moving maybe into modification? Just any sort of like specific driver in terms of the last couple of quarters, seeing those balances move lower?
Daryl Bible: Yes. I mean the CRE portfolio with the exception of office and healthcare, the operating performance of the CRE businesses are performing well. Some of them are stressed just because of higher rates. But as we continue to work with our clients going through, we feel very good that we're going to work through these issues. It's what that we said earlier in other calls, Frank, but our customers work with us and put capital in, and we're definitely seeing all of our customers, our sponsors really support these projects. I think it really starts with client selection. And we have really good client selection that really helps win the day for us. So I think you're just seeing that commitment come through and we're working really closely with them and I think that's really important as we move forward. So I think we will continue to work through this, but definitely feel that CRE is very manageable, and we'll continue to address that.
Frank Schiraldi: Okay. And then just to follow-up on the expense side. I know even though you have limited expense growth baked-in for this year, you do have some investments you guys are focused on. And just wondering if given the stronger NII outlook driven by rates, if you could potentially foresee accelerating some of that investment in 2024. Thanks.
Daryl Bible: Yes. I would tell you, sometimes you can only do so much in a company at once. We got six major projects we're working on right now in the company. We're all making really good progress in these six major projects. And they're going as fast as they can go, to be honest with you, with what we're doing. I can't imagine that we would push them to go faster or if we try to start up another project. There's just a lot of change going on in the company, and I think we're just going to be conservative, get these things across the finish line and then start up other ones as we move forward.
Frank Schiraldi: Great. Okay. Thanks for the color.
Daryl Bible: Thanks, Frank.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please go ahead.
Thomas Leddy: Hi, good morning. This is Thomas Leddy calling on behalf of Gerard. Given the jump in criticized loans in the quarter and the fact that you guys tend to historically carry a little bit more than peers. Just curious how does the criticized levels today compare to where they were in the 2008, 2009 and then 2020 peaks?
Daryl Bible: I'm going to see if I have a friend here to help me with that. I don't have that. Yes, hold on a second, Tom.
Thomas Leddy: Okay.
Daryl Bible: So back in 2008, 2009, it was more -- I'll just let John talk about it. John is our Corporate Controller. He was here back then. I'll let him talk about it. I don't know that.
John Taylor: I'll just say that, obviously, 2008, 2009 was more of a residential mortgage-type issue. So we don't criticize per se, we won't monitor delinquencies on the residential side. There were pockets of criticized. So they did rise. I don't have those numbers at my disposal, but these numbers on the commercial side are higher than what they would have been back then.
Thomas Leddy: Okay. Thank you. That's helpful. And then just a quick follow-up. With the increase in criticized C&I loans reported today, do you guys still feel pretty confident that you can maintain M&T's historical track record of outperformance in terms of credit losses relative to peers?
John Taylor: Yes, I think we do. We have a long-term history of performing in good times and stress times, and I think we will continue to do really well and perform, and all that will come to fruition. I mean, I couldn't be more pleased with how hard everybody is working and the success that we're making. We have a ways to go. But you kind of see that we have a path and how we're going to get through that. And I have no doubt in my mind that we will get through this positively and still have really good credit performance.
Thomas Leddy: Okay, great. That's helpful. Thanks for taking my questions.
Daryl Bible: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Christopher Spahr with Wells Fargo. Please go-ahead.
Christopher Spahr: Hi, good morning. So two questions. First is just reconciling your outlook for the NIM and the increase in long-term borrowings that we saw both at end of period on an average basis this quarter?
Daryl Bible: So, we basically did some Federal Home Loan Bank advances back closer to when New York Community was happening. And then we did an unsecured issuance in the month of March. That will carry through. I think for the rest of the year, our focus is really on growing customer deposits and paying down noncustomer funding. That's really what we're really focused on. You might see us do some more securitization. We've done securitizations now in our equipment leasing business as well as our auto business. That's something that could possibly play out down the road. But we will prudently grow customer deposits as much as possible. And then we're going to work -- and try to work down our broker deposits and work down our Federal Home Loan Bank advances and put it into more other types of funding like securitizations if we need to from that perspective. And then we have more capacity if and when there's another stress period, we will always want to keep it open in case something happens, so we can find if we have to.
Christopher Spahr: Okay. So -- thanks. And then so my follow-up is just when I look at the schedule on Slide 17, the criticized loans and see that motor vehicle and RVs kind of had a huge spike in criticized? And then in response to Ken's question, though, you talked about the increase in yields and highlighting the increase in yield. So how do you reconcile the issue of just some of these portfolios under more weakness and yet you're kind of also highlighting you're getting greater yields. I mean, I would think to kind of fight against each other. Thank you.
Daryl Bible: No. So it's two different businesses. So the stress is in the floor planning business for the non-auto, so RV and Marine. So that's floor planning. That's where the stress is. We also are all in the indirect business for RV. Just like you have indirect auto, you have indirect RV, and that's where we're getting the yield pickup on the consumer loan portfolio. So we have a very prime-based consumer loan credit box. If you look at the average FICO score that we have in that portfolio, it's 790. So it's pretty pristine in there, and we feel good about the performance of that portfolio.
Christopher Spahr: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I will now turn the call back to our speakers for additional or closing remarks.
Brian Klock: And thanks, Todd. And again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, the clarification of any of the items in the call or news release if necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department. The area code is (716) 842-5138. Thank you, and have a great day.
Operator: And this does conclude the M&T Bank First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. You may disconnect your line at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-18 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the M&T Bank Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. And I would now like to hand the conference over to Brian Klock, Head of Market and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Brian Klock: Thank you, Michael and good morning. I’d like to thank everyone for participating in M&T’s fourth quarter 2023 earnings conference call both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules by going to our website, www.mtb.com, once there, you can click on the Investor Relations link and then on the Events and Presentations link. Also before we start, I’d like to mention that today’s presentation may contain forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information are included in today’s earnings release materials and in the investor presentation as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. The presentation also includes non-GAAP financial measures as identified in the earnings release and investor presentation. The appropriate reconciliations to GAAP are included in the appendix. Joining me on the call this morning is M&T’s Senior Executive Vice President and CFO, Daryl Bible. Now I’d like to turn the call over to Daryl.
Daryl Bible: Thank you, Brian and good morning everyone. As you will hear today on the call, 2023 mark a banner year for M&T Bank. On Slide 3, I want to acknowledge that the keys to our success to what continues to drive performance, remains our purpose, mission and operating principles. Our focus on making a difference in people’s lives and creating a positive impact in the communities we serve is core to how we operate. It is evident in how we show up for our communities in the moments of need like in Vermont and Lewiston, Maine, where we continue to help those impacted by tragedies. It is why we are committed to supporting small businesses that are the backbone of local economies. And it dictates how our charitable foundation which celebrated its 30th anniversary last year continues to uplift our partners. It is all done alongside our daily work of helping our customers achieve their financial goals. Turning to Slide 4. We are excited to see how deeply we’ve embedded sustainability across the bank and into our products and services. I look forward to sharing more information on the impact of our businesses when we release our 2023 sustainability report in the spring. Now, let’s turn to Slide 6. As we reflect on 2023, there are several successes to highlight. We continue to realize the benefits from the People’s United franchise and are pleased with the growth in New England with M&T finishing as top SBA lender in Connecticut. C&I loans grew by over $5 billion or 11% in 2023, aided by the growth in several specialty businesses brought over by People’s United. This C&I growth outpaced the reduction in CRE as we continue to optimize the way we serve these customers in the most capital-efficient manner possible. At the end of 2023, CRE loans represented approximately 25% of total loans. Our capital remains strong with a CET1 ratio near 11%. We continue to leverage our strong capital and liquidity levels to grow new customer accounts and relationships. We also reduced asset sensitivity in 2023 while protecting shareholder capital and value. However, our work is not done. We continue to recognize the value created by the merger with People’s United, while also bringing more capital efficient, neutral balance sheet that will produce stable and predictable revenue and earnings over the long term. Now, let’s review the highlights for the full year. Results for the full year 2023 were strong. We generated positive operating leverage, solid loan growth, improved expense control through the year and growth in EPS and strong returns. Our pre-tax pre-provision revenue, or PPNR, was $4.2 billion, up 22% from 2022 and we generated 3.9% positive operating leverage. Net charge-offs were 33 basis points, in line with our expectations and long-term average. GAAP net income was $2.7 billion. Diluted earnings per share were $15.79, up 37% from the prior year. As a reminder, ‘22 results included merger charges, gain on sale of our insurance business, and a sizable contribution to our charitable foundation, while 2023 included gain on the sale of the CIT business and the FDIC special assessment. If you exclude these items, adjusted diluted earnings per share were $15.72 during 2023, up 11% compared to 2022. Our adjusted returns were also very strong with return on assets of 1.33% and return on common equity of 11%. Turning to Slide 7, which shows the results of the fourth quarter were also strong. PPNR declined modestly from the linked quarter to just over $1 billion. C&I and consumer loan growth was strong. Expense control was evident as adjusted expenses declined 2% from the linked quarter and were down each consecutive quarter in 2023. Diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $2.74 for the fourth quarter. If we exclude the FDIC special assessment, adjusted diluted earnings per common share were $3.62. On an adjusted basis, M&T’s fourth quarter results produced an ROA and ROCE of 1.19% and 9.8%, respectively. Next, we will look a little deeper into the underlying trends that generated our fourth quarter results. Please turn to Slide 8. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $1.7 billion in the fourth quarter, down 3% from linked quarter. This decline was driven by higher interest rates on customer deposit funding and changing deposit mix, partially offset by higher interest rates on earning assets. Net interest margin was 3.61%, down 18 basis points from the linked quarter. The primary drivers of the decrease to the margin were an unfavorable deposit mix shift contributing a negative 7 basis points, the impact of higher rates on customer deposit funding, net of the benefit from higher rates on earning assets contributing a negative 5 basis points and a negative 6 basis points for carrying additional liquidity on the balance sheet. Turning to Slide 9 to look at the average balance sheet trends. Average investment securities were $27.5 billion, decreasing modestly during the fourth quarter. Average interest-bearing deposits at the Fed increased $3.5 billion to $30.2 billion. Due to our decision to have more liquidity on the balance sheet, this was mainly funded with strong deposit growth. Average loans increased slightly to $132.8 billion and average deposits grew $2 billion to $164.7 billion. Turning to Slide 10 to talk about average loans. Average loans and leases increased slightly. Growth in C&I and consumer loans outpaced declines in CRE and residential mortgage loans. Growth in C&I loans were driven largely by dealer, fund banking and corporate and institutional businesses. Loan yields increased 14 basis points to 6.33% with higher yields across all loan categories. Of note, the consumer loan yield increased 26 basis points as we continue to benefit from higher yields on new originations compared to yields on runoff balances. Turning to Slide 11. Our liquidity remains strong. At the end of the fourth quarter, investment securities and cash, including cash out at the Fed totaled $56.7 billion, representing 27% of total assets. The duration of the investment securities portfolio at the end of 2023 was about 3.7 years and the unrealized pretax loss and available-for-sale portfolio was only $251 million. Turning to Slide 12. We continue to focus on growing customer deposits, and we’re pleased with our growth in average deposits. Average deposits totaled grew $2 billion. Approximately 3/4 of that quarterly growth was from customer deposits. Average demand deposits declined $3.8 billion, reflecting a continued shift toward higher-yielding products such as sweeps, on market savings and time to profits. The mix of average non-interest-bearing deposits was 30% of total deposits compared to 33% sequentially. Excluding broker deposits, the non-interest-bearing deposit mix in the fourth quarter was 33%. Encouragingly, we saw the pace of deposit cost increases slow through the quarter. Continue on Slide 13. Non-interest income was $578 million, up 3% sequentially. The increase was largely driven by a strong quarter for commercial mortgage banking revenues, growth and trust income and a small unrealized gain on certain equity securities. Other income also benefited from higher loan syndication fees. The decrease in rates towards the end of the quarter drove the increase in commercial mortgage banking revenues. Turning to Slide 14. We continue to focus on controlling expenses. Non-interest expenses were $1.45 billion. Excluding the $197 million FDIC special assessment, non-interest expense were $1.25 billion, down 2% from linked quarter, and the adjusted efficiency ratio was 53.6%, largely unchanged from the third quarter. The decrease was driven by reductions in other expenses as a result of losses associated with certain retail banking activities in the linked quarter and lower merchant discount and credit card fees. The decrease in other expenses was partially offset by higher professional and other services. Salary and benefits decreased modestly from the third quarter as a result of lower average head count and seasonally lower benefit costs, partially offset by higher severance expenses. Next, let’s turn to Slide 15 for credit. Full year net charge-offs totaled 33 basis points in line with our long-term historical average and expectations were set out earlier in 2023. Net charge-offs for the quarter totaled $148 million or 44 basis points, up 15 basis points over the linked quarter. This quarter’s increase was largely driven by 3 office-related charge-offs located in New York City, Boston and Washington, D.C. and 2 C&I charge-offs related to an online retailer and to an RV dealer. Non-accrual loans have trended down each consecutive quarter since the first quarter of 2023. That trend continued in the fourth quarter with non-accrual loans declining $176 million from linked quarter to $2.2 billion. The non-accrual ratio declined 15 basis points from the third quarter to 1.62%. The decline was primarily driven by the transfer of certain loans to accrual, commercial payoffs and charge-offs on loans previously deemed non-accrual. Since the end of 2022, we have increased the allowance over $200 million, and the allowance to loan ratio was 13 basis points, ending 2023 at 1.59%. In the fourth quarter, we recorded a provision of $225 million compared to net charge-offs of $148 million. This resulted in an allowance build of $77 million this quarter and increased the allowance to loan ratio by 4 basis points. The current quarter build was primarily reflective of the commercial real estate values and higher interest rates contributing to modest deterioration in the performance of loans to commercial borrowers as well as loan growth in the C&I and consumer portfolios. Turning to Slide 16. When we file our Form 10-K in a few weeks, we estimate that the level of criticized loans will be $12.6 billion compared to $11.1 billion at the end of September. We completed thorough reviews, covering more than 60% of all CRB loans, including maturities in the next 12 months, construction loans, watch loans and all criticized loans. The increase in criticized CRE loans was tied to these reviews and to 2024 maturities were the prospect of continued higher rates could negatively impact performance of the portfolios or create shortfalls in debt service coverage or require interest reserves for construction loans. The growth in criticized C&I loans was not tied to any specific review, but rather completion of an annual review cycle and our ongoing quarterly update upon receipt of interim financials. Generally, our reviews do not incorporate any benefit of the forward curve at potentially lower interest rates. The 10 largest downgrades accounted for half of the total C&I downgrades and represented a range of industries. Common themes include pressures from higher interest rates and labor costs. During the fourth quarter, criticized non-owner-occupied C&I loans increased $663 million, accounting for 44% of the total increase in criticized loans. Criticized permanent CRE loans increased $441 million, representing 29% of the increase and criticized construction loans increased $375 million. Turn to Slide 17 and 18 for more details on the criticized loan portfolio. About 18% of the increase in criticized loans was driven by healthcare, 13% by multifamily and 9% are retail CRE loans. Loan to values remain strong for these loan types ranging from low 50% range for retail, mid-50% range for multifamily and high 50% range for healthcare. To date, modifications at maturity have had sponsors generally support their loans through replenishment of reserves, loan pay-downs and enhanced recourse. That is why our credit size has not led to growth in non-accruals. Our conservative underwriting and strong client selection has been supportive of these assets. Reflective of the financial strength of the portfolio diversification of our CRE borrowers, 96% of criticized accrual loan balances and 53% of non-accruals loans are paying as agreed. Turning to Slide 19 for capital. M&T’s CET1 ratio at the end of 2023 was an estimated 10.98% compared to 10.95% at the end of the third quarter. The increase was due in part to continued pause in repurchase in shares, combined with continued strong capital generation. At the end of December, the negative AOCI impact on CET1 ratio for available-for-sale securities and pension-related components would be approximately 20 basis points. Now turning to Slide 20 for outlook. First, let’s talk about the economic outlook. We see so-called soft landing scenario as having the highest probability, but the possibility remains for mild recession brought down by lagged impact of rate hikes from last year. We are encouraged to be continued strong performance by the consumer as continued drag gains as well as wage growth above inflation helped drive consumer spending. Consumer spending has slowed enough to alleviate inflation pressure for many goods and services. We expect that to continue in 2024. Inflation figures remain above the Fed target of 2%, chiefly because of rents and home prices. While the prices of many consumer goods have fallen and inflation for consumer services has slowed. We expect weakness seen in rent listings to play through to the official inflation data in 2024 and helping to bring the headline inflation figures down. Our outlook incorporates the forward curve that has multiple 25 basis point Fed cuts in 2024. With that backdrop, let’s review our net interest income outlook. We expect taxable net interest income to be in the $6.7 billion to $6.8 billion range and net interest margin in the 350. This outlook reflects the impact of higher deposit funding costs and the impact of different interest rate scenarios. As we have discussed, we continue to carry a high level of liquidity. Our current level of HQLA is about $46 billion, which is 2/3 in the cash and 1/3 in investment securities. In 2024, we started to shift some cash into securities. This, combined with other potential hedging actions can help protect the downside risk for NII from lower rates, but may reduce NII in 2024. We expect full year average loan and lease balances to be in the $135 billion to $136 billion range. We expect growth in C&I and consumer but anticipate declines in CRE and residential mortgages. Average deposits are expected to be in the $163 billion to $165 billion range. We are focused on growing customer deposits at a reasonable cost. The level of broker deposits is expected to decline through the year. Turning to fees. We expect non-interest income to be in the $2.3 billion to $2.4 billion range. We expect solid fee income across many business lines. Lower rates will help drive stronger residential and commercial mortgage banking revenue Trust income is expected to grow from current levels from higher valuations and increasing clients. Turning to expenses. We anticipate non-interest expenses, including intangible amortization to be in the $5.25 billion to $5.3 billion range. This outlook includes our typical first quarter seasonal salary and benefit increase, which is estimated to be $110 million. We also included the outlook to be approximately $53 million for intangible amortization. Our business lines are focused on holding their expenses flat while allowing us to continue to invest in the franchise and our key priorities. These priorities include growing the New England and Long Island markets, optimizing resources in both expense savings and revenue generation transferring our systems and processes, making them more resilient and scalable and continuing to build out our risk management. Turning to credit. We expect net charge-offs for the full year to be near 40 basis points due to the ongoing credit cost normalization in the loan portfolio and resolution of some stress credits. We expect that the taxable equivalent rate to be 24.5%, plus or minus 50 basis points. Finally, as it relates to capital, our capital, coupled with limited investment security works has been a clear differentiator for M&T. The strength of our balance sheet is extraordinary. We take our responsibility to manage our shareholders’ capital very seriously and will return more when it is appropriate to do that. Our businesses are performing very well, and we are growing new relationships each and everyday. While every economic uncertainty is improving, our share repurchase remains on hold. Our decision to resume share repurchases will consider the results of the 2024 internal and supervisory stress test, including the stress test capital buffer. Additional clarity on Basel III end game regulations and continued stabilization and economic conditions as it relates to the probability of a mild recession. That said, we continue to use our capital for organic growth and growing new customer relationships. Buybacks have always been part of our core capital distribution strategy and well again in the future. In the meantime, our strong balance sheet will continue to differentiate us with our clients, communities, regulators, investors and rating agencies. On Slide 21, there is a summary of three enhancements we made to our financial reporting. First, we reclassified the substantial majority of owner-occupied loans and related interest income from CRE to C&I loans. This better aligns with the classification with the underlying management and repayment source of the loans. Second, in the upcoming 10-K we are changing our operating segments to reflect how management organizes its businesses to make operating decisions, allocate capital resources and assess performance. Third, as certain categories have started to attribute more or less to our expense base, we opted to include printing, postage and supplies and other costs and operations and break out professional and other services as a distinct line item in the income statement. To conclude, on Slide 22, our results underscore an optimistic investment thesis. Why the economic uncertainty remains high, that is when M&T has historically outperformed peers. M&T has always been a purpose-driven organization with a successful business model that benefits all stakeholders, including shareholders. We have a long track record of credit outperformance through all economic cycles while growing in the markets we serve. We remain focused on shareholder returns and consistent dividend growth. Finally, we are disciplined, inquirer and prudent steward of shareholder capital. Our integration of People’s United is complete, and we are confident in the ability to realize our potential post merger. Now let’s open up the call to questions before which Michael will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Hi Daryl, how are you?
Daryl Bible: I’m good Gerard, how are you?
Gerard Cassidy: Good. Can you give us a flavor for when you guys look at the capital structure of M&T as you’re putting out, it’s quite strong, and we get beyond Basel III end game and you see what your new stress capital buffer will potentially be. What do you see a comfortable level of CET1 on a longer-term basis once those two unknowns are known and you can factor that into your thinking?
Daryl Bible: I would say it depends, obviously, on the environment that you’re in and whether we’re doing a transaction or not doing a transaction. But you typically would want to operate with a buffer of maybe 50 to 100 basis points over what’s required from the regulations and what we have there would probably be a way to probably peg it.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay. Very good. And then based on the experience of M&T, obviously, over a long period of time, you’ve guys put out in your investor deck that your credit losses generally are below peers. With the increases in your criticized loans that you’ve shown today, the C&I and CRE. Do you still feel comfortable that you guys can maintain that kind of long-term track record of being better than the peers on the credit losses?
Daryl Bible: Yes. Yes. I think it’s a long history here at M&T. I mean if you look at it, we have been a disciplined selection on client selection, sponsorship and underwriting, and our loss history is really low and kind of shows that. The future remains uncertain. But if you look at it, it’s not a predictor of the past, and we’re going to lean in on our client selection and underwriting approach has really not changed. LTVs are strong, and we have a really good approach to our underwriting. Our largest sponsors that we have right now are supporting their credits, they are putting money into credit refinancing. And many of the charge-offs that we realized in ‘23 came from, what I would say, not long-term clients. They are more financial or institutional type money. But over the long-term, we think that our client selection will win the day.
Gerard Cassidy: Just quickly to follow-up on that. Is it safe to assume that the criticized loans more a reflection of market conditions rather than a change in underwriting stand as 2 or 3 years ago that have led to these types of increases?
Daryl Bible: Yes. If you look at where the increases came from multifamily, it’s really more interest rate driven is really what’s driving that. It might have a little bit higher operating cost. But for the most part, their NOI business models are performing very well. So eventually, over time, I think that will cure ourselves and do relatively well. If you look at construction, construction overall is actually outperforming what’s going on out there. there is stress in some of the takeouts right now. But as rates come down, I think agency takeouts will actually help in that sector.  On the healthcare side, right now, it’s really more of a reimbursement problem. While – and costs are going up, it takes a while for them to get better reimbursement costs. So I think that will help over time. There is a lot of demand in that sector. And I think as costs level off, plus there is an active takeout market through agencies like HUD from that perspective. In the office, if you look at office, the one advantage we have in office is that we have a really good distribution of maturities. Over two-thirds of our maturities start in ‘26 and beyond. So I think that’s a positive. And the other property types we have like retail and hotel are generally stable to improving.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. Thank you for the color.
Operator: And our next question comes from Manan Gosalia with Morgan Stanley.
Manan Gosalia: Hi. Good morning. Can you talk about the puts and takes on the NII guide? I know you’re asset sensitive with the buildup in liquidity and the skew to commercial. So if we get more or fewer rate cuts and what’s in the forward curve, what happens with NII? And then I think you mentioned your – you started the year, putting some more – or deploy some more of your cash into securities. Can you talk about what duration you’re taking on there and what that would mean for the asset sensitivity?
Daryl Bible: Yes. So the guide that we gave at $6.7 billion to $6.8 billion. I would say with our 325 basis point cut would be at the higher end of that range. sent closer to $6.8 billion, I think, from that perspective. If rates go maybe five cuts or six cuts maybe or maybe a lower end of that range. We’ve decided that over the next couple of quarters, we’re going to try to move as close as you can to a neutral position. We started to put some money into securities, and we will continue to do some hedges and interest rate swaps. We’re going to average in over time, we’re going to do it all at once and just kind of dollar average in to get it more neutral so that we can produce stable and predictable earnings over time and not have impact on interest rates. So I think we feel pretty good about what we’re seeing there. And from a deposit beta perspective, I would tell you that deposit betas maybe or close to peaking from that perspective. Maybe our net interest margin is close to bottoming out maybe in the next quarter or two. So I feel actually pretty good that we will be able to start to grow NII maybe towards the second half of the year and definitely into 2025.
Manan Gosalia: Got it. And maybe just a couple of short questions on credit. I mean I think you mentioned that the reviews on commercial real estate do not take in the forward curve. So does that mean that if the forward curve plays through that criticized assets should come down? Or as you scrubbed through the remaining 40% of the book that, that could put some upward pressure there. And then I’m sorry if I missed it, but did you give what your updated office reserves were? Because I know you built some reserves during this quarter.
Daryl Bible: Yes. Yes, let me take your first question first. So, we really don’t take into account the forward curve when we go through the review that we’re doing. A lot of the properties, like I said earlier, like multifamily is more rate driven than anything else. Their business models are intact. So you have good NOI. I would say, as rates fall, if rates go maybe 100 basis points or more, that could be and probably will be a positive impact for our credit costs. Now it may not flow in as rates actually materialize and have to come through when we’re doing our next review but with that pressure, I think, would alleviate and probably have an impact on the levels that you’re seeing from that perspective. From an office perspective, that part of the sector is a little bit different because it also has some structural challenges. So if you look at that, that’s going to probably play out more over time. it’s going to be when leases and vacancy rates kind of mature off. We’re just blessed to have a longer time from a maturity perspective, which is great planning from the credit team. The top risk that we have there are embedded in the ratings and reserves that we have. valuations that we have, I think, takes into account the risk. I think we’re around 4.4% right now. So I think we feel good at that. And if you look at the real cover will be when leases mature and you have resizing risk, what’s going to happen at that point. But we have a lot of time for that to play out. I would tell you, if you just look at the Signature transaction, there is a lot of money out on the sidelines that will definitely come in and play and be there. Right now, there is a difference between bid-ask spreads, but there is money that will come into the market at some point.
Manan Gosalia: Great. Did you say the office reserve was 4.4%?
Daryl Bible: Yes.
Manan Gosalia: Okay. So did the reserve build come somewhere else in the portfolio because I know you built reserves this quarter?
Daryl Bible: We did. I would say reserve builds were mainly driven by the increase in criticized. If you look at our page that we have in the slide deck, the actual office criticized numbers actually fell. Our increases in criticized were in healthcare and multifamily and in hotel. And those are really ones driving the increase. That was probably two-thirds of the increase. The other third was due to the loan growth that we had, which was C&I and consumer loans. So you can kind of see that the build wasn’t that large for the increases that we had. We just really don’t feel we have a lot of loss component because of the loan-to-value ratios that we have and the collateral that we have on those transactions.
Manan Gosalia: Got it. Thank you.
Daryl Bible: Yes.
Operator: And we have our next question from John Pancari with Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: Good morning. Just on the – just back to the reserve. I know you cited that it did account for current real estate valuations and changes there. What – and I know you gave us the LTVs, you cited a few of them. Are they refreshed LTVs? And if not, what type of valuation declines are you seeing in your – as you work through the office portfolio specifically?
Daryl Bible: Yes. So when we have done these reviews, I would say we have about 60% of the CRE portfolio. That’s been a very thorough review. Obviously, we’re picking the larger one to ones that are in larger cities that might have more risk from a valuation decline. We’re being probably on average about a 20% decrease in valuations. Our valuations are probably current within the last year or so. So we feel really good with that. We continue to have reviews every quarter. And continue to be very thorough on how we’re looking at that. But I think the reserves we have today, I feel pretty good about it.
John Pancari: Okay. Thank you. And one more just on that, if I could, on the criticized scrub that you did. Is that – was that just that? Was that more of a scrub of the portfolio. It sounds like the way you described it, it was. And if so, could – do you expect less of an increase in criticized assets and related reserve build from this level?
Daryl Bible: John, I would love to tell you that this is the peak of our criticized. We have to finish up what we did. The majority of our construction loans, we have a little bit more construction loans to do this next quarter. And we’re always subject to getting more information in as we get new financials and new vacancy information and all that. But I feel pretty good that we did a very thorough review of what we have out there. We really looked at all the spots that we thought. We’d have the most risk and really took that into account. But I can’t here tell you today that we’re at the top at some point, hopefully, we will be able to say that.
John Pancari: Great. Alright. Thanks, Daryl. 
Operator: And we have our next question from Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Good morning, Daryl.
Daryl Bible: Good morning.
Ebrahim Poonawala: So I guess just on this criticized, nonaccruals on credit in general, given the work you’ve done, I’m sorry if I missed this, like should we expect – so far, the growth in criticized has not reflected in – or been sort of translated into non-accruals. Should we and expect that to change as you see some of your customers all feel more pressure given just the lagged impact of the rate cycle? Or could we still see non-accruals trend lower? And then what drives criticized lower from where we are today? Is it just time and maturity of these loans? Or could we see a pretty decent decline over the coming quarters?
Daryl Bible: I think the increase that we have today was basically a review of looking at everything that we have out there. And I would tell you that interest rates probably was the biggest one. Labor cost was probably the next biggest increase. There was a little bit of increase in C&I as well. And then C&I, there was nothing idiosyncratic there. There was a mixture of – if you look at it, the largest 13 credits, seven different industries. So it’s pretty diverse from that perspective. So we feel pretty good overall with where we stand. Only 6% of our criticized has gone into non-accrual, at kind of what our historical numbers have been. And when I talked when – Gerard asked the question, we really feel good about our client selection. We’re seeing our sponsors and clients really stand up and really support these credits. And we think that what we haven’t classified is the right direction. That doesn’t mean a few may not flip into non-accrual. But I think for the most part, we don’t really see a large period of losses. If we did, we would have had to put more in the reserves, and that’s – that what we’re seeing we’re projecting.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. And I guess maybe one question on capital. One another regional bank earlier this week talked about the need for scale for regional banks coming out of what happened last March. You all have been acquisitive from time to time very in a very deliberate way. Just talk to us in terms of, one, appetite to do bank deals as they come through over the next 12 to 18 months? And secondly, like – do you see the landscape becoming rich with deal opportunities as we move forward?
Daryl Bible: M&T has always done acquisitions and have grown over the years. Our business model is really to stick to the regions that we’re in and to really meet the needs of those communities. And we like to grow share in those markets. So whether you need scale or not, I’ve been on both sides of that right now. And I would tell you that it’s not something you have to have, it’s something if it makes sense. I mean when you acquire somebody, you got to make sure it’s a good cultural fit, first and foremost, that is critical. You have to really make sure that if you get synergies that those come through, both on the expense and revenue side. So we closed on Peoples. We’re starting to get – got all the cost synergies. We’re in the midst of investing now more into New England and Long Island. So we’re going to continue to grow that. It usually takes, I would say, 3 to 5 years to really get the total performance from these acquisitions. So we still have a lot of work to do from that. I’m sure down the road, M&T is a favorite acquirer, somebody might want to sell to us at some point. But right now, we got a lot of work in front of us. And we’re focused on really making that. It’s one of our top four priorities right now, and we’re going to do that and deliver that.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Excellent. Thank you, Daryl.
Operator: And we have our next question from Frank Schiraldi with Piper Sandler.
Frank Schiraldi: Good morning.
Daryl Bible: Good morning.
Frank Schiraldi: Daryl, you mentioned the considerations for getting back to the buyback. Is it reasonable to think that maybe the last trigger or the last consideration is the stress test [indiscernible]. And so just wondering, is the second half of ‘24, do you think the more likely scenario for restarting repurchases?
Daryl Bible: Frank, I would love to be buying shares back, especially at the level that we’re trading at right now. I think it’s a really good value. Right now, we just want to make sure that we go through the stress test, we find out where our limits are. We got to make sure there is a lot of uncertainty out there, and we just don’t want to go into a recession and if we do that, probably would hold back for those purposes. But – we’re in the midst of really making a really strong bank. We’re really changing it to be less relying on balance sheet, commercial real estate and really more driven through off-balance sheet products and services, and we’re growing our other businesses, both on the balance sheet and in fees, and we’re really excited about that. I promise you we will do share repurchases. I can’t tell you when that’s going to happen, but it is core to our strategy, and we will definitely do that when we think it’s appropriate.
Frank Schiraldi: Okay. And then just a quick one, if I could, on the deposits, non-interest-bearing balances. Just your thoughts on – you talked I think about deposit costs beginning to – or beta is beginning to stabilize. Any thoughts on levels of non-interest-bearing from here? Are you starting to see stabilization in balances around this 30% of total deposit number? And then as part of that, can you just talk about how trust balances played into the linked quarter change in noninterest-bearing, if at all?
Daryl Bible: Yes. No, that’s good questions. So we did see through the quarter – in the fourth quarter that our DDA balances were starting to stabilize. That’s one of the biggest components of what’s impacting net interest income is that migration from DDA into sweeps. Hopefully, that will kind of play out in the next quarter or two as that kind of stabilizes. I think when you look at the retail side of the chain, we still grow our CD book, that will probably continue as to rates really start to fall. You didn’t really see growth in CDs till we got over 3%. So we will probably have to go down a little bit before that growth following slows down a bit. But it’s important that we price that correctly. In our disclosures, we combine our retail CDs with our broker CDs and I did say in the prepared remarks that we probably plan to shrink our broker CDs over time. So that category will probably fall throughout the year, but it’s probably driven more by non-clients. From a trust perspective, it had a modest impact on it. I would say it wasn’t that big of an impact from that. It was really just drop in more in the commercial space for the most part.
Frank Schiraldi: Okay. Alright. Great, thank you.
Daryl Bible: You are welcome.
Operator: And we have our next question from Erika Najarian with UBS.
Erika Najarian: Hi. Daryl, just a few follow-up questions, please. On the non line of questioning, I am wondering, what is your current assumption for downside beta for the first 100 basis points of cuts? And is there anything about this cycle where we can’t look at historical precedents in terms of volume reaction or cumulative beta reaction to the Fed easing?
Daryl Bible: Yes. So, if you look at our betas on a cumulative basis going up, we are now in the low-50% range, but that includes the broker piece of that. So, if you take that away, we are probably in the mid-40s. And on the downside, I would probably say early on, we will start probably in the 40s on the way down as well. And as it goes down, though, you won’t be able to sustain that because while we increased a lot of our rates higher in the commercial area and our wealth area and some of our institutional areas, so those will come down as they went up. The retail side really did not come down, didn’t go up as much, so it won’t come down as much. So, if you were down 100 basis points or 200 basis points, you are actually going to have a declining beta impact is probably what you are going to see play out depending on how much the Fed actually lowers rates. But I think early on, you are going to see something similar to that on the way down in the 40s would be my best guess.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And a follow-up question on credit. How should we think about the progression of your ACL ratio from here? I know you mentioned in the prepared remarks, you had already built up your reserve pretty significantly. As we think about normalization and whatever maturity walls you have in the CRE, should we expect that your ACL ratios to continue to build from here? I mean this is sort of our first go at CECL with charge-offs actually going up.
Daryl Bible: Alright. I know, it is, we feel really good where our reserve is right now. I can’t promise it’s not going to go up. But we have been – done a very thorough review of all of our – what we think are higher risk type credits in the CRE space, in the commercial space as well. So, no promises that it can’t go up anymore, but we feel really good where we are today and where we are reserved.
Erika Najarian: Thanks Daryl.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.
Bill Carcache: Thank you. Good morning Daryl. Can you take us inside some of the discussions that you are having with your commercial clients? And how confident are you that the ingredients are in place for a reacceleration in loan growth, if indeed, the soft landing scenario plays out?
Daryl Bible: I – if you look at what our clients have been saying, for the most part, they have been more on the sidelines and really been leery of investing in their businesses. I think it’s actually, I get kind of excited. If the Fed just lowers rates just a little bit, I think their markets will get excited and you are going to have some things take off, and there will be a lot more investment, which will help the lending side. I actually will get more excited on the fee side as well. We saw a fair amount of activity just in December with the move that we had in the yield curve in treasuries, where there was a lot of pent-up demand and we were able to do some placements in our commercial mortgage area, and you saw that flow through with some fee income. So, I get kind of excited that if the Fed just lowers rates just a little bit, I think we are going to have more momentum come through than what you are actually seeing maybe in the guide that we have.
Bill Carcache: That’s really helpful. Thank you. And then following up on Erika’s question, on the reserve rate trajectory within CRE, some have indicated that in this environment, they would be more likely to maintain reserve rates in office CRE as charge-offs occur. Is it reasonable to expect that there would be a lag between when we see peak losses in CRE and when you actually start to release reserves?
Daryl Bible: We go through the analysis. I mean it’s a model, right. And it’s based on our variables. So, if you look at the variables we had this past quarter, the variables for like GDP and unemployment were basically unchanged. And they actually got a little bit better on creepy [ph] and on HPI. So, that actually helped in the reserve calculation. So, we are using the macro variables coupled with what – how we think that the credits are rated from a credit perspective and it all comes together. From a timing perspective, I think it’s hard to say exactly when reserves will get adjusted. Right now, we feel good with what we have given what our risk is that we know right now on the credit side. But over time, probably, there will be some reserves, but it releases by – you just don’t know when that’s going to happen. So, it’s all – more model-driven.
Bill Carcache: Very helpful. Thanks Daryl.
Daryl Bible: Okay.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brian Foran with Autonomous.
Brian Foran: Hi guys. So, one question going back to this beta on the way down that I sometimes get from investors and I never have a very good answer. And you guys historically been pretty good about thinking about normalized margins and drivers. So hopefully, you can do better than me. We all talk about deposit costs as the problem. But if I think about deposit margins over time and I know there is different ways to measure them, but relative to Fed funds, the spread between deposits and Fed funds is basically at an all-time high for you in the industry. It’s a little less extreme relative to 2-year and 5-year treasuries, but it’s still elevated or even just more simplistically, like your deposit costs today are still a little bit lower than they were. I know, said in the last time the Fed was here. So, I know a lot has changed over time, but just have you thought about that? Does it make sense that deposit margins or liability margins more broadly or kind of higher than they have been historically and where on your worry list is the idea that because they are pretty high to start with, maybe as the Fed cuts. Betas aren’t 40% or 50% they are 20% or 30%?
Daryl Bible: Yes. I would say – I think it was Erika’s question for when I was saying as rates fall, as the beta will start to come down just because the consumer side did not go up as much. So, I think we will start off at a higher pace. But as that comes down, that will be less from that. If you look at it, I actually like the level of interest rates where we are today. I mean we are in the low-5s is where the Fed is. If we stay, let’s say, in the 4% range or maybe even as low as 3%. As long as we price our assets and deposits appropriately, to getting back to basic business and we get good spreads on that. There is no reason we can will have very healthy net interest margins for a very long period of time. It’s all about pricing your assets and deposits frankly making sure you are putting prepayment language in on your fixed loans and making sure you are pricing deposits appropriately. But it’s a great environment for banking and margins. I feel really good from that. Would we trend higher than where we are today, probably over time, but it really comes down to discipline. You really work on the asset mix change at that time. In times like that, when rates tend to be in that time period, economy seems to be going pretty well. So, you probably have good loan growth out there and pretty decent deposit growth. So, I actually get excited once rates come down a little bit, and we can really operate the bank. Historically, I think we will have good, really good returns.
Brian Foran: And maybe as a follow-up, your predecessor has the theme of kicking off this whole deposit and margin worry cycle at the Barclays conference a couple of years ago. I think at that time, the original message was the NIM was for 4 or 4.1. And through the cycle, you thought 3.6 to 3.9 was a normalized range. Is that still the thinking like we will be at 3.5 or so in ‘24, but normalized at some point in the future is 3.6 to 3.9?
Daryl Bible: I think that’s pretty much spot on, Brian. But I would say. Darren did a great job in this role, and he also called exactly what our charge-offs were going to be in the beginning of the year, and they came in pretty much spot on. So, he did a great job in this role. But when I look at it and see what’s happening, if I call it right, maybe we bottom in the next quarter or two quarters and then it just margin then we can start growing from there. So, I am pretty much in that camp as well.
Brian Foran: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan.
Steven Alexopoulos: Hey. Good morning Daryl.
Daryl Bible: Good morning.
Steven Alexopoulos: Maybe to start – to actually start where you just ended, so that normalized NIM range, 3.6 to 3.9, if we think about your commentary right, you want to move the balance sheet to a more neutral position. Is there any reason in whatever a normal curve looks like, we haven’t seen it in a while, that you couldn’t move to the upper end of that range. I think most would be disappointed if you were 3.6, like why wouldn’t you move to the very upper end of that range?
Daryl Bible: Steve, I don’t know, I suspect.
Steven Alexopoulos: I am not going to – here by I am just talking about 2025, 2026, because is there a reason that you are not going to be 3.75 margin bank?
Daryl Bible: I feel really good at the way we are positioned. What makes us so strong is we are really good at how we price our assets. But what really makes it is that we are great at growing operating accounts. And that funding source is really starting to come back on and growing nicely. So, we always have and probably will have a top quartile net interest margin. So, I feel really good about that. We may operate a little bit lower just because we are going to carry a little bit more liquidity. Right now, we are carrying about $4 billion more liquidity just because we increased our internal stress liquidity scenarios based upon some of the learnings that we had from earlier in the year from that perspective. So, that cost us 6 basis points this quarter, it doesn’t really impact NII a whole lot, but it impacts your margin just because you were sending water on assets and liabilities, they don’t make anything. But I feel really good in this rate environment, managing a balance sheet and doing the right thing for our customers and for our communities is really what banking is all about, and I think we will be able to execute and perform really well in that environment.
Steven Alexopoulos: Got it. Okay. And just as a follow-up. So, I know you have had 10 questions already on commercial real estate. But if we look at this deep dive you did covering 60% of all commercial real estate loans, one, what are you learning? I don’t know if you are talking to building owners as you work through that process. But as these come due, you have $1 billion or so and criticized. What’s the expected work out? Will they put more equity in? What are you expecting? And then when you called out the 4.4% office reserve, is that a general reserve on the office portfolio? Are those specific credits coming due where you are anticipating losses? Thanks.
Daryl Bible: Yes. I mean the 4.4 is really a general amount. There could be a little bit of specific embedded in that. But it’s – the bulk of it is more of a general reserve from what we are seeing from that perspective. We are seeing our clients or sponsors really step up and really support these credits. We think that with charge-offs that we had this past year were really more financial and institutional oriented. But our sponsors because they are long-term real estate owners of the property, I mean they basically own properties where they want to own them in a certain block and city of where they have it. So, it’s really long-term oriented. They tend to have really low tax basis in these properties, and they are going to support these credits over time. So, that’s really what we are seeing there. When we go through and look at whether we should grade it as criticized or not, you are seeing some pressure on the debt service coverage ratio. Once it falls under 1.1, it goes into the 11, which is a criticized camp. But the vast majority of what we have in criticized is between 1 and 1.1. Yes, we had 1s under 1 in that level, but the vast majority we have there. So, over time I think those will cure and won’t result in loss for the most part. We did raise losses up a little bit for ‘24. Some of that was really normalization on the consumer portfolio. And then some of it is maybe working out a few more credits off. But for the most part, what we have in criticized is not materializing into losses.
Steven Alexopoulos: Got it. That’s perfect color. Thanks for taking my questions.
Daryl Bible: Yes.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Thanks. Good morning Daryl. First question on the securities book, trunk a little bit, but also the yield was flattish, let’s call it. I am just wondering how you could tell us through how you are thinking about both the size of the securities book going forward and also, what are you picking up on maturities as they are going back in if we are starting to see this kind of flattish type of yield situation. Thanks.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So, we had a couple of things going on there. So, if you look at what we have right now, we are probably going to take anywhere from $3 billion to $5 billion this year and move from cash into the securities book over time. We are going to really focus on non-convex type securities. We don’t have extension. So, if we buy something at a duration of 3 years, it stays in a 3 years perspective. Yields that we are seeing right now are probably in the mid-4s plus or minus. So, I think that’s going on pretty well. The other good benefit that we have is we have about $9 billion of U.S. treasuries. Those U.S. treasuries average a yield close to 2%. So, those are going to re-price and we are going to put those back out and probably 2-year, 3-year, 4-year type duration or maturity treasuries and we are going to re-price up over 200 basis points there. So, I think that’s a real positive. So, we are seeing a nice uplift in the securities portfolio. The other thing to note, and I will just switch over to the loan book, Ken, if you don’t mind, is that on the consumer book, our auto didn’t really grow, but the volume we put on in our auto lending was like 250 basis points higher than what it was rolling off at. If you look at the RV portfolio, and that did grow some this past quarter. That was also up a couple of hundred basis points with a higher yield. So, we are – from a reactivity perspective, our fixed portfolios are starting to really show and perform and have much higher yields.
Ken Usdin: Yes, that’s great. Actually, it was going to be my follow-up on the loans side is, do you have a broader way of helping us think through either the proportion of that book that’s fixed and re-prices over the next year or 2 years?
Daryl Bible: It’s – I would say, it’s mainly in the consumer book is the book that’s probably going to re-price higher. From a C&I and CRE perspective, most of that is more floating because we are more like 60% floating, 40% fixed. So, if you look at it like that, mortgage portfolio, for the volume we put on in mortgage will be I think probably at attractive yields. There is not a lot of activity. We are going to originate and sell all conforming. So, we generate fee income and not put it on the balance sheet, but we will support our clients and wealth. We will support our customers that we have for moderate and low income housing. So, there will be some volumes that go on in those portfolios. So, that will re-price higher. That would just be a little bit slower because the volumes won’t be as high.
Ken Usdin: And sorry, one more final one just, you mentioned earlier the ongoing thought process of getting more of the production off balance sheet and kind of switching NII into fees. I am just wondering where you are in that process and build out and infrastructure? And within that, do you have an idea of where you think that the right commercial real estate on balance sheet concentration of the loan book should be versus the current 25%? Thanks.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So, I would say our plans right now are to bring our CRE portfolio down probably another $3 billion. If you look in the last couple of years, we have been shrinking CRE about $3 billion a year. That gives us time to basically work with our clients and meet their needs with more off-balance sheet alternatives. So, we are doing it on a measured pace so we can do it and still meet the needs of our good long-term clients from that perspective. As far as what percentage we are going to head for, I know it’s going to be lower than 25%, I can’t tell you. You got a couple of things going on, CRE shrinking and the other portfolio increasing. So, my guess is, you will probably see it drop a little bit faster than you won’t might expect [ph] if we are successful or growing C&I and some of our consumer book.
Ken Usdin: Got it. Thanks Daryl.
Daryl Bible: You’re welcome.
Operator: And we have our next question from Chris Spahr with Wells Fargo Securities.
Chris Spahr: Hi. Good afternoon. Daryl, this is about expenses and the efficiency ratio. I mean this is going back a while ago that you, at one point, M&T had a 50% to 55% efficiency target. I know you haven’t been updated in some time. I am just wondering what do you think – given that the efficiency will creep higher in ‘24 based on the guide, what do you think the efficiency will settle in with your normalized NIM?
Daryl Bible: Yes. So, when you look at efficiency ratio, it’s all about growing revenues faster than expenses. That’s really what I kind of look at from that perspective. We really have a challenging time in ‘24 growing revenue so much just because we got net interest margin coming down some. So, my hope is that it levels off ‘24 and starts to grow later in ‘24. So, we can start in ‘25 and start to have positive operating leverage from that perspective. I would tell you I am very pleased with working with the leadership team that we have here at M&T. We all agreed to come in and all business lines came in with flat expenses and basically finding cost cuts to cover their merit increases, and they kind of did that in their own businesses. So, I think that was really well done from that perspective. We are guiding up a couple of percent just because we are making some investments and some really key projects like digital, like data. We have two transformations going on right now, one in finance, the other in commercial. We are investing in our treasury management businesses. So, we have got a lot of investments. But given our leadership team, I feel good that we will be able to contain what growth we need there and that we won’t have – the goal would be to have revenue real faster than expenses is really what we try to shoot for, and that will kind of drive good positive operating leverage.
Chris Spahr: So, as a follow-up, so do you think you can manage like a few percent growth in expenses in ‘25 and ‘26 kind of just based on kind of your budgeting experience, notwithstanding like kind of activity or volume-driven expenses.
Daryl Bible: Yes. I mean when I look at the levers that we have on the expense side, there is a lot of opportunities. If you look at it, our procurement and sourcing areas are continuing to improve and get better in that area, I think we still have opportunities in our corporate real estate area to get more square feet down over time. We are really working with workforce management and really how to do our operations the most efficiently possible I think our call centers have a lot of opportunity from an automation perspective. One of our themes that we have in 2024 is simplification, really trying to simplify what we are doing today. So, on the transformations that are going on, how we do this, we will have less processes and much more simple way, getting things done in a much more efficient way of getting them done from that perspective. For me, it always comes down to how we prioritize, we are going to prioritize in the priorities that we have in this company, and I talked about those projects. If we can focus on those and really not have any other of the other investments kind of play out, we can control expenses really well and to continue to generate positive operating leverage as we get revenues to start to grow again.
Chris Spahr: Sorry. And one last ticky-tack question. Bayview, what is the – do you have any estimate on what that would be for this year?
Daryl Bible: Yes. We aren’t 100% sure, but I would say 20 plus or minus would be our best estimate right now.
Chris Spahr: Thank you.
Operator: And that does conclude today’s question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Brian Klock for closing remarks.
Brian Klock: Thanks Michael and thanks everyone for participating in our call today. If there are any follow-up questions, you can call our Investor Relations department at 716-842-5138. Thank you again and have a good day.
Operator: This does conclude today’s program. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-18 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the M&T Bank’s Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Brian Klock, Head of Market and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Brian Klock: Thank you, Angela and good morning. I’d like to thank everyone for participating in M&T’s third quarter 2023 earnings conference call both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it, along with the financial tables and schedules by going to our website, www.mtb.com. Once there, you can click on the Investor Relations link and then on the Events and Presentations link. Also, before we start, I’d like to mention that today’s presentation may contain forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information are included in today’s earnings release materials and in the investor presentation as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. Presentation also includes non-GAAP financial measures as identified in the earnings release and in the investor presentation. The appropriate reconciliations to GAAP are included in the appendix. Joining me on the call this morning is M&T’s Senior Executive Vice President and CFO, Daryl Bible. Now I’d like to turn the call over to Daryl.
Daryl Bible: Thank you, Brian and good morning everyone. Let’s start with our purpose, mission and operating principles on Slide 3. I would like to thank our more than 22,000 M&T colleagues for all their hard work, whether serving our customers or our communities, our employees continue to deliver on our purpose, making a difference in people’s lives. This purpose drives our operating principles. We believe in local scale, that is combining local knowledge and hands-on customer service of Community Bank with the resources of a large financial institution. Our 28 communities are led by on-the-ground regional presidents. Their knowledge allows us to better understand and meet the needs of our customers and communities. And importantly, this approach continues to produce strong results for our shareholders. Our local scale has led to superior credit performance, top deposit share and high operating and capital efficiency over the long-term. Moving to Slide 4. Our seasoned, talent and diverse board are keys to gaining in-depth understanding of our customers’ needs and expectations. We have sound technology solutions, coupled with caring employees, which provide a differentiated client experience. Please turn to Slide 5. This slide showcases how we activate our purpose through our operating principles. When our customers and communities succeed, we all succeed. Our investment in enhancing the customer experience and delivering impactful products, have fueled organic growth. We also believe in supporting small business owners who play a vital role in our communities. Despite operating in only 12 states, we are ranked as #6 SBA lender in the country, the 15th consecutive year M&T is ranked in the nation’s top 10 SBA lenders. And for the first time, we have finished as the top SBA lender in Connecticut, an important milestone following our acquisitions of Peoples United. Our commitment to supporting the communities we serve extends to affordable housing projects, with almost $2.3 billion in financing and over 2,600 home loans for low and moderate income residents. Additionally, M&T Bank and our Charitable Foundation granted over $47 million in support of our communities in 2022 and approximately $30 million so far in 2023. Please turn to Slide 6. Here we highlight our ongoing commitment to the environment. Last year, we invested over $230 million in renewable energy sector and have significantly reduced our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions since 2019. Our ESG report was published in July, but I encourage you to review this slide for some of the highlights. M&T’s ESG ratings have improved at Moody’s, MSCI and Sustainalytics. Turning to Slide 8. There are several successes to highlight this quarter. We continue to see growth in auto dealerships as well as specialty businesses. We continue to grow customer deposits despite increasing competition and building on the strong liquidity position and comparative strength of our financial position in the industry allows us to continue lending in support of communities and local businesses. We remain focused on diligently managing expenses. Our third quarter results continue to reflect the strength of our core earnings power. Third quarter revenues have grown 4% compared to last year’s third quarter. Pre-provision net revenues have increased 4% to $1.1 billion. Credit remained stable. Net charge-offs decreased in the third quarter and year-to-date, we still remain below the historical long-term average. GAAP net income for the quarter was $690 million, up 7% versus like quarter in 2022. Diluted GAAP earnings per share was $3.98 for the third quarter, up 13% from last year’s similar quarter. Now, let’s review our net operating results for the quarter on Slide 9. M&T’s net operating income for the third quarter, which excludes intangible amortization was $702 million and diluted net operating earnings per share, was $4.05. Net operating return on tangible common equity was 17.41% and tangible book value per share increased 3% compared to the end of June. On Slide 10, you will see that diluted GAAP earnings per share, was down 21% from linked quarter. Recall our results from the second quarter of last year indicated an after-tax $157 million gain from the sales of CIT business in April. Excluding this gain, GAAP net income and diluted earnings per share were down 3% compared to the linked quarter. On a GAAP basis, M&T’s third quarter results produced an ROA and ROE of 1.33% and 10.99% respectively. Next, we will look a little deeper into the underlying trends that generated the third quarter results. Please turn to Slide 11. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $1.79 billion in the third quarter, down $23 million from linked quarter. This decline was driven largely by higher interest rates on consumer deposit funding. An unfavorable funding mix change partially offset by higher interest rates on earning assets and 1 additional day. The net interest margin for the past quarter was 3.79%, down 12 basis points from linked quarter. The primary drivers of the decrease to the margin were an unfavorable deposit mix shift, which reduced margin by 7 basis points; the net impact from higher interest rates on customer deposits, net benefit from higher rates on earning assets which we estimate reduced the margin by 6 basis points. The remaining 1 basis point was due to higher non-accrual interest, net of the impact of 1 additional day. Turning to Slide 12. Average earning assets increased $1.5 billion from the linked quarter, due largely to the strong deposit growth that drove the $3 billion growth at the Fed. Average loans declined $928 million and average investment securities declined $630 million. Turning to Slide 13 to talk about average loans. Total loans and leases averaged $132.6 million for the third quarter of 2023, down 1% compared to the linked quarter. Looking at loans by category, on average basis compared to the second quarter, C&I loans increased slightly to $44.6 billion. We continue to see growth in dealer and specialty businesses. During the third quarter, average CRE loans decreased by 2% to $44.2 billion. This decline was driven largely by our continued strategy to reduce on-balance sheet exposure to this asset class. We have chosen to modernize our suite of products and services to offer more alternatives to better serve customers and to do so in a more capital-efficient manner possible. Average residential real estate was $23.6 billion, down 1%, largely due to portfolio pay-downs. Average customer loans were down slightly to $20.2 billion. The decline was driven by lower auto loan and HELOC balances, partially offset by the growth in recreational finance and credit card loans. Turning to Slide 14. Average investment securities decreased to $28 billion during the third quarter. The duration of the investment securities book at the end of September was 3.9 years and the unrealized pre-tax available-for-sale portfolio was only $447 million. At the end of the third quarter, cash held at the Fed and investment securities totaled $59.2 billion, representing 28% of total assets. Turning to Slide 15. We continue to focus on growing deposits with our customers and we are pleased with the growth in both average and end-of-period customer deposits. Average total deposits grew $3.3 billion. However, consistent with our experience in prior rising rate environments, increased competition for deposits and customer behavior continues to mix shift within the deposit base to higher cost deposits. Average customer deposits increased $1 billion. The customer deposit mix to migrate to average demand deposits declined $2.3 billion in favor of commercial sweeps and customer money market savings and time deposits. Average broker deposits increased $3.2 billion, while federal home loan bank advances decreased $2.2 billion. On average, brokered money market had now increased $800 million. Brokered time increased $1.5 billion. Broker deposits represent just one of the several funding vehicles that we can employ in our management of the balance sheet. At September 30 of this year, broker deposits represented 8% of our outstanding deposits and short-term borrowings. The pace and reduction in demand deposits seem to have decreased during the quarter. Our determined focus on retaining and growing customer deposits yielded positive results during the quarter. Next, let’s discuss non-interest income. Please turn to Slide 16. Non-interest income totaled $560 million in the third quarter compared to $803 million in the linked quarter. As noted earlier, the second quarter included $225 million from the sale of the CIT business. Excluding this gain, third quarter non-interest income decreased $18 million compared to the second quarter driven predominantly by $15 million related to one month of the CIT trust revenues included in the previous quarter. Other revenues categories were largely unchanged from the linked quarter. Turning to Slide 17 for expenses. Non-interest expenses were $1.28 billion in the third quarter of this year, down $15 million from the linked quarter. That decrease in expense was due to $11 million in lower compensation and benefit costs, reflecting lower average headcount, lower expenses for contracted resources and over time. $6 million lower in other cost of operations, largely reflecting lower sub-advisory fees as a result of the sale of the CIT business, lower legal-related expenses partially offset by losses associated with certain retail banking activities. The efficiency ratio, which excludes intangible amortization and merger-related expenses from the numerator and security gains or losses from a denominator, was 53.7% in the recent quarter compared to 53.4% in the linked quarter after excluding the gain from the sale of the CIT business. Next, let’s turn to Slide 18 for credit. The allowance for credit losses amounted to $2.1 billion at the end of the third quarter, up $54 million from the end of the linked quarter. In the third quarter, we recorded a $150 million provision in credit losses, which was equal to the second quarter. Net charge-offs were $96 million in the third quarter compared to $127 million in the linked quarter. The reserve build was primarily reflective of softening CRE values and the variability in the timing and the amount of CRE charge-offs. At the end of the third quarter, non-accrual loans were $2.3 billion, a decrease of $94 million compared to the prior quarter and represent 1.77% of loans, down 6 basis points sequentially. As noted, net charge-offs for the recent quarter amounted to $96 million, significant charge-offs were tied in 4 large credits, 3 large office buildings in Washington, D.C., Boston and Connecticut and one large healthcare provider operating in multiple properties in Western New York and Pennsylvania. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were 29 basis points for the third quarter compared to 38 basis points in the second quarter. This brings our year-to-date net charge-off rate to 30 basis points, which is below our long-term average of 33 basis points. We continue to assess the impact on future maturities and our investor real estate portfolio due to the level of interest rates, the impact of value declines and emerging tenancy issues. Continued targeted deep portfolio values in office, healthcare and multifamily portfolios are being done to identify any new emerging issues. When we file our upcoming Form 10-Q in the few weeks, we will estimate the level of criticized loans will be up to mid to high single-digit percent as compared to the end of June largely due to increases in investor real estate. Reflective of the financial strength and portfolio diversification of the CRE borrowers, almost 90% of the criticized loans are paying as agreed. Loans 90 days past due on which we continue to accrue interest were $354 million at the end of this quarter compared to $380 million sequentially and total of 76% of these 90 days past due loans were guaranteed by government-related entities. Turning to Slide 19 for capital. M&T’s CIT ratio at the end of September was an estimated 10.94% compared to 10.59% at the end of the second quarter. The increase was due in part to the continuation of the pause of repurchasing shares. At the end of September, based upon the proposed capital rules, the negative AOCI impact on the CET1 ratio from variable-for-sale securities and pension-related components would be approximately 36 basis points. Now turning to Slide 20 for outlook. With three quarters in the books, we will focus on the outlook for the fourth quarter. First, let’s talk about the economic outlook. The economic environment was supportive in the third quarter, and we were cautiously optimistic heading into the last quarter of this year. In the third quarter, the overall economy continued to expand, thanks to the strong consumer spending and steady capital expenditures by businesses, though the housing market continues to struggle in the high-rate environment. Encouragingly, inflation continued to slow in label markets, while still tight improved substantially with steady hiring while age pressures dissipated. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we are cautiously optimistic that the economy will continue to grow, but at a slower rate. We expect that, that slower growth will continue reducing inflation pressures. The Federal Reserve has probably reached the end of its hike cycle, given slower inflation and recent run-up in long-term rates. With that economic backdrop, let’s review our net interest income outlook. We expect taxable equivalent net interest income to be in the $1.71 billion to $1.74 billion range. As we noted on the previous calls, a key driver to net interest income continues to be the ability to efficiently fund earning asset growth. We expect the continued intense competition for deposits in the face of industry-wide outflows. We remain focused on growing customer deposits. For the fourth quarter, we expect average deposits to be about the same level with growth of interest-bearing customer deposits but continue to decline in demand deposit balances. This is expected to translate into a through-the-cycle interest-bearing customer deposit beta through the fourth quarter this year to be in the mid-40% range. This deposit beta excludes broker deposits, including broker deposits, would add 6% to the beta. While the percent of the cumulative beta is slowing, we anticipate it will continue rising into the first half of next year. Next, let’s discuss the outlook for the average loan growth, which should be the main driver of earning asset growth. We expect average loans and lease balances to be slightly higher than the third quarter of $1.33 billion level. We expect the growth in C&I, but anticipate declines in CRE and residential mortgages for our consumer loan balances should be relatively flat. Turning to fees. We expect non-interest income to be essentially flat compared to the third quarter. Turning to expenses. We anticipate expenses, excluding intangible amortization and the FDIC special assessment to be in the $1.245 billion to the $1.265 billion range in the fourth quarter. Intangible amortization is expected to be in the $15 million range and the FDIC special assessment is anticipated to be $183 million. Given the prospects of slowing revenue growth we remain focused on diligently managing expenses. Turning to credit. We continue to expect loan losses for the full year to be near M&T’s long-term average of 33 basis points. which implies fourth quarter charge-offs could be higher than the third quarter. For the fourth quarter, we expect tax flow equipment tax rate to be in the 25% range. Finally, as it relates to capital, our capital, coupled with limited investment security marks have been a clear differentiator for M&T. M&T has proven to be a safe haven for clients and communities. The strength of our balance sheet is extraordinary. We take our responsibility to manage our shareholders’ capital very seriously and return capital loan it is appropriate to do that. Our businesses are performing very well, and we are growing new relationships each and every day. We are still evaluating the proposed capital rules so that we believe that now is not the time to be purchasing shares. That said, we are positioned to use our capital for organic growth. Buybacks have always been part of our core capital distribution strategy and will again in the future. In the meantime, our strong balance sheet will continue to differentiate us from our clients, communities, regulators, investors and rating agencies. To conclude on Slide 21, our results underscore an optimistic investment thesis. While economic uncertainty remains high, that is when M&T has historically outperformed its peers. M&T has always been a purpose-driven organization with successful business model that benefits all stakeholders, including shareholders. We have a long track record of credit outperforming through all economic cycles with growth about 2x that of peers. Our strong shareholder returns include 15% to 20% return on tangible common equity and robust dividend growth. Finally, our disciplined acquirer and prudent steward of capital – shareholder capital and our integrated – our integration of Peoples merger is completed. We are confident in our ability to realize our potential post-merger. Now with that, I’ll turn it back to our caller briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Manan Gosalia with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Manan Gosalia: Hi. Good morning.
Daryl Bible: Good morning, Manan.
Manan Gosalia: You spoke about a mid to high single-digit increase in criticized loans this quarter. I was wondering how is the mix changing between hotel healthcare and office. And it also looks like non-accrual loans take lower this quarter. So can you talk about what the drivers are there? Whether there is loan sales or any other underlying drivers? And if that had any benefit to net interest income this quarter?
Daryl Bible: Yes, happy to do that. So on the criticized increase, it’s really just more of the same that we’re seeing. It’s more increases just in our IRE portfolio, primarily on the office side for the most part. So nothing really different from trends that we’re seeing as far as non-accrual, there was one large property that was sold in New York that was a primary driver for the non-accruals. We actually had an in that helped margin probably by about $5 million in the quarter.
Manan Gosalia: Got it. Thank you. And then maybe just on the buybacks. What is the criteria to resume the buybacks from here? Because it seems like we have more clarity on regulation at this point. Is it a function of M&T issuing more in the debt markets and then starting buybacks? Is it to do with the credit rating agencies? Any color you can throw there would be helpful, especially given how much excess capital you have at this point?
Daryl Bible: Yes. So I definitely agree with you, Manan, in that we do have excess capital. But right now, the economy is still kind of unpredictable rates higher for long go, we will probably continue to have stress on clients over the next couple of quarters if that actually comes to fruition. They were just trying to be conservative and cautious at the same time. And it’s also for us to actually have an opportunity to continue to grow organic growth in our commercial and consumer books and our trust folks as well. So I think we’re just trying to be cautious and we know when the economy gets a little bit more comfortable, we will consider repurchases there. It is true to our long corn strategy, the capital distribution back to the shareholders. It’s not going anywhere, but we just want to continue to make sure that we’re strong and can grow and serve our customers right now.
Manan Gosalia: Great. Thank you.
Daryl Bible: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Hi, good morning.
Daryl Bible: Good morning.
Ebrahim Poonawala: I guess just want to follow-up Daryl, in terms of – so your NII guidance for fourth quarter is fairly clear, but we are hearing from some of your peers around potential for the margin NII bottoming in the fourth quarter especially if the Fed is done, give us your thought process around – is there something about your balance sheet, why that might get pushed out because of just deposits have been related to the price or the dynamics on your balance sheet or your markets? Any color there would be appreciated.
Daryl Bible: Yes. Manan, it’s really the biggest driver for the net interest margin for us right now is really what happens to our non-interest-bearing deposits. We were down $2.3 billion that was better than what we thought it would be. And we think that it’s slowing down. We will see how that plays out in the fourth quarter. But that is probably the biggest determining factor. When you look at our balance sheet, though, I’m actually pretty pleased with how the assets are repricing. If you look at the reactivity rate of some of our fixed portfolios, if you look at this quarter, like our consumer loan portfolio was up 22 basis points. We have home equity in there that is prime related, but that’s a smaller percentage. We have really good repricing and other consumer portfolios like auto was up approximately 300 basis points in what was rolling off versus what was rolling on. If you look at our RV and loan portfolio, that was up approximately 250 basis points of what was rolling off from on, so I think once we get more stability in the disintermediation of deposits, I’m more favorable and the margins stabilizing. I think the asset side is actually performing pretty well.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Noted. And I guess just moving maybe give us a mark-to-market in terms of commercial real estate, what you’re seeing around there is some concern whether if we go into next year, given what the yield curve has done, we might see some more pressure flow beyond CRE office into multifamily. So one, give us a sense of like on CRE office has the visibility improved around the level of marks that you might have to take as some of this work through this system and whether or not you’re seeing more pain beyond the office complex?
Daryl Bible: Yes. So on the office side, I would tell you, our credit team, we feel really on top of what’s going on there. I think we are actively looking at any credit that could be and have any issues whatsoever. We’re looking at it. I’m trying to put the right valuation in there. We traditionally run with a higher level of criticized assets because we have a lot of long-term clients that have been with M&T for a long time period. They have other sources of cash flow to help carry the loans and are willing to put in equity to help support the loans. When we do find loans that there is not support around, we will probably move to exit those. As far as the valuations go, there is still not a whole lot of specifics out there. We did have that one sale for us that actually was a little bit better than what we had at mark there, but that was one – one big loan. So I wouldn’t say that’s a trend by any stretch right now. But I think we feel pretty good on where we are. As far as the other asset classes, I think we – just with rates higher for longer, just puts more just tougher for some of our – the customers. And multifamily is an area that we are looking at as well. Nothing really is popping out of anything very superior there yet. But we’re just trying to stay ahead of what potentially could happen and kind of be preemptive if we see anything. So we’re just preparing our credit team is very experienced. We’ve been very good with commercial real estate for a long time, and we are on top of where we are.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Erika Najarian with UBS. Please go ahead.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning. I just wanted to clarify sort of the responses to Ebrahim’s question, Daryl. I’m just wondering as you think about the forward curve as we see it, at what point do you expect net interest income to trough based on what we know about the curve and what we know about the various puts and takes for growth and deposit actions.
Daryl Bible: Yes. From a framework perspective, it’s really when the intermediation slows down. And when distribution slows down, I think on the asset side, is performing well and will continue to reprice higher because I think we’re going to have a steeper curve for a longer period of time. And hopefully, that will happen in the next couple of quarters, but it’s really hard to know right now we think it’s slowing but I think we will just see how that plays out. I’ll give you guidance next earnings call on the fourth quarter on that. But conditions could be slowing down with what we’re seeing right now, but one quarter is not a trend. I just want to get a couple of quarters under our belt before we really say net interest margin is going to stabilize.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And as a follow-up to that, your period-end cash balance rose to $30 billion, Daryl, which is awesome dry powder. And as we think about the quarters ahead on one hand, potentially the Fed is peaking, right? And you seem to be rather asset sensitive. On the other, you have all these new rules on liquidity that we don’t have yet as well as treatment of AFS for regional banks. So how should we think about an absence of stronger net loan growth? The puts and takes of what you’re – are you just going to continue to build cash and be a little bit more asset sensitive even though we’re peaking in rates as we figure out what the final rules look like on both capital and liquidity.
Daryl Bible: I think we have the strong position at the Fed that’s intentional for us right now. We want to be really conservative with our cash and liquidity position. Like I said earlier, the economy is – do it okay, but slowing down and maybe hopefully not get into a recession, but we just want to be really careful and cautious from that perspective. So I think it’s an intentional where we’re staying there. will we invest some of that obviously into loans, we would love to do that to support our customers, but we are not widening our credit box whatsoever. We’re going to grow what the market will give us, but we do think there is opportunities to grow relationships and to potentially grow balances in some of our loan categories. So we will see how that plays out. As far as deploying some of it the cash into the securities portfolio, I would just say that over the next year, you might see us move a little bit to the investment portfolio, but it will be on a gradual basis.
Erika Najarian: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt O’Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Matt O’Connor: Good morning. First, sorry if I missed it, but did you comment on what your reserves are against your office book?
Daryl Bible: We haven’t made that probably, Matt, but it continues to increase where we are right now. So we had an increase in our allowance, we had a little over $50 million. I’d say about half of it went to the CRE portfolio, and half of it went to the C&I portfolio. So I think we were adding it where we think it’s appropriate based upon our models and performance.
Matt O’Connor: Okay. Yes, that would be helpful again over time. I know everybody’s book is a little bit different, but many of your peers are disclosing, so that would be helpful as you think my disclosure is obviously an area of focus. Maybe switching gears, like, as you think about all the capital that you have and liquidity and the balance sheet flexibility, what areas of lending are you leaning into, not just kind of looking at one quarter for the next few quarters. And is it kind of doing more business with existing customers or also trying to grow the customer footprint?
Daryl Bible: I mean this past quarter we had growth in our dealership businesses. As the strike was starting to happen, I think a lot of dealers actually stocked up on used cars, and that actually drove an increase in utilization in that one sector or a little bit earlier than normal there. That will probably continue to play out, I think into the fourth quarter, while would be one. Our large corporate banking, I think has some growth opportunities where we are positioned there. Specifically on fund banking, I think we are growing there nicely. It’s a very conservative portfolio, very short-term oriented, lower risk areas. So, I would say most of the growth that we are seeing is in the C&I space. Those are the highlights right now. It is very competitive in middle market C&I. We are trying to be competitive there. But right now, the higher interest rates are just putting a lot of our commercial clients to be a little bit more cautious. But when they are willing to borrow, we are trying to help them when that’s – when we are able to do that, so.
Matt O’Connor: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Bill Carcache: Thank you. Good morning. Hey Daryl. I wanted to follow-up on your comments around a higher for longer rate environment being tougher for your customers. As you look across your portfolio, do you have a good handle on the degree to which some of your customers had put on swaps maybe when we were still under CRE [ph] 2 years to 3 years ago, so they haven’t yet felt the pressure of higher rates. Curious about whether the rolling off of those swaps is something you worry about, not really not just in CRE, but really across all loan categories.
Daryl Bible: Yes. I think obviously, Bill, I mean people that did swaps 3 years ago are really fortunate that they did, but it depends on the maturities when they roll off. And when they do roll off, it does put pressure on some clients that basically just have higher interest payments there. So, that is impacting much broader than just office, broader than just CRE. It’s impacting, I think all of America right now, to be honest with you. I mean just higher rates for longer. I think the Fed wants to slow the economy down and we are definitely having that impact to do that, and they are accomplishing what they are achieving there. But we – like I said earlier, we are on top of the portfolios where we see maturities coming up. We are looking at what we have to do, if anything, do they have other support on it. So, we are trying to stay ahead of what’s coming down the pipe. Most of the maturities and swap are lined together so that they are pretty much in balance. So, when things come close to mature on loans is when we see if there is anything that needs to happen from a lending perspective. But I think the Fed is accomplishing what they are trying to do is slow the economy down, bring inflation down, and it’s definitely having that impact.
Bill Carcache: That’s really helpful, Daryl. Thank you. If I could follow-up, as you continue to take actions to shift more of your focus to fee income as you reduce the credit risk associated with on-balance sheet CRE. How are you thinking about your sort of longer term CET1 target before I guess all the developments of the last several quarters, we are sort of thinking of M&T being able to get to sort of that 9% CET1 target. But I guess the inclusion of OCI volatility and regulatory capital has led to some debate over whether category for banks will now have to run with a little bit larger buffer versus history, would appreciate any thoughts there.
Daryl Bible: Yes. I think as the new rules play out and as we get comfortable working within the rules, we obviously start with a higher cushion at first. And then as you get used to managing the book and everything, I think we will tighten it up over time. But my guess is that we probably have a higher buffer coming out of the blocks. You have to really adjust your investment portfolio since the AFS is going to now go through the regulatory capital ratios to probably run with shorter durations either outright or invest longer with hedges that bring in the durations one way or the other, just so you have less volatility there. So, it’s really just getting used to how we manage all that process. But our teams are working on that now and we will start operating that way probably well before we get the roles actually implement it from that perspective.
Bill Carcache: Understood. Thank you for taking my questions.
Daryl Bible: Thanks Bill.
Operator: The next question comes from Brent Erensel with Portales Partners. Please go ahead.
Brent Erensel: I was going to follow-up on that stock buyback question. Thank you and good morning.
Daryl Bible: Good morning.
Brent Erensel: If you were to like incrementally invest the capital that you are generating at 7% you would generate half the returns that you could by buying back stock. So, you need double-digit returns to equate that, if that question makes sense. So, the question I guess is when – at what point will the corporate finance math drive you to resume buybacks?
Daryl Bible: So, the corporate finance math is screaming that it’s a five right now. It’s really more of our cautious position, conservative nature that we have to make sure that we have really strong capital, strong liquidity to really weather what comes our way. I mean if the Fed stays higher rates, let’s say, for 3 years or whatever, that could really have a big impact on the economy. We just want to be really cautious and all that. So, I think we are just trying to be prudent with it. Like I said earlier, the capital has not gone anywhere. We won’t – I promise you we would deploy it in a really shareholder-friendly manner from that. But right now, we have strong capital, strong liquidity, which has been really helpful for us since the March-April timeframe, and we will continue to operate and be a strong supporter of our customers and communities that we serve.
Brent Erensel: Just is there a bell that’s going to go off when you guys are going to change your mind, or how should we – do we just wait and see?
Daryl Bible: I will tell you, once we make that decision to go, my guess is you will find out very quickly when that decision is made.
Brent Erensel: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Hi Daryl.
Daryl Bible: Hi Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Daryl, over the years, M&T has been very effective in making acquisitions, obviously, the People’s dealers the more recent acquisition that is now completely integrated. And we understand in talking to your peers and others that the interest rate marks make it very difficult for M&A today. So, I got a two-part question for you. First, just what is your view on M&A for M&T over the next 12 months to 24 months of traditional depositories? And then second, some of the P&C, in particular, was recently bought some assets from the FDA, I see some loans. Are you guys looking at any assets that might be for sale from the FDIC from the failed banks that we had earlier in this year?
Daryl Bible: Yes. So, we didn’t do a press release on it, but we did buy two loans from that same purchase P&C did. I think it was a total of about $300 million in that commitments, it was at fund banking. So, we did participate in there and we are able to get a couple of those loans as well. But we are constantly looking at where we can grow our customer base that are good, long-term customers that fit. We just don’t want to do asset purchases. We want relationships is really what we are looking for to drive our organic growth from that. As it relates to acquisitions, it’s just – you and I have been doing this for a long time. When I started, we had 18,000 banks in the early ‘80s. Now, we are up to about 4,000 banks and it’s going to continue to shrink. I think M&T has a great track record of acquiring bank over time. And that strategy hasn’t changed. Our strategy is really to control and have lots of density in the markets that we serve. So, I think if and when we do purchase acquisitions, it probably won’t be a surprise in where we are going and what we are trying to do from that perspective. So, the strategy is there and it will happen at some point down the road. The interest rates definitely make it a little bit more challenging now just because of the impact on capital. But like anything, things change over time, and we will be there when we need to and do what we have been really good at before, and we will continue to do that.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then the second part, a different question as a follow-up. When M&T, of course has developed a reputation as being a very strong underwriter, you got the numbers to prove it. And so we are not necessarily concerned about what you guys are doing specifically, but we just worry about the competitors doing foolish and stupid things that then end up having a second derivative effect on your sound underwriting decisions. Can you frame out for us granted, I know it’s not in 2005 and 2006 craziness out there. But are there any concerns that you see non-bank lenders or other bank lenders doing or have done things in the last 18 months to 24 months on the lending side and make it a little nervous, or are we just in a new playing field. Everybody is very rational, and we are not going to see anything really implode because of what some foolish lenders are doing.
Daryl Bible: Yes. We have a long history of working with our clients. Client selection is really huge for us and how we look and underwrite, Silicon the CRE portfolio. We deal with people that have been in the business for a very long time that aren’t just looking at that real estate investment that they have as an investment for more as a long-term strategy to their company and their family from that perspective. So, I really don’t look at trying to get out of the criticized loans. If somebody is not going to support it, we will probably exit over time. But I don’t really view how we are approaching it. I think it’s a great way to develop and keep relationships over the long-term. It’s the right way and a fair way to do it, as long as they are willing to support their properties and loans with us from that perspective. I think overall, though I think the industry is much safer than what it has been over the last couple of decades, I think everybody is trying to do the right thing. We have the benefit that we have some really long-term customers that have been with M&T for a long period of time, and we try to bank the people that are really top in market in all the markets that we serve.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning Daryl.
Daryl Bible: Good morning John.
John Pancari: Just a follow-up around the loan loss reserves, I know you had talked about the – that the reserve addition was 50% for CRE and half going to C&I. And I am just trying to frame out like what about the developments in the quarter drove the need for additional reserve additions beyond what would have already been baked into there under CECL? And then separately, can you maybe talk about the likelihood of further reserve build here just as you continue to dig through the CRE portfolio, I know you said a couple of times that there is ongoing efforts to sift through the exposures in that book.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So, if you look at the macro factors, our macro factors when we run our allowance models, basically were pretty steady. Actually, the crepe [ph] and that’s actually improved a little bit. But the other economic statistics are pretty stable versus the prior period. And really what drove the increase was really softness in some of the asset values in the CRE portfolio is what we were seeing and thought it made sense to add some more reserves in those. As we get more examples of what valuations are that could help drive more or may actually – I think we feel really reserved where we are today, but we just want to continue to have a really robust allowance for the needs of our borrowers and make sure we comply with all the rules that we have there. But it was really just a little bit of softness in some valuations.
John Pancari: And is that soft is surprising you negatively? And is that life not already in the CECL reserve?
Daryl Bible: There is just not a lot of activity going on in some of these markets right now. So, you are basically, there is a big market dislocation. A lot of the markets we are doing as conservative as they are with a net present value cash flow perspective. And we – I think I went through it last time, but if some is not leased today, we assume it’s not least for 3 years. If something is coming off lease within the next year, we assume that there is a 1-year gap period before it gets released. Those type of cash flow adjustments are kind of what we are marking to, but we don’t have anything to look at. But when you get a certain example, I would say then we can make an adjustment. Our best though right now is that there is a lot of money waiting on the sidelines potentially that when the Fed does decide to keep rates more stable and maybe signal rates going down at some point, I think there will be a lot of money that will jump back into the system. Right now, there is just not a lot of going on, and there is a very wide bid-ask spread.
John Pancari: Okay. That’s helpful. Thanks. And I have one last follow-up, if I could, also on credit. Your – I know your charge-off guidance for the fourth quarter, you expect it to be a low – above the 29 basis point level for the third quarter and then full year ‘23 near the long-term 33 bps. Can you maybe help us think about what that would imply in terms of as you look into 2024? Maybe help us, I know you are not giving formal guidance yet on ‘24, but how should we think about where the loss trajectory could be versus that longer term 33? How much above that could it be?
Daryl Bible: Yes, that’s a good question. For the fourth quarter, is just our gut feel that it might be higher. It could actually be the same or lower, to be honest with you right now. But just knowing what’s going on right there, it might be higher, but we really aren’t sure about that yet. Next year, we aren’t really giving guidance, but from a framework perspective, our allowance will build when either market economic conditions allow for it or you see some deterioration in customer behavior from that perspective. But right now, I think we are really on top of what it is, any areas that we potentially could have risk in our credit teams are all over it, looking at the reviews and the analysis that we have. And right now, what we feel that our reserve is adequate, and then we are in good touch with where the risks are.
John Pancari: Got it. Alright. Thanks. I appreciate it.
Operator: It appears we have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the program back over to our presenters for any additional remarks.
Brian Klock: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, the clarification of any of the items on the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department at area code 716-842-5138. Thank you and have a good day.
Operator: This does conclude today’s program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-19 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the M&T Bank Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on listen-only mode and the floor will be opened for your questions following the presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Brian Klock, Head of Market and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Brian Klock: Thank you, Todd, and good morning everyone. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's second quarter 2023 earnings conference call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it, along with the financial tables and schedules by going to our website www.mtb.com. Once there, you can click on the Investor Relations link, and then on the Events and Presentations link. Also, before we start, I'd like to mention that today's presentation may contain forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information are included in today's earnings release materials and in the Investor presentation as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. The presentation also includes non-GAAP financial measures as identified in the earnings release and Investor presentation. The appropriate reconciliations to GAAP are included in the appendix. Joining me on the call this morning are M&T's Senior Executive Vice President and CFO, Daryl Bible; and Senior Executive Vice President and Former CFO, Darren King. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Daryl Bible.
Daryl Bible: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. I would like to start by thanking Darren for his help with my transition. I'm very appreciative of his guidance and support. I'm also grateful for everyone across the bank that has welcomed me and helped me get up to speed quickly, including my incredibly talented finance team. Like me, I'm sure all of you are extremely happy that we now have an earnings presentation. So thank you to investor relations, corporate communication and corporate reporting teams for making this a reality. I'm very excited about the work we are doing and the transition has gone even smoother than I could have anticipated. I'm proud to be part of M&T's strong financial history, consistent operating philosophy, and conservative community focused banking principles. I'm even prouder to be part of a company that is tied to its purpose to make a difference in people's lives. I would like to thank our over 22,000 M&T colleagues for all their hard work each and every day. You are driven by the idea of delivering on our purpose and guided by our set of core values. It is because of you that M&T continues to make a difference in our customers' lives and continue to produce strong results for our shareholders. Please turn to slide three. Let's start with our purpose, mission and operating principles. Our purpose is to make a difference in people's lives by focusing on communities we serve. Our purpose drives our operating principles. We believe in local scale with 28 community-led regional presidents who make decisions about loans and community activities. This local scale has led us to superior credit performance, top deposit share and higher operating and capital efficiency. Our performance is fueled by a relentless focus on customers, talent and communities. Moving to slide four. We deliver for customers. We have seasoned talent, diverse board and new capabilities that provide solutions that make a meaningful difference to our customers. Please let's turn to slide five. This slide showcases how we activate our purpose through our operating principles. When our customers and communities succeed, we all succeed. Our investments in enhancing customer experience and delivering impactful products have fueled organic growth. A significant milestone this year was a designation of over 119 multicultural banking branches across our footprint, with more to come in our expanded communities. These branches are a community assets dedicated to the cultural fluency for our customers. We also believe in supporting small business owners who play a vital role in our communities. Despite operating only in 12 states, we rank as the number six SBA lender in the country and ranked highly in ten of our 16 markets. Our commitment to supporting the communities we serve extends to affordable housing projects with over $2.3 billion in financing and over 2600 home loans for low and moderate income residents. Additionally, M&T Bank and our charitable foundation granted over $47 million to support our communities in '22 alone. Please turn to slide six. Here we highlight our commitment to the environment. We have invested over $230 million in renewable energy sector and significantly reduced our electricity consumption since 2019. Our ESG report will be published soon, but I encourage you to review this slide for some of the highlights. Turning to slide eight. Our second quarter results reflect the strength of our core earnings power balance sheet and liquidity position. Adjusted to exclude the $225 million pre-tax gain from the sale of the Collective Investment Trust or CIT business in April. Second quarter revenues have grown $395 million or 20% compared to last year's similar quarter. This translates to a 10% positive operating leverage year-over-year. On the same basis, pre-provision net revenues have increased 35% since last year's second quarter to $1.1 billion. Credit remained stable. Net charge-offs increased in the second quarter, but year-to-date still remain below our historical long-term average. Net income for the quarter was $867 million, up 24% from linked-quarter. Diluted GAAP earnings per share was $5.05 for the second quarter, up 26% sequentially. Now let's review our net operating results for the quarter on slide nine. M&T's net operating income for the second quarter, which excludes intangible amortization, was $879 million, up 23% from linked-quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per share common share were $5.12 for the recent quarter compared to $4.09 in this year's first quarter. Tangible book value per share increased 3% to $91.58. On slide ten, you will see that, on a GAAP basis, M&T's second quarter results produced an annualized return on average assets and return on average common equity of 1.7% and 14.27% respectively. Results for the second quarter of this year included an after tax $170 million gain on the sale of the CIT business in April. Excluding this gain, adjusted GAAP earnings per share was $4.11 and adjusted return on average assets and average common shareholder equity was 1.39% and 11.6%. Next, let's look a little bit deeper into the underlying trends that generated our second quarter results. Please turn to slide 11. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $1.81 billion in the second quarter, slightly below linked-quarter. This decline was driven by higher volumes of non-core funding and unfavorable mix change caused by disintermediation partially offset by higher interest rates and one additional day. Net interest margin for the past quarter was 3.91%, down 13 basis points from linked-quarter. The primary driver was the decrease to the margin was partially impacted from the mix change to the higher cost funding, which we estimate reduced the margin by 18 basis points. Higher yields on earning assets, net of rates on deposit funding benefited the margin by four basis points. Turning to slide 12. Capital levels remained strong with the CET1 ratio to the end of the second quarter at 10.58%. Average earning assets increased $1.9 billion or 1% from the first quarter to the second quarter due largely to the $1.5 billion growth in average loans and $1 billion increase in average investment securities. Turning to slide 13, we talk about the drivers on the loan growth. The total average loans and leases were $133.5 billion during the second quarter, up $1.5 billion compared to the linked-quarter. Looking at the loans by category on an average basis compared to the first quarter. Commercial and industrial loans increased 5% to $44.5 billion. We continue to see in our dealer and specialty businesses. Plus, we are adding new customers as we grow market share in legacy and new markets. During the second quarter, average commercial real estate loans decreased 1% to $44.9 billion. The decline was driven largely by lower construction loan balances. Average residential real estate loans were $23.8 billion, essentially flat compared to the first quarter of this year. Average consumer loans were down 1% to $20.3 billion, driven by lower activity due to rising interest rates. Turning to slide 14. Average investment securities increased to $28.6 billion during the second quarter due to the large part to purchases late at the end of the first quarter. The duration of the investment securities book at the end of June is 3.9 years and the unrealized pre-tax loss on the available for sale was only $441 million. At the end of June, cash and interest-bearing deposits at bank and the investment securities totaled $56.9 billion. Turning to slide 15. Deposit outflows during the second quarter on an average basis accounted for $2.1 billion or 1.3% in line with industry trends. Consistent with our experience prior to rising rates, the increased competition for deposits and customer behavior is leading to a mix shift with the deposit base to higher cost deposits. Comparing the second to first quarters, average demand deposits declined $5.7 billion. Savings and interest-bearing checking deposits decreased $843 million while deposits while time deposits increased $4.4 billion. The decline in average demand deposits resulted predominantly from a $1.1 billion decline in the corporate trust balances due in part to a large to lower capital markets activities. The movement to sweep products as customers seeking higher yields with $1.8 billion on balance sheet and $2.4 billion shifted off balance sheet sweep accounts during the second quarter. Average time deposit growth was driven by $2.3 billion in brokered CDs and $2.1 billion growth consumer time deposits. We remain focused on growing and retaining deposits. In the period, deposits grew $3 billion or 1.9% from the end of the first quarter. The growth was largely driven by broker CD balances, which increased $4.1 billion compared to the end of the linked-quarter. However, since the end of May, our customer base for wholesale deposit balances have stabilized and started to grow with an increase of $523 million, driven largely by growth in commercial and consumer deposits. Now let's discuss non-interest income. Please turn to slide 16. Non-interest income totaled $803 million in the second quarter compared to $587 million linked-quarter. As noted earlier, the second quarter included a $225 million gain from the sale of our CIT business. Recall that M&T normally receives an annual distribution from Bayview Lending Group during the first quarter of the year. This distribution was $20 million in this year's first quarter. Excluding these two items, second quarter non-interest income increased $11 million compared to the first quarter. Mortgage banking revenues were $107 million in the recent quarter, up 26% from linked-quarter, driven by $18 million in additional servicing revenues, representing the full quarter impact of the bulk of the MSR purchase completed at the end of March. Service charges on deposits were $119 million or up 5% compared to the first quarter. Trust income of $172 million in the recent quarter declined from $194 million in the first quarter, due largely to a $31 million in lower fee income resulting from the sale of the CIT business, partially offset by the impact of the seasonal tax preparation fees. Our revenue from operations adjusted from the gain from the CIT sale and the distribution at Bayview Lending Group in this year's first quarter were $137 million, down $2 million sequentially. Turning to slide 17 for expenses. Operating expenses, which exclude the amortization of intangible assets were $1.28 billion in the second quarter of this year, down $64 million from the linked-quarter. As is typical for M&T's first quarter results, operating expenses in the first quarter included approximately $99 million of seasonally higher compensation costs. Excluding the seasonally higher compensation in the first quarter, operating expenses increased $35 million sequentially. That increase was due to a $31 million in higher compensation and benefit costs reflecting higher average headcount. The full impact of the annual merit increases and severance costs $20 million in higher other operating expenses related to the bulk of the MSR purchase. These increases were partially offset by lower CIT related expenses, including $22 million of lower sub adviser expenses and lower advertising and marketing and deposit insurance expenses. Given the prospect of slowing revenue growth, we remain focused on diligently managing expenses. The efficiency ratio, which excludes the intangible amortization and merger related expenses from the numerator and the security gains and losses from the denominator was 48.9% in the recent quarter compared to 55.5% in 2023's first quarter, excluding the gain from the sale of the CIT business, in the second quarter, the efficiency ratio was 53.4%. Next, let's turn to slide 18 for credit. The allowance for credit losses amounted to $2 billion at the end of the second quarter, up $23 million from the end of linked-quarter. In the second quarter, we recorded $150 million provision and credit losses compared to $120 million in the first quarter. Net charge-offs were $127 million in the second quarter compared to $70 million in this year's first quarter. The reserve build was largely due to anticipation of declining commercial real estate values and loan growth. At the end of the second quarter, non-accrual loans were $2.4 billion, a decrease of $122 million compared to the prior quarter and represent a 1.83% of loans down nine basis points sequentially. As noted, net charge-offs for the recent quarter amounted to $127 million. The increase in net charge-offs was driven by four large credits, three office buildings in New York City and Washington, D.C., and one large health care company operating in New York State. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were 38 basis points for the second quarter, compared to 22 basis points in the first quarter. This brings our year-to-date net charge-offs to 30 basis points, which is below our long-term average of 33 basis points. As we have noted previously, we expect net charge-offs to be lumpy on a quarter-to-quarter basis. This is the result of a unique nature of each property and borrower. In order to identify emerging issues that could lead to loan grade adjustments, we continue to perform ongoing rate risk, resizing risk, tenant sensitivities on commercial real estate portfolios on a quarterly basis. This work is reflected in our criticized loan portfolio. Loans 90 days past due on which we continue to accrue interest or $380 million at the end of the first quarter compared to $407 million sequentially and total 43% of these loans 90 days past due loans were guaranteed by the government or government related entities. Turning to slide 19 for capital. M&T Cet1 ratio at the end of June was an estimated 10.58% compared to 10.16% at the end of the first quarter. The increase was due in part to higher net income and in repurchasing shares in the second quarter. In June, tangible common shareholder equity totaled $15.2 billion, up 3% from the end of the prior quarter. Tangible book value per share accounted at $91.58, up 3% from the end of the first quarter. In late June, the Federal Reserve released results from the annual bank stress test. While this was an off year for Category IV banks, given the timing of the People's United acquisition, M&T participated in the stress test this year. Our preliminary stress test capital buffer or SCB is estimated to be 4%. Using the SCB, which is in effect from October 1st, 2023 to September 30th of 2024 will be subject to 8.5% CET1 ratio. Now turning to slide 20 for the outlook. As we look forward to the second quarter of this year, we believe we are well positioned to navigate through a challenging economic conditions. However, the rapidly changing interest rate expectations, combined with continued pressure on funding, affect our outlook for the full year 2023. The 2023 outlook reflects the impact of the sale of the M&T insurance agency that closed in October of last year and the sale of the CIT business that closed in April of this year. First, let's talk about net interest income outlook. We expect taxable equivalent net interest income to trend toward the lower end of the $7 billion to $7.2 billion range, which reflects a flat to modestly higher loan and deposit growth and incorporates 125 basis point hike in August of this year. We noted on the first quarter call, a key driver of net interest income in 2023 will be the ability to efficiently fund earning assets. We expect continued intense competition for deposits in the face of industry-wide outflows. Full year average deposit balances are expected to be up low single-digits compared to 2022. We continue to expect the deposit mix to shift towards higher cost of deposits, with declines expected in demand deposits and growth in time deposits and on balance sheet sweeps. This is expected to translate through the cycle interest-bearing deposit beta through the fourth quarter of this year to the low to mid 40% range. This deposit beta excludes broker deposits. Next, let's discuss the outlook for average loan growth, which should be the main driver of earning asset growth. We expect the full year average loans and leases balances during 2023 to be relatively stable. The mix of C&I, CRE consumer loans inclusive of consumer real estate loans is almost one-third each as of the end of June. We expect this trend to shift slightly to C&I growth outpacing CRE. As we have seen over the past four quarters, higher levels of interest rates are expected to slow down the growth of our consumer loan book over the remainder of 2023. Turning to fees. We expect noninterest income to be in the range of $2.25 billion to $2.3 billion range. This outlook for noninterest-bearing reflects lower trust revenues resulting from the sale of the CIT business in April as well as the incremental income from the bulk purchase of residential mortgage servicing rights at the end of this year's first quarter. Remember, the outlook does not include the $225 million gain from the sale of the CIT business. Turning to expenses. We anticipate expenses excluding intangible amortization to trend near the higher end of $5 billion to $5.1 billion. In addition, this outlook for net operating expenses includes the impact of the previously mentioned sale of the CIT business and the bulk mortgage servicing purchase. Intangible amortization is expected to be in the $60 million to $65 million range. Turning to credit. We expect loan losses to be near M&T's long-term average of 33 basis points. Although the quarterly cadence could be lumpy, provision expense over the year will follow the CECL methodology and be affected by changes in the macro outlook and loan balances. For 2023, we expect taxable equivalent rate to be in the 25% range. Finally, as it relates to capital, this is a very clear differentiator for M&T. Our capital, coupled with our limited investment security market has been a clear strength during these turbulent times. M&T has proven to be a safe haven for our clients and communities. The strength of our balance sheet is extraordinary. We take our responsibilities to manage our shareholders' capital very seriously and will return more when it's appropriate to do that. Our businesses are performing very well, and we are growing new relationships each and every day. Given the uncertainties related to the new capital rules that are coming out, we believe now is not the time to be repurchasing shares. That said, we are best positioned to use our capital for both organic and inorganic growth along with buybacks in the future, which will always be part of our core capital distribution strategy. In the meantime, our strong balance sheet will continue to differentiate us with our clients, communities, regulators, investors and rating agencies. To conclude on slide 21. Our results underscore and optimistic investment thesis. Our economic uncertainty remains high, and that is when M&T has historically outperformed its peers. M&T has always been a purpose-driven organization with a successful business model that benefits all stakeholders, including shareholders. We have a long track record of credit outperforming through all economic cycles with more than two times growth relative to peers. Our strong shareholder returns include 15% to 20% return on average tangible common equity and robust dividend growth. Finally, we are a disciplined acquirer and prudent steward of shareholder capital. Our integration of People's United is complete, and we are confident in our ability to realize our potential post-merger. Now let's open up the call to questions before which Todd will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Manan Gosalia with Morgan Stanley.
Manan Gosalia: Hey, good morning.
Daryl Bible: Good morning.
Manan Gosalia: I had a question on NII. I noticed you took your deposit balance guide up along with the deposit beta guide but kept the NII guide the same. So can you talk about the puts and takes there? I guess the question is why hold more liquidity and hold more in interest-bearing deposits in an environment where you're not growing loans that much? Is it more a function of any upcoming LCR rules or anything the regulators are asking you to do?
Daryl Bible: Yes, Manan. Thank you for the question. What I would tell you is that we start right now each and every day in making sure we have really strong liquidity on our balance sheet. And we want to make sure that is a really good strength as we continue to move through these times. Our deposits, we believe we are in a great position to continue to grow and gain share in our markets that we're serving. So we are aggressively going out and trying to get deposits from our clients and more customers out in these marketplaces. The beta guide did go up, but it's really a mix of how much of funding we get from core versus broker deposits. When the crisis first started in March, we took down Federal Home Loan Bank advances this quarter -- this past quarter and second quarter, we access the broker CD market. We thought that was a good use. And when we access the broker CD market that automatically increased their deposit beta. So if you look at our deposit beta this quarter, it was 40%, but if you back out the broker CDs, it's worth six points, so it was down to 34%. So the guide is that we gave going up to low to mid-40s. It was really excluding the broker deposits because you don't know if we're going to issue more broker deposits is going to be a mix between Federal Home Loan Bank advances, broker deposits and actually issuing debt in the marketplace. So it's a really mix, and it's really up to our treasury team to figure out what's best to do for our company. But right now, having liquidity is really important and really gaining share and serving our clients, we think, is really important as well.
Manan Gosalia: So you took cash up this quarter, and it sounds like you're going to keep it at a high level for some time?
Daryl Bible: Yes. Yes, we're going to continue to keep really strong liquidity and continue to stay where it is. And it's one of the strengths that we have in the marketplace right now.
Manan Gosalia: Got it. Okay. And then just as a follow-up, the debt markets seem to be opening up. Can you talk about how you're thinking about issuance for the remainder of the year? Just keeping in mind the possibility that TLAC rules could apply to banks of your asset size?
Daryl Bible: Yes. When you look at the three sources that I just talked about, whether it's broker deposits, Federal Home Loan Bank Advances or debt, early on, when you're going into a crisis, it makes sense to access the home loan bank first because it's there available and you get a really fast in size. Broker markets, I think, were good use this past quarter. And over time, you will see us issue unsecured debt and basically pay off some of the home loan bank advances and probably some of the broker deposits over time. And that's just normally how we would fund the bank overall. But we start with really having really good core funding and making sure our core funding is growing and doing what it needs to from that perspective.
Manan Gosalia: Great. Thanks so much.
Daryl Bible: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew O'Connor: Hi. Good morning. Just, I guess, first, a follow-up on the capital. Obviously, strong built quite a bit, and you talked about letting it continue to build as you wait for new capital rules, but I guess how high are you willing to let it get, I think, under kind of any rules, it seems like you have access and obviously, a good outcome from CCAR GFS. So this first question is how high are you willing to let it go and then maybe just kind of review the priorities in terms of capital deployment as you think about the next couple of years?
Daryl Bible: Yes. So let me start with capital deployment question. First and foremost, we want to make sure we serve our clients and our communities. So organic growth is number one, on how we deploy capital. And during turbulent time like this, we want to make sure that all of our customers and potential new customers that we want and want to join M&T that we have the capital there to serve and that's first and foremost when we start. Dividends, obviously, the second, second is dividend growth. And we have a long history of our dividend policy and keeping really strong dividends at M&T, really, really value a strong dividend from that perspective. And share buyback has always been part of our history of repurchasing shares. And from time to time, we might do any acquisitions, if that makes sense, and it's a good shareholder value from that perspective. But long-term, there's really not a change. Just right now in these turbulent times, we're keeping extra capital, and we think it's prudent to do that. And as we get more information from the rules that come out from the regulators. But right now, we are doing really well. Our business is performing well. We're getting new clients in, in the commercial area, business banking, wealth, corporate trust, I mean, our businesses are growing because we are strong. So I think it's an advantage right now to have a lot of capital.
Matthew O'Connor: And then just separately, last fall, Darren threw out this kind of long-term NIM range, I think it was 3.6 to 3.9 that kind of spooked folks a little bit, but obviously, you guys were kind of ahead of the curve in messaging the over-earning on deposits. And you did get to the high end of that NIM range this quarter. Wondering if you still think that's kind of a good long-term range? And do you get below that range at some point in the cycle, if you had to guess? Thanks.
Daryl Bible: Yes. So I want to give Darren a lot of credit. He was definitely ahead of the industry. And talking about margin and the impact of the margin and he saw it coming and I think he was a leader in telling people where everything was going. So it was really, really good guidance from that perspective. I would say that we will continue to have margin pressure just because of the cost of what we're seeing on the funding side. We have in disintermediation. And if you look at it, our DDA was down $5.7 billion. We retained all the clients. Some of the balances went to on-balance sheet sweeps. Some of them went into off-balance sheet sweeps. If you look at our consumer book, we are moving balances from nonmaturity buckets to CDs. But if you go back 20 plus years and you look at the deposit that we had back then, CDs were 20% plus of our funding base. Right now, we're at 10%, and we're probably going to be in the mid-teens before it's all said and done, it really depends on how long rates stay higher. And that's just the normal mix of how we run our retail bank. I mean it's the right thing to do. It's the right thing for our clients. It's the right thing for our bank. We can adjust our rate sensitivities with CDs on the books and manage that really well. So it's just basically learning things that when you ran banks 20 years ago, we're doing the same thing right now and doing it the same way. But we feel really good about our businesses. Our margin pressure is going to continue to come down, and I think we've given you some guidance for this year don't really want to get into '24 right now until we get working on our plan, which would be later this quarter.
Matthew O'Connor: Okay. Thank you very much.
Daryl Bible: Yeah. Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan.
Steven Alexopoulos: Hey, good morning, everybody.
Daryl Bible: Good morning, Steve.
Steven Alexopoulos: And thank you for the earning slide deck.
Daryl Bible: You got to thank the team.
Steven Alexopoulos: Appreciate it.
Daryl Bible: Yeah. The team did a great job.
Steven Alexopoulos: I want to start on the noninterest-bearing deposits. So when I look at the decline this quarter, it's still perplexing to me that this mix shift is not basically done by now, right? If you're a commercial customer, you have a treasury function. I'd imagine you've done the analysis and you've already moved those balances, but you guys are now guiding you expect more decline in DDA. When you look at your client base, can you walk us through why is this taking so long? I mean, it's been quite a few quarters, right, the two years has been above 3% or 4%. And what's still to happen to cause this mix shift?
Daryl Bible: Yes. Thank you for the question, Steven. First and foremost, if you look at M&T and you look at pre-COVID and going in into COVID, M&T had one of the largest increases of surplus balances of all the banks out there proportionately. So we're starting at a really high strength. I think our DDA percentage of total deposits was 48%, yes. So it was really high to start with. And if you look at how we run this company, as I learn about this company, I am just amazed at how well we are getting primacy, getting the operating accounts. We are really good in the consumer business, in our business banking, business and commercial businesses. We lead with getting operating accounts so we have a disproportionate amount of operating accounts there. So that said, to answer your question, it just means that we're going to continue to have mix shift changes. It does seem to be slowing down a bit. But we're still seeing some mix change happen, and it's going to continue to put a little bit pressure on funding, but we're still serving our clients at the end of the day. We're gaining new clients, too. So I think all-in-all, I think we're doing good. We still have a pretty high margin overall, if you look at others in the industry even with this coming down. So I think we feel really good at what we're doing and how we're executing.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. That's helpful. And then just a question on the reserve. What's the unemployment rate you're assuming in the total reserve? And then I know you increased the reserve a bit. You called out commercial real estate. What's the reserve on the commercial real estate portfolio? Thanks.
Daryl Bible: We're right around 4%. If you really look at the reserves, Steve, there's four drivers there that we have. The one that really impacted our increase in our allowance was really the crappy. The change in the commercial real estate this quarter. That went from a negative 5% to 11%. The other three variables, unemployment was around mid-4s. GDP was basically right around 1% didn't change a whole lot. And HPI was right at mid-6s didn't change a lot. So what really drove the change was the crappy on the allowance side.
Steven Alexopoulos: Got it. I'm sorry, I missed it. What was the specific reserve now on commercial real estate loans?
Daryl Bible: Commercial real estate, when the macro variable value that we used in the model went from 6 to 11 and if you look at the allowance, the allowance we increase more to office overall, we had decreases in hotel and multifamily.
Steven Alexopoulos: Got it. I'm still not following what the specific reserve is on CRE, but I could follow up with Brian after. Thanks.
Daryl Bible: Yeah. I didn't hear that well. Okay. All right.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Hey, Daryl.
Daryl Bible: Hey, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Good luck with the new position for you. And ditto on the slide deck to you, Brian, and your colleagues, it's a very strong slide deck. So thank you. Daryl, can you share with us these proposals that we're hearing about for Basel III end game may include banks as low as $100 billion in assets and so when you guys talk about what could happen and then I believe earlier this week, Bloomberg kind of story, that there may be higher risk-weighted asset assumptions for residential mortgages, which seem to be a new twist to these capital requirements. How are you guys approaching what could happen in terms of greater RWA increases for your organization and the capital needed to support them?
Daryl Bible: Yes. Thanks for the question, Gerard. Obviously, we are very eager to get these new roles and see what's out there and make comments that's going to go through those normal process there. So it's going to take time, probably get most of these things implemented. On your specific question of RWA and mortgages, we'll wait and see how that comes out. We are in the residential mortgage space. We exited the correspondent space last quarter. So we're really just focusing on meeting the needs of our clients of the company. And we're basically selling all the conforming into the marketplace and we're balance sheeting all of our wealth clients and clients that are low and moderate income are the ones that really are going on the balance sheet. So we're going to stay in our core businesses because we're serving our clients. If it's a little bit higher capital, the market will probably adjust and just raise pricing to accommodate for that would be my best guess from that. As far as the other changes out there, there's a lot of proposals there. If it's like long-term debt or TLAC, we're waiting to see what that happens. M&T really, we don't have a whole lot of debt outstanding. So it's something that we will have to just manage. It's probably going to be holding company. If it's not holding company and allow bank will probably end up with a mix of holding company and bank because you still want to have a strong parent company from a source of capital perspective there, but we'll just optimize it. But with us using now Federal Home Loan Bank advances, broker deposits, I think we have, right now, ability where we can pay those off, issue unsecured debt and really not blow the balance sheet from that and still have a really strong liquidity position from that. So we're waiting to see. I think you know our AOCI comes in, looks like that's coming in were 55 basis points, that's 55 basis points negative adjustment at the end of this quarter includes all three pieces. It's the AFS securities, cash flow hedges as well as pension. That's probably one of the lowest that we have in the industry. So it's not a real big impact for us. So that's the strength as well.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then as a follow-up question, you touched on and I may have missed some of this, the charge-offs in the quarter about some lower values for commercial real estate in a slide deck you guys put out earlier in the second quarter, you gave some very detailed information about your commercial real estate portfolio by location and loan to values. Can you share with us where is it the higher loan to values that were required to be written down? Or are you actually seeing it in some of the lower loan to values seeing some weakness as well? And then second, on top of that, when you go through the portfolio, where are you in terms of -- are you 50% through reviewing the portfolio or 75% or 20%?
Daryl Bible: Yes. Thank you for the question. So on your first question, CRE is really just you have to look at it on a case-by-case basis just because of the unique quality and pieces of how it is each borrower has different implications. You have tenant things, you have to market conditions, interest rate. So that is a case-by-case basis. So you really go through the deep dives there. On your question on portfolio review. Yes. So we are 50%, 60% plus through it. All the loans that we have in the criticized bucket is reviewed every quarter. We stress test those really well. And if I look at what we're doing versus my prior places, I would say, we're doing as much if not more. What I've seen done in our credit process. So we're staying on top of this. Our teams are doing really well. Valuations are coming in, and we're doing the best we can with the information we have. But I would say we feel good at where we are and we're just continuing to monitor where everything is.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good and good luck again in your new role. Thank you.
Daryl Bible: Thanks, Gerard.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Brent Erensel with Portales Partners.
Brent Erensel: Good morning and, Daryl, welcome to Western New York.
Daryl Bible: Thank you, Brent.
Brent Erensel: So specifically on the CRE drilling down to the Manhattan real estate or New York City real estate, I was wondering, could you walk us through what you do? You said you were taking charge-offs there. So you take possession, do you restructure? What happens when you have a CRE Manhattan, I guess it's an office building. What do you do here in that situation?
Daryl Bible: Yes. So in New York City, New York City, is a big marketplace, and every place is a little bit different. Right now, it seems like the downtown area might be a little weaker than the middle part of Manhattan. So the charge-off that we took in Manhattan was in the downtown district there. But I would say we do all the above. I mean we really work with our clients. It really for us starts from a client perspective. Client is really, really important client selection. And in the CRE business, we make loans in the larger studies like New York, D.C., Boston, and in those markets, I would say, 75% of those are very long-term oriented clients and really good clients. Once you get outside of these major market cities, it's almost all of our clients are really long-term oriented. But as far as which notes we would sell or whatever, it's probably more the financially oriented clients that we have, where they've had their returns and they are putting any more equity into the deal is really how we would handle that.
Brent Erensel: To follow-up on that, you're seeing strong-handed borrowers, some of these big names, just mailing in the keys. Are you experiencing that as well? Where your long-term strong-handed CRE borrower is actually not so strong-handed after all.
Daryl Bible: I would say what we're seeing right now is our long-term clients. It really comes on to client selection, but they're really holding in there. You have to look at their portfolios that they have, and they might have one trouble property, but they have a lot of others that are really performing well and they move cash over to support and put equity into those transactions. So we feel good about that. And we've been in this business for a long time. I get a lot of comfort when I look at Bob and his team, there's a lot of gray hair there. They've been through this many, many times and gives me a lot of confidence. And like I said earlier, the processes we're using are as good or better than what I've seen in the past.
Brent Erensel: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Kenneth Usdin: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Daryl Bible: Hey, Ken.
Kenneth Usdin:
,:
Daryl Bible: Yes. I think that's right. And it does exclude broker because we may pay off some of the broker deposits to really dependently access the unsecured market or not. So I would say, if you look at core, I think that's the right assumption to use, Ken.
Kenneth Usdin: And that was going to be my follow-up, Daryl. So can you explain that just to broker deposit beta is completely outside of that mid-40s beta comment?
Daryl Bible: Yes. So if you look this quarter, our beta on total interest-bearing deposits was 40% and we issued $4 billion of broker deposits during the quarter. If we back out those broker deposits, we were at 34% deposit beta. Our decision to issue broker deposits was one versus looking at it from issuing doing Federal Home Loan Bank Advances or doing unsecured debt, we chose that. As we move forward, the treasury team will basically do what's best for the company and what we need to do. And we'll probably use all three pieces. And when it actually goes into deposits, it impacts the deposit beta. So we tried to give you, excluding the broker piece, what deposit beta is, what Darren said the last several quarters on deposit betas, if you back out the book or he's spot on still where we're performing. So I mean the guide there, we just kind of mixed it up by issuing these broker deposits.
Kenneth Usdin: Understood. And then could you just tell us then, so of -- I don't know, a great way to think about $103 billion of total interest-bearing deposits, just how much of that in aggregate is brokered.
Daryl Bible: I think our broker deposits are about $10 billion in total. And I would say $8 billion of it is CDs and $2 billion of it money market.
Kenneth Usdin: Okay. I get it. That helps. Thanks a lot Daryl.
Daryl Bible: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Hey, Daryl, good morning.
Daryl Bible: Good morning, Ebrahim.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Good morning. Just a follow-up on Ken's question around broker to $10 billion at the end of the quarter. Is there a target that the MAX that we should think about how much brokered deposits can get either on a dollar basis or as a percentage of total deposits that we should keep in mind when we're thinking about betas and the outlook there?
Daryl Bible: Yes. Probably just a few more billion from Ken is probably as high as we want to go there. So we don't want to be outsized in the use of that. Like anything else, we want to be diversified and kind of use all of our funding tools just kind of you want to just make sure you have use them all and you have access to all of them. So but I'd say a couple more billion is all we're going to use in the broker space, but you might actually see that come down if we issue more unsecured debt.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. And just one follow-up on the CRE appraisals. I think if I heard you correctly, you said you had to 50% to 60% of the portfolio. How hard is it to get a true appraisal on a CRE property right now and what I'm trying to get to is what's the risk of being blindsided on reserve levels two or three quarters from now where you need to take a lot more because of fair values. And I'm just wondering the visibility on the appraisal, how conservative are you being as a bank in kind of trying to put this -- getting ahead of this issue?
Daryl Bible: Yes, that's a great question. So what I would tell you is there aren't a whole lot of sales in the marketplace right now. So we don't have a lot of specs when we do have when we use them. But a lot of the valuations we're using, we use the discounted cash flow method and when we look at just a couple of pieces of the discounted cash flow method, when we're looking at properties and the properties vacant, we assume a three-year vacancy for it to get sold up when something is coming due and it's turning over, we assume with 12-year vacancy or 12 months vacancy. So from a cash flow perspective, we're factoring in three amenities to get people in leases. So all that cash flow adjusted in the discounted cash flow model. So it's really impacting the valuation that you have. Cap rates really haven't changed a whole lot, it's really the assumptions you're using on the cash that you're generating in these properties is really what's driving down the values.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. And welcome to the new role. Good to hear you -- call again. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Frank Schiraldi with Piper Sandler.
Frank Schiraldi: Thanks. Good morning.
Daryl Bible: Good morning.
Frank Schiraldi: Just, Daryl, I missed the -- I know you talked about the back to sort of the noninterest-bearing mix shift. You talked about maybe a more normalized, I guess, sort of balance sheet, getting CD balances ultimately back into the mid-teens. Is the best way to think about noninterest-bearing shift from here is basically that all comes at the cost of noninterest-bearing so that we could continue to see pretty significant shift adding noninterest bearing because it seems like you could have some offsetting tailwinds from the trust business as well, right, as sort of that transactional volume maybe picks up or normalized. So I'm just wondering the best way to think about where noninterest-bearing balances could kind of migrate?
Daryl Bible: Yes. No, I think those are all great questions. If you look at our noninterest-bearing to total deposits this quarter, we were at 35%. But if you actually back out the broker deposits that you put in there, we were at 38%. So that here again, broker is kind of playing something with the numbers from that perspective. We probably have that going down, though, by the end of the year, maybe 2% or 3% with a mix change that we have. So I think from that, Corporate Trust is definitely a great business for us. It's a business that's growing for us. As market activity increases in that sector, it will be a big contributor to our balances that we have on the noninterest-bearing side. So that is a really important piece. Right now, the activity just is down some. So there's a lot of market activity. But right now, we're just giving an outlook for a couple of quarters, but as market activity picks up, Corporate Trust will definitely be a big benefit for us in having that mix change.
Frank Schiraldi: Okay. Great. And then just on the other side of the balance sheet, back to the loan growth outlook and I guess, consumers continuing to slow and 4Q balances maybe being down overall. Just on the C&I side, should that growth decelerate here as the floor deal planning stabilizes? And ultimately, where do you think CRE kind of flushes out or stabilizes in terms of the total loans?
Daryl Bible: Right now, if you look at our projections for total loans, it's relatively flat to maybe up slightly. If you look specifically at the commercial side, C&I is growing. This past quarter, it was really driven by dealers, floor planning as far as we're getting on the lots. Some of our specialty businesses and fund or sponsor or kind of the growth areas there. As you move forward, I think as CRE, we're going to serve our clients in CRE. But with the businesses that we have, some of it where we will basically lend to them and sell it back out, so that's more fee business. So that overall business is going to become a smaller percentage of the balance sheet and C&I will continue to be a larger percentage. On the consumer side, it's I think performing well. We might do some asset sales or securitizations just to test the plumbing later this year. So that's really impacting some of those balances if that actually happens.
Frank Schiraldi: Okay. All right. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities.
Michael Mayo: Hey, Daryl.
Daryl Bible: How are you doing, Mike?
Michael Mayo: Welcome to the North. Just a big picture question. I mean, you've been in the Midwest, U.S. Bancorp and you've been in the South, BB&T and Truist and now you're at M&T. And just how do you view M&T when you pull the lens back, having been on the inside at so many different firms and so much perspective over a few decades. Why did you choose to go to M&T, what do you see as the potential that's not unrealized? And what do you think that you can bring extra to the table, which you probably brought up when you spoke to management?
Daryl Bible: Yes, Mike, thank you for the question. I would tell you, first and foremost, I am ecstatic to be here and to be part of the leadership team at M&T. I was actually, my neighbor, Tracy, one of my peers, I walked into her office one evening, and I told her, I think it's better than I expected it to be just the reception of the people and the work ethic and we run a really good company here, and it is really performing well. I'm just blessed to be on the team to try to continue that performance. To me, it reminds me a lot of a bank that's getting larger. And as we get larger, you have to adjust and to meet certain requirements and from regulations and basically actually running a larger company. For me, the big balance that we have to keep is the magic that happens on in the communities each and every day. We empower our regional presidents and people to make decisions out in the field and really do a great job with client touch and how we serve clients. And we want to make sure that, that stays intact. But running a larger company, we also have to have controls and processes in place, so we know what's going on and we can manage the risk as we continue to get larger. So I think it's just a balancing act from that perspective, Mike. And I see a lot of opportunity where I think I can help us perform and get things in working better potentially as we kind of move forward just because we're a bigger company. But I can't say, I can't tell you how much the work ethic here, just how well we run the company and everything. We do a great job and it really starts with the community and are serving our clients. And from that, it kind of all falls down. Working for Rene somebody that I've really respected have known over the industry, I would tell you, it is just a dream come true for me in my career. So I am really blessed to be here, Mike.
Michael Mayo: And just one follow-up. Qualitatively, I think that makes sense, helping a bank manage through becoming bigger and all the regulatory and complexity that involves, but if there was one quantitative metric where you say, you know what, three years from now or maybe five years from now, this financial measure should be better and I'm going to take ownership of that. What would that one financial metric be or maybe a couple?
Daryl Bible: I would say we have a good strong performance, if you look at our investor deck and you look at our investor thesis, our return on average tangible common equity at 15% to 20% is pretty darn good to do that consistently. I think that's good. If you get well over 20% you're either growing too fast or taking more risk, so you have to be careful for some of that. So I think that, that would be a really good target. We are really focused by how we run the company to really, at the end of the day, give a great return to our shareholders. We are really prudent with how we manage our capital, whether it's through buybacks, dividends are definitely key and acquisition. The acquisitions we do and you just look at the Peoples acquisition, I mean, we have great returns off that acquisition. I went through some of the metrics earlier in my prepared remarks. So that's going well. And I would continue to see probably more acquisitions in our future over time. It's kind of in the pace of how we absorb it. When you do these acquisitions, it really takes us good two, three, four years to get the performance up to the M&T standard. So just buying people last year, we probably don't expect people's performance to really be at the M&T performance until we get a couple of years under our growth there. But as we grow into that, we could have potentially other opportunities to do more of that over time. So it's good and it will continue to change and evolve as the industry changes, but people here are fully dedicated to the mission. Everybody is 110% all in, and I'm just excited to be on the team.
Michael Mayo: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Erika Najarian with UBS.
Erika Najarian: Hey, just one last question. I'm sure everybody is hopping on their 9 o'clock call. But Daryl, could you give us a sense of how you think if you are going to do $7 billion in NII, how is the cadence unfurls for the second half of the year. More importantly, what fourth quarter looks like? And is the $183 million impact on a down 100 basis point scenario, from your last Q still sort of in the ballpark of your rate sensitivity to the downside?
Daryl Bible: Yes. Let me start with the sensitivity question, Erika. As we continue to look at our hedging strategies that we have in place and that we are continuing to operate on, we are becoming less and less asset sensitive and right now, when we -- if the Fed increases one or two more times, we'll get a little benefit out of it. But what I use, if you go up 25 basis points and over a 12-month period with that increase, our net interest margin is probably only going to increase one or two basis points because of that. On the downside, we're getting less negatively impacted as we move forward such that if you go down 25 basis points, our deposit betas are not deposit betas. Our net interest margin is only going to go down three to five basis points. So it's getting tighter and over time, we just want to try to keep it as close to zero. I mean it's a big balance sheet so you can't be exact, but you want to be as close as you can, and you don't really want to take a whole lot of rate risk and our treasury team is doing an awesome job and manage this through that. As far as the guide goes, right now with the funding pressures, if you look at what we have rolling off or what's rolling in, we'll probably have a little bit more pressure third quarter versus fourth quarter just because of the repricing that's occurring on the liability side. That said, as things kind of normalize, we're starting to pick up spreads, higher spreads on the asset side and if things stabilize on the liability side, you could actually start to stabilize margin probably in the mid-3s as you kind of embark, but we'll see how that goes maybe next quarter when we look at '24 and beyond. But hopefully, that helps.
Erika Najarian: That really helps. Thanks, Daryl, and look forward to working with you again.
Daryl Bible: Yes. Thanks, Erica. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our last question from John Pancari with Evercore.
John Pancari: Good morning and congrats, Daryl in the new role. Just a couple of very quick things for me. And just on that NIB, noninterest-bearing mix of 34%. Did you -- where you believe it could bottom? Could it be below that 30 -- you're around currently the level that you were pre-pandemic? Could it how much further below that could be noninterest-bearing mix migrate?
Daryl Bible: Yes. I said earlier on another question, John, you may have missed it, but we -- because of the broker deposits that we put on, just putting those broker deposits on dilutes our percentages. So you aren't comparing apples-to-apples from that perspective. But I would say we're going to go down probably 2% or 3%. The rest of this year will be our best guess. So it's really serving clients to have higher rates. But what I said earlier, we started from a really high place because we've got a lot of surplus deposits, and we really have a huge focus on getting primacy on the operating accounts. And that basically gives us a lot to deal with. And I think at the end of the day, M&T will still have one of the highest percentages of noninterest-bearing to total deposits of our peer group. So I think it's just playing out with just a higher rate environment, and that will change if rates start to go down at some point.
John Pancari: Got it. All right. And then lastly for me. On the deposit side, your outlook does imply modest growth in the second half of this year? What is that primarily going to reflect? Is that a lot of the incremental broker that you expect? Or maybe a little bit of color there?
Daryl Bible: Yes. It's not broker. We really saw this quarter in the middle of the quarter start to stabilize and start to grow. So we're hopeful that we'll be able to get some growth out of our core businesses, whether it's retail, business banking and commercial and maybe towards the end of the year, maybe we'll get higher activity out of the capital markets area in our corporate trust space as well and wealth areas. So I'm hoping that all those business lines will continue to modestly grow throughout the year as we compete for deposits.
John Pancari: Okay. Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Daryl Bible: Yes. Thanks, John.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'll turn the floor back over to Brian Klock for any additional or closing remarks.
Brian Klock: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, clarification of any items on the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations Department at area code 716-842-5138. Thank you, and have a great day.
Operator: This does conclude today's M&T Bank Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. You may disconnect your line at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-17 14:20:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the M&T Bank First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.  I would now like to hand the conference over to Brian Klock, Head of Markets and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Brian Klock: Thank you, Shelby, and good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it, along with the financial tables and schedules by going to our website, www.mtb.com.  Once there, you can click on the Investor Relations link and then on the Events and Presentations link. Also, before we start, I'd like to mention that today's presentation may contain forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information as well as reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's earnings release materials as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials.  These materials are available on our Investor Relations web page, and we encourage participants to refer to them for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and risk factors. These statements speak only as of the date made, and M&T undertakes no obligation to update them.  Now I'd like to turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Darren King.
Darren King: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. Our first quarter results reflect the strength of our balance sheet and liquidity position as well as the impact of our merger with People's United Bank. Compared to last year's first quarter, revenues have grown over $970 million or 67%, translating into 24% positive operating leverage year-over-year.  Pre-provision net revenues have more than doubled since last year to $1.1 billion. Credit remained solid with net charge-offs still below our long-term average. Capital levels remained strong with the CET1 ratio estimated to end the first quarter at 10.15%. During the quarter, we repurchased $600 million in common shares which represented 2% of our outstanding common stock, and the Board approved an 8% or $0.10 per share increase in the quarterly common dividend to $1.30 per share. Tangible common equity per share increased 3% to $88.81 per share. In addition, April 1 marked the one-year anniversary of the closing of the People's United acquisition. We're pleased with the results of the largest acquisition in our company's history. The tangible book value dilution was only 4% and has been earned back already. Merger costs were less than anticipated at the time of announcement. Targeted expense synergies have largely been realized and are now in the run rate. As a result of these, the above, the return on investment and EPS accretion have exceeded those expected at the time the deal was announced. Let's take a look at the first quarter results. Diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $4.01 for the first quarter of 2023, down 7% compared with $4.29 in the fourth quarter of 2022. Net income for the quarter was $702 million, 8% lower than the $765 million in the linked quarter. On a GAAP basis, M&T's first quarter results produced an annualized rate of return on average assets of 1.4%, and an annualized rate of return on average common equity of 11.74%.  This compares with rates of 1.53% and 12.59%, respectively, in the previous quarter. Included in GAAP results were after-tax expenses from the amortization of intangible assets amounting to $13 million in the first quarter and $14 million in the sequential quarter, representing $0.08 per common share in both quarters. Pretax merger-related expenses of $45 million related to the People's United acquisition were included in the fourth quarter's GAAP results. These merger-related charges translate to $33 million after tax or $0.20 per common share. There were no merger-related expenses in this year's first quarter.  In accordance with the SEC's guidelines, this morning's press release contains a reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results including tangible assets and equity. Consistent with our long-term practice, M&T provides supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis, from which we have only ever excluded the after-tax effect of amortization of intangible assets as well as any gains or expenses associated with mergers and acquisitions. We believe this information provides investors with a better picture of the long-term earnings power of the institution. M&T's net operating income for the first quarter, which excludes intangible amortization and the merger-related expenses, was $715 million, down 12% from the $812 million in the linked quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $4.09 for the recent quarter compared with $4.57 in 2022's fourth quarter.  Net operating income yielded annualized rates of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders' equity of 1.49% and 19% in the recent quarter. The comparable returns were 1.7% and 21.3% in the fourth quarter of 2022. As a reminder, GAAP and net operating earnings for the fourth quarter of 2022 were impacted by certain noteworthy events. This included a $136 million gain related to the sale of the M&T Insurance Agency as well as a $135 million contribution to M&T's charitable foundation. These items collectively netted and did not materially impact net income. Next, we'll take a deeper dive into the underlying trends that generated our first quarter results. Taxable net interest income was $1.83 billion for the first quarter of 2023, slightly below the linked quarter. The $9 million decrease was driven largely by a $30 million in lower net interest income, reflecting the two-day shorter calendar quarter, partially offset by a $13 million positive impact from our hedging program and $8 million from higher average earning asset volumes net of higher average interest-bearing liability volumes.  The net interest margin for the past quarter was 4.04%, down 2 basis points from the 4.06% in the linked quarter. The primary driver of the decrease to the margin was the impact from a higher level of borrowing, which we estimate reduced the margin by 19 basis points. This was partially offset by the impact from higher rates on earning assets, net of deposit funding, which we estimate added 18 basis points. All other factors had a negligible impact on the margin. Total average loans and leases were $132 billion during the quarter, up $2.6 billion or 2% compared to the linked quarter. Looking at the loans by category on an average basis compared to the fourth quarter, commercial and industrial loans and leases increased $2.4 billion or 6% to $42.4 billion with $1.9 billion being broadly based and $453 million of growth in average dealer floor plan balances. During the first quarter, average commercial real estate loans decreased by $363 million or 1% to $45.3 billion. The decline was driven largely by lower permanent mortgages as average construction loan balances were essentially flat. Residential real estate loans increased by $435 million or about 2% to $23.8 billion due largely to the timing of the retention of originations throughout the prior quarter. End-of-period balances were essentially flat sequentially. Average consumer loans were up $144 million or about 1% to $20.5 billion. Recreational finance loan growth continues to be the main driver of increased balances and these average loans grew $178 million or 2%.  Average earning assets, excluding interest-bearing cash on deposit at the Federal Reserve increased $4.9 billion or 3% due to the $2.6 billion growth in average loans and $2.3 billion increase in average investment securities. Although average interest-bearing cash balances have decreased $777 million to $24.3 billion during the first quarter of this year, they came in higher than our initial projections. The sequential quarterly decline in cash reflects loan growth and the drop in deposit balances, partially offset by the proceeds from long-term borrowings issued during the quarter.  Consistent with our expectations and normal seasonal outflows, deposits declined sequentially. However, the $1.9 billion or 1% sequential average decline was slightly better than our expectations at the January earnings call. We remain focused on growing and retaining deposits. Our experience in prior rising rate environments reminds us to expect increased competition for deposits and changing customer behavior, leading to a mix shift within the deposit base. During the first quarter, average demand deposits declined $8.4 billion. Savings and interest-bearing checking deposits increased $1 billion and time deposits increased $5.4 billion. Average commercial deposits declined a net $2.4 billion as business owners shifted $6.3 billion out of operating demand deposit accounts and into both on and off balance sheet sweep accounts to earn a higher return on their excess balances as well as to make distributions. Almost two-third of the decline in noninterest-bearing deposits was offset by movement into on-balance sheet sweep accounts where those average balances increased $3.8 billion during the first quarter of 2023. Turning to consumer deposits. They declined a net $758 million in the first quarter as $2.5 billion in outflows were partially offset by a $1.7 billion increase in average time deposits. Lower levels of activity in the capital markets and seasonal factors also impacted average balances for the following lines of business. Trust fund demand balances declined $1.2 billion. Municipal deposits declined $789 million and escrow deposits declined $684 million. Average brokered CDs increased $3.8 billion sequentially and due almost entirely from growth during the previous quarter. Turning to noninterest income. Noninterest income totaled $587 million in the first quarter compared with $682 million in the linked quarter. M&T normally receives an annual distribution from the Bayview Lending Group during the first quarter of the year, this distribution was $20 million in 2023 and $30 million in last year's first quarter.  As noted earlier, the fourth quarter of last year included a $136 million gain from the sale of the M&T Insurance Agency. Excluding these two items, noninterest income was up $21 million or 4% sequentially. Trust income of $194 million in the recent quarter was flat sequentially. Service charges on deposit accounts were $114 million compared to $106 million in the fourth quarter. The increase primarily reflects a full quarter of service charges on acquired customer deposit accounts after these fees were waived in October and November of last year. Mortgage banking revenues were $85 million in the recent quarter, up 4% from the linked quarter. Revenues from our residential mortgage business were $55 million in the first quarter compared with $54 million in the prior quarter. Commercial mortgage banking revenues were $30 million in the first quarter compared to $28 million in the final quarter of 2022. Other revenue from operations excluding the distribution from Bayview Lending Group in this year's first quarter and the gain from the sale of the M&T Insurance Agency in the sequential quarter were $140 million, up $9 million sequentially. Turning to expenses. Operating expenses, which exclude the amortization of intangible assets and merger-related expenses, were $134 billion in the first quarter of this year, a little changed from the fourth quarter of last year. As is typical for M&T's first quarter results, Operating expenses for the recent quarter included approximately a Gretzky of seasonally higher compensation costs relating to accelerated recognition of equity compensation expense for certain retirement-eligible employees.  The HSA contribution, the impact of annual incentive compensation payouts on the 401(k) match and FICA payments as well as the annual reset in FICA payments and unemployment insurance. Those same items amounted to an increase in salaries and benefits of approximately $74 million in last year's first quarter. As usual, we expect those seasonal factors to decline significantly as we enter the second quarter. Excluding the charitable donation in the fourth quarter of last year and the seasonally higher compensation in the first quarter, operating expenses increased $32 million sequentially. The increase was due largely to in higher compensation and benefits costs, largely related to higher headcount in the first quarter, $6 million in higher FDIC insurance expense, reflecting a higher assessment rate for the industry, $4 million in higher advertising and marketing expenses and $5 million in professional services expenses directly attributable to the pending sale of M&T's collective investment trust business. Given the prospect for slowing revenue growth, we remain focused on diligently managing expenses and continuing to generate positive operating leverage. The efficiency ratio, which excludes intangible amortization and merger-related expenses from the numerator and securities gains or losses from the denominator was 55.5% in the recent quarter, compared with 53.3% in 2022's fourth quarter and 64.9% in the first quarter of last year. Next, let's turn to credit. The allowance for credit losses amounted to $1.98 billion at the end of the first quarter, up $50 million from the end of the linked quarter. In the first quarter, we recorded a $120 million provision for credit losses compared to $90 million in the fourth quarter.  Net charge for the recent quarter amounted to $70 million in the first quarter compared to $40 million in last year's fourth quarter. The reserve build was largely due to a combination of loan growth and the anticipation of declining values for office and health care properties partially offset by improved expectations for hotel, retail and multifamily property prices. At the end of the first quarter, nonaccrual loans were $2.6 billion, an increase of $118 million compared to the prior quarter, and that represented 1.92% of loans, up 7 basis points sequentially. As noted, net charge-offs for the recent quarter amounted to $70 million including amounts that reflect updated appraisals of nonaccrual office loans. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were 22 basis points for the first quarter compared to 12 basis points in the fourth quarter. Loans 90 days past due, on which we continue to accrue interest, were $407 million at the end of the recent quarter compared to $491 million sequentially. In total, 75% of these 90-day past due loans were guaranteed by government-related entities. Turning to capital. M&T's common equity Tier 1 ratio was an estimated 10.15% compared with 10.4% at the end of the fourth quarter. The decrease was due in part to growth in risk-weighted assets and the impact of the repurchase of $600 million in common shares, which represented 2% of our outstanding common stock. Tangible common equity totaled $14.7 billion, up slightly from the end of the prior quarter. Tangible common equity per share amounted to 88.81 per share, up 3% from the end of the year. Turning to the outlook. As we look forward to the rest of this year, we believe we are well positioned to navigate through the challenging economic conditions. However, the rapidly changing interest rate expectations combined with continued pressure on funding affect our outlook for the full year of 2023. As a reminder, the acquisition of People's United closed on April 1, 2022, and thus the outlook for 2023 includes four quarters of operations and balances from the acquired company compared to only three quarters during 2022.  Our 2023 outlook also reflects the sale of the M&T Insurance Agency that closed in October of last year. And even though the sale of the Collective Investment Trust business is expected to close in the first half of this year, our outlook includes the full year of operations from this business. First, let's talk about net interest income outlook. The outlook for interest rates in the economy continues to change frequently. Since March 8th, the 10-year U.S. government bond yield has dropped 46 basis points and the forward curve has changed meaningfully as well. We expect taxable net interest income to grow in the 20% to 23% range when compared to the $5.86 billion during 2022.  This range reflects different rates of deposit balance growth, deposit pricing and loan growth. Consistent with the current forward curve, our forecast incorporates to 25 basis point cuts in the final quarter of this year. As we noted on the first quarter call, a key driver of net interest income in 2023 will be the ability to efficiently fund earning asset growth. We expect continued intense competition for deposits in the face of industry-wide outflows. Full year average total deposit balances are expected to be down low single digits compared to the $158.5 billion average during 2022. During the first quarter, we issued $3.5 billion in senior debt and we'll utilize the combination of FHLB funding and senior debt over the course of this year as needed to ensure that we can continue to meet the loan demands of our customers. We continue to expect the deposit mix to shift toward higher cost deposits with declines expected in demand deposits and growth in time and on balance sheet suite. This is expected to translate to a through-the-cycle interest-bearing deposit beta in the high 30% to low 40% range.  Taking all of these factors into account, we anticipate the net interest margin to be slightly below 4% for the full year of 2023 and to continue to migrate towards the long-term range we have been discussing for the past couple of quarters. Next, let's discuss the drivers of earning asset growth. We currently plan to grow the securities portfolio by $2 billion compared to the $28 billion balance at the end of March of this year with the addition of longer duration mortgage-backed securities throughout the year. Looking at average loans. We expect average loan and lease balances during 2023 to grow in the 10% to 12% range when compared to the 2022 full year average of $119.3 billion. We anticipate growth to continue in the second quarter. and then for average balances to be flat to slightly down over the second half of the year. This implies total average loan and lease balances in the fourth quarter of 2023 to be up 1% to 3% and from the $129.4 billion average during fourth quarter of 2022.  The mix of C&I, CRE and consumer loans, inclusive of consumer real estate, is almost one-third each as of the end of March. We expect this trend to shift slightly as C&I growth outpaces CRE. As we have seen over the past three quarters, Higher levels of interest rates are expected to slow down the growth in our consumer loan book in 2023. After these average loans grew 2% in the first quarter, we expect the indirect portfolio to be relatively flat over the remainder of the year. Turning to fees. Excluding the $136 million gain on the sale of the M&T Insurance Agency in the fourth quarter of 2022 as well as securities losses, net interest income -- sorry, noninterest income was $2.23 billion in 2022. We expect 2023 noninterest income growth to be in the 7% to 9% range compared to the $2.23 billion in 2022. This outlook for noninterest income includes the impact of a bulk purchase of residential mortgage servicing rights that we completed at the end of this year's first quarter. Turning to expenses. We anticipate expenses, excluding merger-related costs, the charitable contribution and intangible amortization to be up 11% to 13% when compared to the $4.52 billion during 2022. Recall that approximately half of this increase reflects an extra quarter of People's United expenses. In addition, this outlook for net operating expenses includes the impact of the previously noted mortgage servicing rights purchase. We do not anticipate incurring any material merger-related costs in 2023 and intangible amortization is expected to be in the $60 million to $65 million range during 2023. Turning to credit. We expect credit losses to migrate towards M&T's long-term average of 33 basis points, although the quarterly cadence could be lumpy. Provision expense over the year will follow the CECL methodology and will be affected by changes in the macroeconomic outlook as well as loan balances. For 2023, we expect the taxable equivalent tax rate to be in the 25% range. Finally, turning to capital. M&T's common equity Tier 1 ratio of 10.15% at March 31, 2023, comfortably exceeds the required regulatory minimum threshold, which takes into account our stress capital buffer or SCB. We believe the current level of core capital exceeds that needed to safely run the company and to support lending in our communities. We plan to return excess capital to shareholders at a measured pace over the long term. However, in the near term, we plan to maintain a CET1 ratio slightly above the current level until the current economic uncertainty abates. With that, let's open up the call to questions before which Shelby will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Ebrahim Poonawala from Bank of America.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Hi, good morning. I guess I just wanted to go back to the deposit beta and the NII guidance. So high 30s to low 40s deposit beta if you can unpack that a little bit in terms of how has your view around deposit pricing behavior change today relative to January? And that could be because fed funds at 5%, events of the last one-month post SVB. Just give us a flavor of commercial versus retail? Are you seeing differences? And has one changed a lot more than the other? Would appreciate any color there.
Darren King: Sure, Ebrahim. The deposit betas are largely moving consistent with how we thought they would. When we think about the cumulative through-the-cycle beta, we really haven't changed our thought process there. What happens is kind of from quarter-to-quarter, you might see the pace at which we get from where we are today to that terminal cumulative beta shifts a little bit, depending on the competition. And obviously, the first quarter, there was a lot of disruption going on in the market.  But generally, the most elastic deposits are the commercial and the wealth deposits. And when we look underneath the hood there, we see that the betas of the commercial deposits are in kind of the mid-60s to low 70s and that will be higher in commercial. If we add in small business, that comes down a little bit because those deposits tend to be a little bit less price sensitive. And then when you get in the consumer space, you're in kind of the mid-teens deposit beta so far. And with that number, that includes the impact of time deposits. if we didn't include the impact of time deposits on those consumer deposit betas, they'd be pretty low. But we tend to include the time when we think about the beta because we see time for consumers as a substitute product in rising rates for money market savings and savings accounts.  And so, we try to think about the all-in funding cost, which includes time deposits, which is why we include those. And so, when we look at the quarter, and we look at the decline. For me, a couple of things kind of jump out. First is that the decline in deposits this first quarter versus last year's first quarter are almost identical. And so, given that last year was kind of a more normal year and this year had a lot of activity going on for those numbers to be about the same when you look at as at, that gave us a lot of -- we felt really good about that. And the other thing is just a little bit about -- there's a normal seasonal decline that happens in the first quarter as commercial customers tend to make their distributions to principles to pay taxes. But underneath the surface, it's important to keep in mind that there are a couple of things that affected deposit flows for us this quarter. One was trust demand balances were down about $1.2 billion, right? So about 20% of those balances were trust demand balances which move with economic activity and another $700 million odd was escrow.  And with mortgage rates moving, there's less activity and so a little bit less action in the escrow accounts. And so outside of that, I see it as very typical seasonal decline in commercial balances, offset by folks moving - commercial folks in particular, moving some of their balances into on-balance sheet sweep or interest-bearing. So, we kind of look at those two categories together as one. And when rates go down, we see deposits flow into noninterest-bearing. And when rates go up, there's a different mix of interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing, but nothing that we're seeing that's outside of our history, our expectations. So hopefully, that I said a lot, gives you a little color.
Ebrahim Poonawala: It was a lot. And just on a separate question, I think you mentioned you provided some -- made some reserves against office CRE. Obviously, a lot of focus there. Give us a perspective of is there a pool within your office CRE book that you view or within the CRE book at higher risk? And how do you frame the loss content if some of these buildings end up in foreclosure and you do have a distressed sale around that? Is it easy to handicap that right now? And just your thought process in managing that portfolio?
Darren King: Sure. Office, obviously, is getting a lot of attention in the world, and we've been focused on it for quite some time. When we go through it and we look at what we think the loss content is, it's a little bit tricky to estimate right now only because there hasn't been a lot of asset sales. I think in talking to our team prior to the call, they suggested that there were four properties that sold nationwide outside of Manhattan and three in Manhattan in the first quarter. So that's not a lot of activity to get a market price. So, everything that's happening is everyone's looking at cash flows and NOIs. And so, when you think about the cash flows, as we think about our clients. It's - one of the things that's really important to keep in mind is about two-third of our clients in real estate in general have put on fixed -- floating to fix swaps on their loans. And so, the impact of the interest rate increases hasn't really affected their ability to carry the loan. And then we start looking at what's coming due.  And so, you worry about maturities and the ability to -- for folks to refi and the pace at which those loans might come due. And so, when I look forward, when we look forward into the next couple of quarters, in aggregate, we have about $200 million of office maturing each quarter for the next two. And then it actually drops down in the fourth quarter. And when we look at the LTVs of what's maturing, we're in the neighborhood of 80% of those maturing loans have an LTV of 60% or less. And again, it's important to keep in mind that not all of those LTVs are calculated off of brand-new appraisals. Some of them are -- will be a little bit dated, but when you look at some of the protections in place, there's a bunch of room there.  So that's not to suggest that there will be no losses. As you could see in our results for the quarter, we did take some partial charge-offs on a couple of office properties as we did get new appraisals on things that were troubled. But there is still room there. And I think for us, we keep looking at what's the pace at which the loans are maturing. And I think what you'll see, certainly for M&T and I would expect, although I don't know other people's portfolios, that the office story is one that will play itself out over multiple quarters, if not multiple years because of the maturities, because of the fact that most people will hedge if they got a floating rate note.  And a lot of the leases are still not maturing because office leases tend to be longer dated than residential. When we look at our office leases, the number, something in the neighborhood of 75% don't come due until after 2024. So, lots -- I guess, the long-winded way of saying it's a concern, we're watching it. It's -- our portfolio is pretty broadly spread across our footprint. And it will play itself out over the next several quarters.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Manan Gosalia with Morgan Stanley.
Manan Gosalia: Hi, good morning. Just on the deposit side, it's not surprising that deposits ended the quarter below the average. Can you talk a little bit about the trajectory of deposits in the second half of March? How much -- I guess how much the deposit balances change through from Feb 28 through the impact from SVB through quarter end and even if you have what's been happening quarter-to-date this quarter.
Darren King: Sure. I guess I would just caution on drawing cause and effect that the numbers are the numbers, but whether the decline that happened in March was specifically attributable to the SCV or Signature challenges is difficult to say just because there's normal activity that happens in the first quarter, right? As we mentioned, the trust demand balances move based on capital markets, not in activity, not necessarily because of an exogenous event.  But roughly, when you look at the decline in total deposits over the quarter was about 60% happen before March and 40% happened in March. So, a little bit heavier March, but as you get into that March time frame, that's when we got our distribution from Bayview, which is when distributions often get paid right in front of taxes, for commercial clients. And so, when we look at the effect on the bank of the changes that happen, what we tended to see was we opened up more accounts in our business and middle market space than we would typically in a month. And we saw balances come on to our balance sheet as people sought to diversify. And there were some cases where that went the other way. But net-net, we were flat to slightly up from what our expectations were, given all the activity that was happening in the marketplace.  So, from our perspective, we were in line with what we thought for the quarter and pleased with how the client base and our teams reacted to everything that was going on in the world in the month of March.
Manan Gosalia: Got it. And I guess, how confident are you at this stage that deposit balances have stabilized and to the extent -- we noticed that the SCB's essentially doubled on a Q-on-Q basis. So how confident are you that, A, the deposit balances have stabilized? And then B, given that you've kept your deposit beta assumptions, what would cause you to increase your deposit rates as we went through the middle of the year. And maybe if you have it, what were your spot deposit rates as of March 31. Thanks.
Darren King: I'll start with. I don't have the spot deposit rates in front of me, and we can follow up with that. But in terms of the stability of deposits, again, keep in mind that it's the action that we're seeing right now is really in noninterest-bearing, and that's really being driven by commercial deposits. When we look at consumer balances outside of some outflow in January and when I say that, I mean noninterest-bearing, they've been relatively stable through February and March.  And when you look in the consumer space, what you're seeing is a shift between interest-bearing categories. And so, we're seeing movement from savings and money market into time. which is pretty typical during rising rates? And the net is some small up flow in DDA, which again is pretty standard in the first quarter of the year. In the commercial space, outside of the normal seasonal activity, what will happen is deposits, noninterest-bearing deposits will start to stabilize as customers get down to the level of deposits they need to keep in their operational accounts to make payroll, to pay accounts payable and the like and excess will not necessarily leave the balance sheet. It will just shift into some form of interest-bearing. It could be interest checking or it could be an on-balance sheet sweep.  And so there will be some decline, and there always is for M&T in these environments. When we look through the past, we see that when rates have gone down to zero, we tend to have an increase of about four or five percentage points in the percentage of our deposit base that sits in noninterest-bearing. As rates rise, that goes back the other direction. And that's just exactly what we're seeing now and what's happening. And so over time, if you go -- went all the way back into pre-global financial crisis for banks, not just for M&T but for the industry, noninterest-bearing deposits were in the kind of 20% range of total deposits. And they peaked at 45% for us and about 30% for the industry. And so, depending -- and that was the last time Fed funds was anywhere near the rates that they are today. On the flip side, time deposits were a huge percentage of total deposits in the industry in that time period, upwards of 25% or 30% and they've come all the way down into the 5% to 10% range. I give you that as context to say that what's going to happen, what we think will happen is you'll continue to see some outflow of deposits but it will stabilize as rates start to stop increasing. And what you'll see is less movement out and more movement across categories. And again, for consumers, we think that will be from interest products like money market and savings into time. And for commercial customers, it will be from noninterest-bearing DDA into interest-bearing things like sweep and commercial checking.  And so, for us, for the rest of the year, we think things start to stabilize as we get into the second quarter and second half and the build back in commercial checking balances will start in anticipation of next year's first quarter. It's a cycle that it follows itself very predictably every year.
Manan Gosalia: Great. Thanks, so much. Very helpful.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from John Pancari with Evercore.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Darren King: Good morning, John. How are you doing?
John Pancari: All right. I want to see if you can give us a little more color on the updated loan growth guidance, the 10% to 12%. Where are you seeing some of the better trends coming from because it looks like it upwardly revised from where you had expected it coming out of last quarter? Thanks.
Darren King: Yes. So, John, keep in mind that, that 10% to 12% includes four quarters of People this year in the averages versus three quarters last year, right? So, some of that is in there. I think we noted in the outlook that if you look based on the average balances in just the fourth quarter of last year, we're more in the 1% to 3% range.  And if you look at that, a lot of that's happened already in the first quarter. And based on where the first quarter loan balances ended, just the averaging effect of that should carry a little bit of growth through the second quarter. And then we expect things to kind of flatten out a little bit as we go through the back half of the year. And that's how you -- that's just the math that gets the average into that range. And really, the -- I think the challenge that you're seeing is pipelines have been robust, but they're starting to slow down a little bit, and we're managing them to focus our liquidity on our best customers and our relationship customers. And then in some instances, in some of the consumer space as it is indirect and recfi [ph] with rates going up, you're seeing a little less demand from the clients and therefore, a little bit of a slowdown that will keep balances flat to slightly down in that space just as the duration of that portfolio is pretty short. And so, you need to continue to originate new to keep it flat or to grow it. Within the commercial world, there's not a lot of activity that's really happening in CRE. There's not a lot of new construction. And so, what we would expect is you see for us and for the industry, as loans mature capital and liquidity is devoted to those clients and keeping them around. And then in the C&I space, we've seen a fairly broad-based growth, whether it's by geography or by industry type.  We did note that the dealer floor plan balances have grown. They're still maybe half of their long-term average, which is better than they were but there's some upside there. And obviously, you get a slowdown in indirect, you likely see an uptick in the dealer floor plan balances. But those are kind of the spaces where we're seeing activity and how we expect the rest of the year to play itself out.
John Pancari: Got it. All right. And then just secondly, back to the office portfolio, just a few things around that. What percentage of the office book is criticized? I believe last quarter, you indicated about 20% of it was criticized? And in that 60% LTV that you mentioned for what is maturing coming up, do you have some granularity on what the refreshed LTVs look like as part of that. And then lastly, did you add to the commercial real estate reserve this quarter?
Darren King: Okay. A lot in there. Let me try and make sure I get it all. So, the office criticized is still right around 20%. It's up slightly, but not up dramatically. And the hotel criticized continues to come down. So, it's important to keep that in mind because as we talk about the CRE increase that you're asking about, there's an offset within the whole CRE allowance, right? We've seen some improvement in hotel and retail, offset by some decline in office.  But we did add to the allowance in the quarter. If you think about dollar amount, it's probably half to two-third of the $50 million provision was allocated towards the net towards the CRE portfolio. The rest would be driven by growth in other portfolios. When you look at the LTVs, what we've seen in the ones that we have updated so far is we're seeing somewhere between a 15% and 20% decline in some of the updated values of the properties that we've reappraised. And so that's why you didn't hear me talk much about 80% or 70% LTVs because those ones are getting closer perhaps to where these properties might reappraise, but 60% LTVs and sub-50% LTVs would seem to still have a lot of cushion before you're into any material loss content.  And so, when we look at that we feel good about where we are. It doesn't mean that we're taking our eye off the ball, but we feel good about where we are. And again, just to give a little more color on New York City office next quarter, this quarter we're in right now, there's five loans that are maturing with a principal balance of $30 million.
Darren King: And we'll take our next question from Dave Rochester with Compass Point.
Dave Rochester: Hi, good morning guys. On capital, the buyback going forward, it sounds like you're pretty much saying no buyback for 2Q? Or is that too strong a statement? Or is the thought just that you'll wait to get your CCAR results and then hope that the market is more stable at that point and go from there?
Darren King: Yes. I think that is zero a strong statement. When we look through the quarter and what we see with the pace of risk-weighted asset growth, we see the potential actually for kind of a trifecta and that we should see a little bit of risk-weighted asset growth. As rates are rising and liquidity is constrained we think that we'll start to see some increased margin and profitability of new lending activity, which usually happens at this point in the cycle. So, we'll deploy capital to those opportunities first.  We will -- and we do anticipate closing the sale of the CIT business in this quarter, which will create a gain, which will help with our capital ratios, which should allow us to be in the market and repurchase some shares. And at the same time, maintain this kind of capital level that gives us a really nice cushion given the uncertainty in the market and while we wait for the SCB. Now from our perspective, if we run a little light for a quarter, it doesn't mean that the capital is gone. It just means it comes back a little bit later in the year. But we think we're in a position here which is nice where we can actually do all three. We can go risk-weighted assets. We can return capital and we can grow the capital ratios all at the same time.
Dave Rochester: Got it. Very helpful. And then as a follow-up, you mentioned your outlook on hotel, retail and multifamily properties improved. I was just wondering if you could unpack that a little bit and just talk about what you're seeing that drives that improved outlook there. And then, you had mentioned, I guess, office properties at the -- as you kind of redoing these LTVs are coming down, maybe 15% to 20%, if I heard that right. Is that how much you're actually marking these as well? So, the NPAs that you have in the market that you took this quarter, is that roughly the magnitude? Or is it less just given that 15% to 20% really doesn't cut into a lot of those properties if those LTVs as well. Thanks.
Darren King: Sure. Yes. I can't write fast enough to keep up with all the questions that you got. So, if I missed one, just let me know. So, in hotel and retail, hotel, in particular, we saw that portfolio peak at kind of 80% criticized back in the pandemic. And what you're seeing is the return to travel, a lot of capacity that came out of the system during those times and occupancy rates and RevPAR is really strong. And so, the NOIs on hotels are really strong, and that's why you're seeing those come out of criticized and the asset value they're holding up. Multifamily also continues to be strong. I did not make a comment about multifamily values, but multifamily has been very strong. When you look at rent increases over the last 24 months, they've been very strong. And in fact, retention multifamily appreciated faster than interest rates did. And so, they should be well covered to handle moving interest rates until kind of played itself out largely through the pandemic. And as the economy opened up, we've typically seen retail sales of physical retail pretty darn close to where it was pre-pandemic when looking at volume between in-person and online. And so those have performed very well. When you think about -- what was the last question?
Dave Rochester: The marks on the office.
Darren King: The marks on these, yes. So, when you look at where some of these are reappraising, they are coming -- the appraisals are coming down and affecting the LTV. When we would only put it into the allowance, if we have something that is criticized or not performing and we're worried about it, and we think that it would affect the recoverable value, and then we take that in, and we'll put that through the allowance ultimately through charge-offs.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.
Bill Carcache: Thank you, good morning, Darren, could you address how you're thinking about the risk of tougher regulations following the SIVB fallout and Barr's recent testimony, including in areas like TLAC and the elimination of the OCI opt out? And how could we see this as we see this play out, how could we see an effect on your appetite for buybacks and RWA growth?
Darren King: Sure. So, I guess a couple of thoughts, Bill, on the OCI base, when we've had that in mind for the last three years. And all the discussions that we've had over the prior number of years about putting the cash to work and the impact that, that might have in the securities portfolio on AOCI and our capital.  We were looking at both the CET1 ratio as well as the tangible common equity ratio. And it was really the latter one that got us -- gave us a little bit of agita in debating how fast and how much to put into securities. And so, from an OCI perspective, if that comes to pass and that goes into our capital ratios. At the end of the quarter, we had about $1.3 billion in total marks across the AFS and HTM portfolios. About $350 million was pretax the AFS mark. And so, $264 million after tax, it's maybe 20 basis points of CET1. And then if you look at the total, you're maybe slightly below that, call it, 80-ish basis points of CET1, if you had to put both through. And so, when we talk a little bit about our thoughts on capital and where we're kind of managing the CET1 ratio for the next little while, it's giving ourselves some cushion as these things play themselves out. And so, from that perspective, it won't surprise me if that's a change that happens, but I think we're well covered and well prepared should that play itself out. When it comes to TLAC, that's really a longer-term change. I think when you look at what's happening in the industry right now. Most organizations have been increasing their use of wholesale funding and bank notes which ultimately will help with TLAC as it plays itself out. And then there's always the question of how Basel IV and those regulations come to pass and what the final proposals look like. And so, we're trying to be mindful that those are changes that could come and not do something today that would put us in a place where we would have to raise equity or issue TLAC at a suboptimal time.
Bill Carcache: That's helpful, Darren. Thank you. And if I can follow up on your deposit remixing commentary earlier. What's the noninterest-bearing mix that's implicit in your high 30% to low 40% behind expectation? And following up on the commentary about that noninterest-bearing mix, perhaps declining to pre-GFC levels that you mentioned. How are you thinking about that risk? What would that mean for betas?
Darren King: So, I'll try and unpack that for you. The -- I give the comment about where rates were and where deposit -- or where balance sheets were pre-GFC to give context, right? That -- most of the time, when we talk about deposit betas in these industry forums, the point of reference tends to be the last rising rate environment, which was the '16 to '19 period, where Fed funds only got to about 2.25%. And so, given where Fed funds are today and we'll see how long they stay there, it's important to keep in mind what he balance sheet looks -- what bank balance sheets look like back in that time period. We might not get all the way back there. We probably won't get all the way back there depending on how long rates stay at this level, although it does look like they'll stay there longer than the last time, rates of rates rose. And so, when we look at the deposit mix and where things stabilize, we tend to look at and think about demand deposits in conjunction with interest checking and on balance sheet sweep.  And what we've been seeing is some decline in those balances over time as deposit balances come out of the system with the Fed's quantitative tightening that they're doing. And what we think we'll see, which is included in that outlook is we'll see a continued shift from demand, particularly commercial clients, commercial and small business from noninterest bearing into interest checking and sweep.  And that over time, you see those balances look maybe closer to 50-50 from where they are today in those particular categories. There'll still be interest -- noninterest deposits on the consumer side. And those you won't see as much movement into interest-bearing products because they don't tend to switch categories like that. And those are some of the factors that are implicit in those deposit betas. And really, the question to me is twofold. Where do Fed funds ultimately end up? And how long does it stay there?
Brian Klock: Shelby, this is Brian. We're going to go for another 10 minutes, and we've got a bunch of analysts in the queue. So maybe we can limit it to just one question for the analysts that are still there.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew O'Connor: Darren, I want to circle back on the comment about NIM being below 4% for the full year and then trending to kind of that longer-term average I guess, first, just to confirm, is it still, I think, 3.6% to 3.9% the long-term average that you've talked about? 
Darren King: That is correct.
Matthew O'Connor: And then in terms of, I guess, like the timing of getting there and what are some of the obvious, like if rates go to zero, it will be the low end. But what are some of the kind of puts and takes like the 3.6% versus 3.9%. And then lastly, just to be in, like any thoughts on the jumping off point for the end of this year. Thanks.
Darren King: Yes. So, Matt, the biggest driver of the change in our posture and thoughts on NIM has really been the shift in funding sources, right? And so, if you look at the work that we did in the first quarter, the $3.5 billion that we issued, we had talked about issuing wholesale over the course of the year, the markets were very receptive when we went out in January. And so, we pulled forward a bunch of that funding, which had a big impact. We talked about 19 basis points on the NIM. And so, where we stand today, when you look at our asset sensitivity, you can see we're kind of plus or minus 2%, which is where we try to run the bank.  And so, we'll see -- when we go through and we look at those factors and expectations that Fed funds are starting to top out and likely based on the forward curve, we see a decline in the end of the year. That's why you start to see that deposit -- or that margin start to come back down. But as I mentioned, with our asset sensitivity where it is, it's not going to drop precipitously because of the things that we've done with some of the forward starting swaps with the securities portfolio build, with the mix of fixed rate assets on the balance sheet and what have you. And so, it will start to grind down into that range. But given over the long run, the reason we've talked about that range is because we expect over the long run that things "normalize".  And what we mean by that is that the mix of deposits on the balance sheet looks more like what you would see in a normal rate environment. It's not extreme, like where we had 45% of the deposits in noninterest bearing. That's not normal. As that changes, the margin comes down. We'll see a different -- or a mix of time deposits and what the rates are on time deposits, and that will affect the margin. We'll look at what percentage of the balance sheet, it's in cash and securities and as those start to normalize you'll see an improvement in the margin. And so, it's the shift in all of those categories that became very extreme through the pandemic that as they start to come back into what we would consider normal ranges, that's why we think that 3.60% to 3.90% is a normal long-term range for our bank and our balance sheet, just kind of based on history. And so, we'll start to see that migration happen. We started to see it, obviously, this quarter and at the end of last year, and it will continue through 2023. How fast we get there? It seems like things are moving pretty quickly right now just given quantitative tightening and how balances are shifting around the industry. As we get to the end of the year and the jumping off point for the margin, you're probably migrating towards the 3.60% range for the last quarter of the year. There's a lot of factors that can get us there. Between now and then that would be kind of the low end of where I think we would end the year. For the whole year, we're in the ballpark of high three’s just based on that trajectory.  And then when -- as we go through the year and the balances -- the deposit balances price you see some migration down, but it starts to level off as we get towards the back half of the year and you operate in that range through most of 2024 would be our expectation right now. But Keep in mind, there's a lot of assumptions that go into that, not the least of which is what the forward curve looks like.
Matthew O'Connor: Okay. That was a lot of detail. But just to summarize, you think you get to the kind of lower end of the 3.6% to 3.9% range by the end of the year. but that's kind of relatively stable for next year with all the caveats that you have highlighted.
Darren King: Yes. I would I would just alter that slightly and say that the bottom end of the range, you probably don't see until the first half of next year of that 3.60% to 3.90%, but you're slowly moving down as we go through the year. But as we get towards the end of the year, the rate of decline slows, and you kind of stabilize and hold flattish as we go through 2024.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Darren has it go on. Just a quick one on -- the fee guide going to 7.9% from 5% to 7% growth, is the entirety of that just the MSR add that you mentioned you did at the end of the quarter?
Darren King: Pretty much, yes.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And then if I could just sneak in the same one on the cost side. Do you -- in terms of like the expected sale of the corporate trust business, you gave us the revenue number in the press release. Do you have an approximate idea of like when that's going to close so we can just kind of think about taking out the fees and the expenses relative to that over the -- as the course of the year goes on?
Darren King: Yes, sure. The -- we expected to close this quarter for safety for you guys, I would assume that it's out of the run rate for the second half of the year. And you've got the revenue, the expenses are not quite the same as revenue, but they're not far off, which is one of the reasons why we're contemplating this move.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Got it. Right. And you were pretty clear that the rest of the cost guide is inclusive of the MSR, any cost related to the MSR adds.
Darren King: That's correct, right? And so, in the guide, we have both the full year of the CIT business right now just to try and keep it apples-to-apples year-over-year as well as to let you know that we made that MSR purchase. But other than that, there are a few things that were kind of pulled forward in this quarter, some advertising expense, some of the item’s costs related to that divestiture that won't repeat themselves to try and just to give you guys a little bit of color as to why we still feel good about the full year guide.
Ken Usdin: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets.
Gerard Cassidy: We are going to miss you. congratulations on your run in as CFO. I guess, when you started in 2016. So, I know you've got a heavy hit of replacing you, but good luck in the new role.
Darren King: Thank you. I appreciate it. It's been a run. There's a lot that we've seen. We love Bob and Mark. We went through a pandemic at the largest bank and went through a couple of bank failures. So, it's been an eventful time.
Gerard Cassidy: It sure hasn't helping new role your spot rate on your -- my choice money market account is 3 basis points for under $10,000 in the account and over 10,000 adjust 2.96%.
Darren King: I'm just trying to help out the new CFO, so that he has good numbers to report. They will be chastising me about what balances are leaving, but don't forget, that's the offer rate, not the portfolio, rate, but I appreciate it.
Gerard Cassidy: Oh, God, yes. No, no, I know. Absolutely. But here's my question. Speaking of deposit rates, can you share with us, and that you've alluded to this in some of your answers, if the Fed reaches its terminal rate on Fed funds in June, let's say, 5%, 5.5%. And does not cut even though I know you're looking at the forward curve, that includes two cuts in the fourth quarter. Say they don't cut until maybe the first half of '24. When does your deposit betas go flat after reaching the terminal rate, and second, if they go at 60 days afterwards or whatever you think the number would be, do you then benefit from reinvesting the cash flows off of the securities portfolio into a higher rate environment, assuming the Fed doesn't cut the Fed funds rate.
Darren King: So, when you stop start seeing a slowdown in deposit repricing. History has been it's typically one to two quarters after the Fed stops. And so, I would expect even if the Fed stopped in the summer and cut in the fourth quarter, you might not -- you wouldn't see a change in deposit betas in all likelihood until sometime in next year. If you get into the space where they stop and then hold and it goes into 2024, the same thing would be true in terms of you'd see deposit betas go up for a quarter or two after and then start to level off. In all of these things in the pricing, in the ultimate beta.  There's a couple of factors to keep in mind, right? We've always talked about it in terms of where Fed funds is. But as we look at the bank and the balance sheet, there's a bunch of trade-offs that are being made, right? And so, for interest-bearing deposits, there's a cost that is born that you need to offer to the customers. But then there's other alternatives that you can look at to meet those funding needs at the brokered money market, it's brokered CD, it's self-funding, right? And so, our preference is if we're going to give rate, we'd rather give it to our customers then to the capital market. But at the end of the day, you're always making those trade-offs. And then it's the mix shift that happens for our clients, as they are a reflection of the economy, just as any bank's clients are. Consumers are going to keep some amount of money in their can count that they're comfortable with. And every person has their own number, but they won't go below it unless they're in dire circumstances. Businesses are the same way. And so, there's a certain amount of deposits that are going to be on each bank's balance sheet and then within each category, the market is pretty perfect. And we can't pay materially less for money market savings in Buffalo than our competitors can. And the same thing is true for time in the other categories. And so, there's a natural governor in the market that gets all of these different deposit categories to their normal -- what I would call, their normal pricing, right? And then what kind of differentiates one bank from the next is their mix.  And our advantage has always been that we tend to focus on operating accounts, whether it's consumers or commercial customers, and we have a slightly higher mix of those in our funding, which ultimately helps our cost of funds. And so those will be the things that will determine where we end up and how big our beta is perhaps compared to others. But we think it's -- the betas continue after Fed fund stops for a little bit. And the terminal amount is as much a function of your mix of deposits as how high the absolute number goes.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan.
Steven Alexopoulos: I'm curious, in the aftermath of SVB, which was obviously all over the news, what are you hearing now from your large deposit customer right? Are they looking to diversify that you guys lose balances to larger banks, has the storm now passed? Just -- any color you could provide how this is impacting a bank like yours would be really helpful. Thanks.
Darren King: Yes. No, happy to. The long story short was that the change was a positive for us for adding clients and adding accounts. And so, we're hopeful that we were able to serve as a source of strength and to help some of these folks out when these changes happened. And we were, I would say, a net slightly positive as a result of all the disruption that happened in these various markets. For our clients, when we look at particularly our commercial clients and the average tenure, 20, 25-year relationships.  And so, they know us well, and they tend to worry a little bit less. That said, there were some people who chose to move some money into some of the money funds for diversification for rates, as well as some of their comfort level. We didn't lose a ton, to be honest with you to the larger organizations. But what I would say is, in some of those shifts, we were a recipient of balances as much as we saw an outflow. And so, when you add in some of the accounts that we opened, during the crisis, the net was a was a slight positive.  And so, for us, it wasn't the big shift in balances that many were anticipating more, I would say, as much a continuation of the trend that we've been talking about of as quantitative tightening happens as rates are moving up in the money, the rates paid on the money funds, always moves faster than the deposit accounts on the balance sheet. That normal migration is happening and over time, we expect it will come back as those other rates start to match what you can get in the funds.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Brian Foran with Autonomous Research.
Brian Foran: I guess just quickly on lending, it sounds like any underwriting changes on your end are only marginal if I got that comment about focusing liquidity on our best customers. So, I just wanted to confirm that. And then just more broadly, definitely appreciate the point that the rollover in commercial real estate in particulars is fairly slow. But do you think some of your peers will change underwriting more significantly, as people worry about a credit crunch and lending and care in particular? Do you think that's a valid concern or do you think that's overblown right now?
Darren King: I can't speak to what others will do. I think there's a big difference between the banks and the REITs and the CMBS, and how they underwrite and how they've underwritten, and how they think about things. For us, in particular, we don't move our credit standards very much at all. And I think we've talked about this for a while that we've, we've had two Chief Credit Officer since 1983. Our viewpoint on underwriting is pretty consistent. And we try to be the same through good times and bad, right, because what our client’s value is consistency and knowing what they need to have, in terms of a profile of the loan for us to be there.  I think for us and the industry is you look at what's maturing, there's a question of how many alternative sources of funds are available for those loans, particularly in the real estate space. And so as long as mature, one of the questions will be, is there another bank or a fund or someone out there who is ready to take that loan on, which obviously will be a function of the debt service coverage and the loan to value? What likely happens though is, as prices are challenged in the short-term is, you will see some sponsors will have the ability to put in some extra equity, which will help with the underwriting. You might see some A node and B node structures. You might see some outside private equity money come in in the form of efforts or mezz debt to help with some of those shortfalls. So, I think what's typical within real estate is its nuance, right? It's hard to give a blanket statement about what will happen. It's more client-by-client and property-by-property that you work through these things. And so, like I said for us, we preserve our capital and our liquidity for our best customers and many of these ones, particularly in real estate, have been around for a long time. Like we are in the second or third generation of supporting them and we will continue to do that. But there is always opportunity, when this kind of disruption occurs and we will be paying close attention to that as well.
Brian Foran: I appreciate all that. Thank you very much.
Operator: And it appears that, we have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the program back over to Brian Klock for closing remarks.
Brian Klock: And thank you all for participating today. And as always, if clarification of any of the items in the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department at area code 716-842-5138. Thank you and have a great day.
Operator: That concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-19 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the M&T Bank Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Brian Klock, Head of Market and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Brian Klock: Thank you, Gretchen, and good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's fourth quarter and full year 2022 earnings conference call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it, along with the financial tables and schedules by going to our website www.mtb.com. Once there, you can click on the Investor Relations link and then on the Events & Presentations link.  Also before we start, I'd like to mention that today's presentation may contain forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information as well as reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's earnings release materials as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. These materials are also available on our Investor Relations web page and we encourage participants to refer to them for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and risk factors. These statements speak only as of the date made, and M&T undertakes no obligation to update them. Now I'd like to turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Darren King?
Darren King: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. As we reflect on 2022, we want to start by taking a moment to recognize the hard work and dedication of our more than 22,000 colleagues, your tireless efforts to support our customers and communities during challenging times are the heartbeat of M&T. We also give a shout out to #3 and the early responders who saved his life, you remind us all about the bigger game of life.  A year ago, we outlined three key objectives for 2022: complete our long-awaited merger with People's United; deploy excess liquidity to reduce asset sensitivity while protecting shareholder value; and to distribute capital that isn't required to support lending in our communities. Achieving those objectives, we believe, aligns with our goal to build a customer-focused bank and resultant balance sheet that produces consistent, predictable earnings over long periods of time. Against those objectives, here are a few key highlights of the work done in 2022. We closed the acquisition of People's United, the largest in our history. We also completed the systems conversion and continue the process of integrating this valuable franchise. The financial benefits of this combination are consistent to slightly better than our expectations at announcement. We repositioned the balance sheet to deploy excess liquidity, reducing our interest-bearing deposits held at banks from $41.9 billion at the end of 2021 to under $25 billion at the end of 2022.  In deploying that excess liquidity, we reduced costly wholesale funding. We organically, that is, excluding the impact of People’s, grew loans by $4.1 billion and added $7 billion in net investment securities growth. These efforts, which also included the retention of most of the residential mortgage production as well as the acquired People’s United $12 billion longer-duration securities portfolio have led to a reduction in asset sensitivity, helping to protect our net interest margin from future rate shocks.  In terms of capital, we resumed common share repurchases in last year's second quarter now having repurchased $1.8 billion in common stock, representing 6% of outstanding shares, and our common dividend grew by 7% in 2022 representing the sixth year of consecutive increases.  And despite the impact from the acquisition and the rapid rise in long bond yields, our CET1 ratio remained strong at 10.4% which continues to exceed our median peer bank.  Our hard work translated into strong full year financial results. GAAP-based diluted earnings per common share, which include merger-related charges, were $11.53 compared to $13.80 in 2021, down 16%. Net income was $1.99 billion compared with $1.86 billion in the prior year, improved by 7%. These results produced returns on average assets and average common equity of 1.05% and 8.67% compared to 1.22% and 11.4%, respectively, in 2021. We note that these results were impacted by merger-related expenses associated with the People's United transaction. Such expenses amounted to $580 million in 2022 or $2.63 per share. Those same expenses were $44 million or $0.25 per share in 2021.  In accordance with the SEC's guidelines, this morning's press release contains a reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results, including tangible assets and equity. Consistent with our long-term practice, M&T provides supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis, from which we have only ever excluded the after-tax effect of amortization of intangible assets as well as any gains or expenses associated with mergers and acquisitions. We believe this information provides investors with a better picture of the long-term earnings power of the combined institution. Net operating income which excludes the after-tax impact from the amortization of intangible assets as well as merger-related expenses was $2.47 billion during 2022, up 30% compared to what was $1.9 billion in the prior year. Net operating income per diluted common share was $14.42 compared with $14.11 in 2021, up 2%. Net operating income for 2022 expressed as a rate of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders' equity was 1.35% and 16.7%. This compares with 1.28% and 16.8%, respectively, in the prior year.  On a net operating basis, we generated 4% positive operating leverage and 43% growth in pre-tax pre-provision net revenue. This was due in large part to the $2 billion or 53% increase in taxable equivalent net interest income as the net interest margin increased some 63 basis points year-over-year. We are pleased with the results we achieved in 2022 in the face of many challenges, not the least of which was a rapid shift in monetary policy. But our work is not done. We will continue to recognize the value created by our merger while building a more capital-efficient, less asset-sensitive balance sheet that will produce stable and predictable revenue and earnings over the long term. Let's take a look at the results for the fourth quarter. Diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $4.29 in the fourth quarter of 2022, up 22% compared to $3.53 in the third quarter of 2022. Net income for the quarter was $765 million, 18% higher than the $647 million in the linked quarter. On a GAAP basis, M&T's fourth quarter results produced an annualized rate of return on average assets of 1.53% and an annualized return on average common equity of 12.59%. This compares with rates of 1.28% and 10.43%, respectively, in the previous quarter. Included in GAAP results were after-tax expenses from the amortization of intangible assets amounting to $14 million in each of the two most recent quarters, representing $0.08 per common share in both quarters. Pre-tax merger-related expenses of $45 million related to the People's United acquisition were included in the fourth quarter's GAAP results. These merger charges translate to $33 million after tax or $0.20 per common share.  M&T's net operating income for the fourth quarter, which excludes intangible amortization and the merger-related expenses, was $812 million, up 16% from the $700 million in the linked quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $4.57 for the recent quarter compared to $3.83 in 2022's third quarter. Net operating income yielded annualized rates of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders' equity of 1.7% and 21.3% in the recent quarter. The comparable returns were 1.44% and 17.89% in the third quarter of 2022. Both GAAP and net operating earnings for the fourth quarter of '22 were impacted by certain noteworthy items. Fourth quarter results included a $136 million gain related to the sale of M&T Insurance Agency reported in other revenue from operations as well as a $135 million contribution to M&T's Charitable Foundation reported in other costs of operations. These items collectively net and did not materially impact net income.  Let's take a deeper dive into the balance sheet and the net interest margin. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $1.84 billion in the fourth quarter of 2022, an increase of $150 million or 9% from the linked quarter. The increase was driven largely by the $143 million impact from higher rates on interest-earning assets, inclusive of the effect from interest rate hedges, an incremental $19 million from volume and mix of earning assets, partially offset by a $12 million reduction in interest received on nonaccrual loans. Net interest margin for the past quarter was 4.06%, up 38 basis points from the 3.68% in the linked quarter. The primary driver of the increase to the margin was higher interest rates, which we estimate boosted the margin by 32 basis points. In addition, the margin benefited from a reduced level of cash held on deposit at the Federal Reserve, which we estimate added 6 basis points. Total average loans and leases were $129.4 billion during the fourth quarter of 2022, up 1.5% compared to the linked quarter.  Looking at the loans by category. On an average basis compared with the third quarter, commercial and industrial loans and leases increased by $1.7 billion or 4.5% to $40 billion, with $1.2 billion or 4% growth being broad-based across our core commercial banking clients and $542 million or 22% growth in average dealer floor plan balances. During the fourth quarter, average commercial real estate loans decreased by $592 million or 1% to $45.7 billion, driven largely by declines in average construction loans. On an end-of-period basis, construction balances increased slightly from the linked quarter. Permanent average commercial mortgage balances were nearly flat quarter-over-quarter. Residential real estate loans increased $372 million or about 2% to $23.3 billion due to the continued retention of new mortgage originations retained for investments, partially offset by normal amortization. Average consumer loans were up $384 million or about 2% to $20.3 billion. Recreational finance loan growth continues to be the main driver. These average loans grew $325 million or 4%.  Average earning assets, excluding interest-bearing cash on deposit at the Federal Reserve increased by $3.2 billion or 2% due to the $1.9 billion growth in average loans and $1.4 billion increase in average investment securities. Average interest-bearing cash balances decreased by $5.7 billion to $25.1 billion during the fourth quarter of this year, essentially in line with our projections. The sequential quarter decline was due to the drop in deposit balances and the cash deployed to fund loan growth and to purchase investment securities. Average deposits decreased $3.8 billion or 2% compared with the third quarter.  Our efforts to grow and retain deposits has helped reduce the rate of decline compared to recent quarters. However, due to the rapidly rising rate environment and increased competition for deposits, there has been a mix shift within the deposit base to higher cost deposits. Average demand deposits declined $2.6 billion. Savings and interest-bearing checking deposits declined by $2.3 billion, partially offset by a $1.1 billion increase in time deposits. Average commercial deposits declined $4.8 billion as business owners shifted money into both off and on balance sheet sweep accounts, paid down debt and made distributions. On balance sheet sweep, average balances increased $2.5 billion during the fourth quarter of 2022.  Turning to noninterest income. Noninterest income, excluding the $136 million gain from the sale of the M&T Insurance Agency, totaled $546 million in the fourth quarter compared with $563 million in the linked quarter. Trust income was $195 million in the recent quarter, up 4% from the $187 million in the third quarter. The increase was due largely to the impact of better market valuations on assets under management and administration. Service charges on deposit accounts were $106 million compared with $115 million in the third quarter. The decline primarily reflects the waiver of service charges in October and November on acquired customer deposit accounts. These service charges were also waived in September.  Mortgage banking revenues were $82 million in the recent quarter, down 2% from the linked quarter. Revenues from our residential mortgage business were $54 million in the fourth quarter compared with $55 million in the prior quarter. Both figures reflect our decision to retain the substantial majority of the mortgage originations for investment on our balance sheet. Commercial mortgage banking revenues were $28 million in both the third and fourth quarters. That figure was $49 million in the year ago quarter.  Other revenue from operations, excluding the gain from the sale of the M&T Insurance Agency were $131 million, down $22 million sequentially. The decrease was due to the impact of two fewer months of revenues related to the M&T Insurance Agency, which was sold in October, lower commercial loan fees, reflecting lower capital markets activities and a write-down on the underlying assets in certain bank-owned life insurance contracts.  Turning to expenses. Operating expenses for the fourth quarter, which exclude the amortization of intangible assets and merger-related expenses, were $1.35 billion or $138 million higher than the linked quarter. This increase was largely due to the $135 million charitable donation in the fourth quarter. Excluding merger-related expenses, salary and benefits expense decreased by $30 million due to one less business day, the realization of acquisition synergies and the impact of the sale of the M&T Insurance Agency. The quarter included $21 million in higher sequential advertising and outside data processing and software expenses. Both of these categories tend to show some degree of seasonality. The efficiency ratio, which excludes intangible amortization and merger-related expenses from the numerator and securities gains or losses from the denominator, was 53.3% in the recent quarter compared with 53.6% in 2022's third quarter and 59.7% in the fourth quarter of last year.  Next, let's turn to credit. Despite the challenges of labor shortages and persistent inflation, credit remained stable. The allowance for credit losses amounted to $1.93 billion at the end of the fourth quarter, up $50 million from the end of the linked quarter. In the fourth quarter, we recorded a $90 million provision for credit losses compared to the $115 million provision in the third quarter. Net charge-offs were $40 million in the fourth quarter compared to $63 million in last year's third quarter. The reserve build was largely due to growth in our C&I and consumer portfolios. The baseline macroeconomic forecast experienced nominal deterioration during the fourth quarter for those indicators that our reserve methodology is most sensitive to, including the unemployment rate, GDP growth and residential and commercial real estate values. At the end of the fourth quarter, nonaccrual loans were $2.4 billion and represented 1.9% of loans, essentially unchanged from the end of the linked quarter. As noted, net charge-offs for the recent quarter amounted to $40 million. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were 12 basis points for the fourth quarter compared to 20 basis points in the third quarter. Loans 90 days past due on which we continue to accrue interest, were $491 million at the end of the recent quarter compared to $477 million sequentially. In total, 74% of these 90 days past due loans were guaranteed by government-related entities. Turning to capital. M&T’s common equity Tier 1 ratio was an estimated 10.4% compared with 10.7% at the end of the third quarter. The decrease was due in part to the impact of the repurchase of $600 million in common shares which represented 2% of our outstanding common stock as well as growth in risk-weighted assets. Tangible common equity totaled $14.7 billion, up slightly from the end of the period of the prior quarter. Tangible common equity per share amounted to $86.59, up 3% from the end of the third quarter.  Now, turning to the outlook. As we look forward into 2023, we expect that inflation and higher interest rates will continue to impact the bank and our customers. We believe we are well positioned to sustain a strong net interest margin and pre-tax pre-provision net revenue to risk-weighted assets with our goal to generate top quartile return on average tangible common equity. As a reminder, the acquisition of People’s United closed on April 1, 2022. Thus, the outlook for 2023 includes four quarters of operations and balances from the acquired company compared to only three quarters during 2022. This 2023 outlook also reflects the sale of M&T Insurance Agency that closed in October of 2022. During the first nine months in 2022, this business recorded revenues of $31 million and the results of its operations were not material to M&T's net income.  Additionally, in December, our subsidiary, Wilmington Trust NA announced the sale of its Collective Investment Trust business. Trust income associated with this business totaled $165 million in 2022. And after considering expenses, the results of operations from this business were not material to M&T's net income. Sale of this business is expected to close in the first half of 2023. Since the timing of the closing is uncertain, this outlook includes the full year of the Collective Investment Trust business.  First, let's talk about our net interest income outlook. We expect taxable equivalent net interest income to grow in the 23% to 26% range when compared to the $5.86 billion during 2022. This range reflects different rates of deposit balance growth, deposit pricing and loan growth. Consistent with the current forward curve, our forecast incorporates two 25 basis point Fed funds hikes in the first quarter of 2023 and one 25 basis point cut in the fourth quarter. Key driver of net interest income in 2023 will be the ability to efficiently fund earning asset growth. We expect continued intense competition for deposits in the face of industry-wide outflows. Full year average total deposit balances are expected to be down low single digits compared to the $158.5 billion during 2022. In order to offset deposit declines and to ensure a stable liquidity profile, we plan to issue senior debt during 2023. We continue to expect deposit mix to shift toward higher cost deposits with declines expected in demand deposits and growth in time deposits as well as on balance sheet sweeps. This is expected to translate into a through-the-cycle deposit beta in the high 30% to low 40% range.  Next, let's discuss the drivers of earning asset growth. We currently plan to grow the securities portfolio by $4 billion compared to the $25 billion balance at the end of 2022 with the addition of longer duration mortgage-backed securities throughout the year.  Next, turning to the outlook for average loans. We expect average loan and lease balances during 2023 to grow in the 8% to 9% range when compared to the 2022 full year average of $119.3 billion. This implies total average loan and lease balances in the fourth quarter of 2023 to be flat to slightly up from the $129.4 billion average during the fourth quarter of 2022. Mix of C&I, CRE and consumer loans, inclusive of consumer real estate loans is almost 1/3 each at the end of 2022. We expect this trend to shift slightly as C&I growth outpaces CRE. As we've seen during the second half of 2022, higher levels of interest rates are expected to slow down the growth in our consumer loan book in 2023.  Turning to fees. Excluding the $136 million gain on the sale of the M&T Insurance Agency in the fourth quarter of 2022 as well as securities losses, noninterest income was $2.23 billion in 2022. We expect 2023 noninterest income growth to be in the 5% to 7% range compared to 2022. The outlook for 2023 reflects approximately 10 months of foregone income from M&T Insurance Agency as a result of the sale. Overall, mortgage banking revenues are expected to be up 5% to 7% compared to 2022. Commercial mortgage banking revenues are expected to rebound in 2023, and we will return to a gain on sale residential mortgage banking model in 2023. However, with the high level of interest rates, we expect muted origination volumes and thus, anticipate total residential mortgage banking revenues to be relatively stable compared to 2022. We expect service charges on deposit accounts to be 3% to 6% higher than 2022 and anticipate trust income to be 8% to 10% higher in 2023.  Turning to expenses. We anticipate expenses, excluding merger-related costs, the charitable contribution and intangible amortization to be up 10% to 12% and when compared to the $4.52 billion we experienced during 2022. Approximately half of this increase reflects an extra quarter of People's United expenses. This outlook also incorporates the impact from the sale of the M&T Insurance Agency. We do not anticipate incurring any material merger-related costs in 2023 and intangible amortization is expected to be in the $60 million to $65 million range during 2023. As a reminder, first quarter expenses will be elevated as a result of our typical seasonal increase in compensation expense. For the first quarter of 2023, we anticipate an uptick in the range of $90 million to $95 million. That amount last year was approximately $74 million.  Turning to credit. We expect credit losses to be higher than the strong results in 2022, but to remain below M&T's legacy long-term average of 33 basis points. Provision expense over the year will follow the CECL methodology and will be affected by changes in the macroeconomic outlook as well as changes in loan balances. For 2023, we expect taxable equivalent tax rate to be in the 25% range.  Finally, turning to capital. We believe the current level of core capital exceeds that needed to safely run the company and to support lending in our communities. We plan to return excess capital to shareholders at a measured pace. M&T's common equity Tier 1 ratio of 10.4% at December 31, 2022 comfortably exceeds the required regulatory minimum threshold which takes into account our stress capital buffer or SCB. With a solid starting CET1 ratio and the potential to generate additional amounts of capital over the next few years, we don't expect to change our capital distribution plans. We anticipate continuing to repurchase common shares at a pace of $600 million per quarter under our current capital plan.  Before we go to Q&A, I wanted to take a moment and reflect back on some comments made at the beginning of the call, where we reference #3 and how he is winning the game of life. Sometimes numbers can be simple with deeper meaning than what meets the eye like the divine proportion. I'd like to take a moment and share what I see with some of these numbers. The first game after #3 went to the hospital. Our team returned a kickoff, the first time it has done so in three years and three months. First playoff game was won by 3 points. #14 and 17 are key leaders on our team. The difference between 14 and 17 is 3. That number seems to come up quite often. If you look at those key leaders and you drop the 1 from 14 and the 1 in front of 7, you're left with 4, 7. 47 is an interesting number. I know you're all thinking about the periodic table of elements. 47 is the atomic number of silver. The Vince Lombardi Trophy is made out of silver. That interesting? But it gets even weirder. The symbol for silver is Ag. If you reverse those letters, you get GA which is the abbreviation for Georgia, the potential site of the AFC Championship. And all of this is happening in 2023. There's that number again. Probably just a set of random coincidences or is it? With that, let's open it up to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Matt O'Connor from Deutsche Bank.
Matthew O'Connor : I guess, sticking with the 3s, I think at one point you talked about a long-term NIM of 3.6 to 3.9. So those 3s involved there and they're divisible by 3. And so why don't we kick it off with that. 
Darren King : All right. I guess our outlook for the net interest margin over the long term hasn't changed, Matt. And the question is, what's the long term? And when we look at the structure of an average bank balance sheet and the mix of funding that is deposits or wholesale funding, those costs tend to be pretty competitive, and it's the mix that ultimately drives the margin over the long run. And when you look at where we see our balance sheet going in that of the industry, we think that's -- we're in a unique time right now where pricing has not kept -- deposit pricing has not kept up to rates on loans. And that's ultimately going to close. And so will we see that in 2023, those numbers? Unlikely. But as we go into '24 and '25, will we start to see the margin move back down into those normal historic ranges? We think so. And the most important thing about why we talk about that is, we don't want to set up the bank and the expense structure, assuming that margins like that are going to hold because recent history suggests that's just not likely. If it happens to, that's great. But we don't want to build the bank so that we're counting on those kinds of margins for the expense run rate that we have.
Matthew O'Connor : Okay. So 3 years, once again, 3 popping up to normalize on the NIM. But did I miss any comments on the NIM for '23? Or most importantly, what you're modeling for the fourth quarter this year? 
Darren King : For the first or the fourth, Matt, sorry?
Matthew O'Connor : Both on the full year and then most importantly, the fourth quarter of '23, what are you thinking on the NIM? And then I think that would assume both the forward curve and then I think commercial loans tend to reprice a little bit sooner than maybe funds move. So if you have a 4Q '23 estimate and then framing of puts and takes, which it's helpful, including with the repricing earlier the commercial loans?
Darren King : Yes, sure. If you look at the year, based on our current outlook, we think the average NIM for the year stays above 4%. You probably see a little move up in the first quarter just because of the impact of day count. And so you'll see it pop up. But actually, it's quite likely that net interest income in dollars might actually be lower -- will likely be lower in the first quarter of '23 than it was in the fourth quarter of 2022. Taking into account that forward curve that's relatively flat, but starts to see some cuts at the end of the year, we think the margin will be higher in the first half of the year than in the second half of the year and probably heads down towards 4% as we get to the fourth quarter of 2023.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Pancari from Evercore ISI.
John Pancari : And if you could talk a little bit about any efforts here to protect the NIM at that level, particularly as we look at potential cuts in the third pivot anything in terms of balance sheet positioning that we should be considering in terms of what you're already doing to protect the NIM at these levels? 
Darren King : Yes. There's a few things John, that we've been working on all this year to start to protect the NIM. First, you've seen us increase the size of the securities portfolio, and we've talked a little bit about growing that a little bit further in 2023. Within there, we also anticipate shifting the duration a little bit. We've taken some duration so far in -- on the balance sheet, in the mortgage portfolio, we'll slow that down and we'll take that duration in the securities portfolio with some MBS -- we'll also be doing -- we mentioned some term funding, which we'll lock that in, which will also help. And then the thing that ultimately is the biggest benefit to maintaining the margin and reducing asset sensitivity is deposit pricing, right? And so it's a little bit painful when it's compressing on the way up, when it's catching up to the loan pricing. But ultimately, the best way to combat declining rates is through repricing of deposits. And so those three things would be the biggest help. We will and continue to have a hedge portfolio that helps reduce some of the asset sensitivity in the short term, might help the NIM of some of the earlier hedges that were put on that are a lower received fixed rate roll off. And so those are kind of the three major things that will have helped us reduce our asset sensitivity, and will help us protect the NIM at these kind of higher levels as time goes on.
John Pancari : Okay. So no major change in terms of the hedging swaps other than what is rolling off, correct? 
Darren King: Yes. We'll see how much we grow from where we are at the end of the first quarter because of the position of the balance sheet and what we'll do will likely not be to add to outstanding notional but to add to forward starting is likely what we would do.
John Pancari : Right. Got it. Okay. And then just one other follow-up on the commercial real estate front, could you maybe give us an update on what you're seeing there in terms of credit trends, maybe trends in delinquencies and criticized assets and any time distress in the office portfolio, that would help? 
Darren King : Yes, sure. Within -- in the commercial real estate portfolio, the biggest trend that we've had going on for probably the last four quarters is just the reduction in the construction portfolio. And so a large number of construction projects were originated in late '18 and during 2019. And as the pandemic went, they continued but at a slower pace, and those have been coming to completion this year. And as those have come to completion, they've turned into permanent mortgage financing oftentimes not on our balance sheet. And so you've seen the decline in commercial real estate largely being construction related.  When we look underneath at some of the major categories and we look at the criticized, we actually have seen hotel criticized balances peak probably about two or three quarters ago. It got as high as about 86% of our hotel portfolio. It's now down below 50%. And if we're seeing remixing in the criticized, there's two categories. One is healthcare, which we've talked about a little bit before, and that's typically assisted living and senior housing. And that's not from a lack of demand that we're seeing some challenges in that portfolio. It's their ability to staff. And so we've seen occupancy rates in these portfolios come up post pandemic but they're not able to get all the way back to pre-pandemic levels because there's not enough staff to adequately care for the folks that want to live there. And then the other place, obviously, we're looking at is office, and we're paying a lot of attention to office. The portfolio, I think, is as of the end of the year, right around 20% criticized, we're watching lease expirations and lease sign-ups. The vast majority of our real estate portfolio has lease expirations out 2024 and later. So far, what we've seen is decent renewing. We are seeing some movement down in price per square foot. But what we've been doing is going through all of the lease portfolios -- sorry, the office portfolios and stressing both vacancy rates and lease rates to see what the debt service coverage ratio is and what making sure that we've got adequate coverage. If we talk about our expectations for charge-offs, in -- as we go into this year. That's the place where we'd have the most concern. When we talk about charge-offs moving up from the levels we've seen in 2022. It will be some of those portfolios that is still a place where we've really got our eye.
Operator: Our next question comes from Frank Schiraldi from Piper Sandler. 
Frank Schiraldi : Hi, Darren. Just wanted to ask about -- just, I guess, a follow-up on the office book. If you could just remind us where that total office exposure is and then specifically the exposure in New York City? 
Darren King: Probably you should -- you'll see this when the K comes out. But the office exposure in total is right around $5 billion. When you look at what's in New York City, it's about 15% that would be New York City. It's pretty widespread across predominantly the Northeast.
Frank Schiraldi : Okay. And then just a follow-up on CRE. In terms of -- I think you mentioned that the permanent CRE book was sort of flattish linked quarter with construction balances rolling off. And it sounded like -- I just want to make sure I understand that for 2023, is the expectation that, that permanent CRE book will grow just to a lesser extent than the C&I book? Or do you still -- are you still looking for outflows in that or thinking about outflows in that CRE book?
Darren King : Yes. Yes. Overall, Frank, we're thinking that the overall CRE book does continue to drift down, but at a much slower rate than what we've seen in 2022. It will be a modest decline -- well, on average, it's actually going to be up because of the People's United. But if you look versus the fourth quarter, the permanent book on average is relatively flat compared to where the fourth quarter was. And most of the decline would continue to be in the construction side of things. Remind you the construction portfolio is the one that -- is one of the ones that tends to carry higher loss rates in the stress test, which is part of the reason why we've been working to obviously support our customers so that they can finish the projects, but then to not add meaningfully to that once those reach their completion and find permanent financing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken from Jefferies. Go ahead, Ken.
Darren King: Maybe we'll continue on, and we'll catch Ken in a little bit.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ebrahim Poonawala from Bank of America.
Ebrahim Poonawala : I guess just maybe on the balance sheet. So you mentioned about $4 billion in securities purchases from $25 billion at year-end. If you don't mind reminding us like what that implies for the cash balance as we think about -- on a steady state, I think cash was about $25 billion over the fourth quarter. Is $20 billion the right place for you or where the bank expects to be? And how much of that might go away from like deposit runoff. So just thought process around that? 
Darren King: Yes. There will be some movement, Ebrahim, between cash and securities over the course of the year. If you look at the as-at the end of the year, probably down in the $9 billion range. If you look at the average for the year, probably think in the slightly below $20 billion, between $20 billion and $19 billion is probably the spot. That number is going to move around a little bit, obviously, depending on outflows in deposits, as well as our funding needs to support loan growth as well as to make sure we're managing the bank's liquidity profile. And so those will move around a little bit over the course of the year, but those are kind of round numbers where we're forecasting 2023.
Ebrahim Poonawala : Got it. And I'm sorry if I missed it, you talked about issuing some debt. Did you quantify how much in debt do you expect to issue through the course of the year? 
Darren King: I didn't mention a number, obviously, that this is dynamic, right? And that the amount is going to be a function of what's happening with deposit funding and runoff and whatnot. But right now, we think it's in the $3 billion to $4 billion range over the course of 2023.
Ebrahim Poonawala : And what would be the cost of the debt today given just the shape of the yield curve? I'm just wondering if it's better to lock in term funding relative to short term right now based on the market? 
Darren King : Well, it's a great question. There's -- obviously, the rate isn't depending on the tenor, right? And right now, there's a -- you like the opportunity to reprice the shorter-dated notes but they're trading higher than the longer-term debt. And so we think low to mid-5s is the range of yield on that depending on the term. And what we'll be trying to do since we've really brought down the level of wholesale funding at the bank will be to not lock in all-in-one tenor, but to start to build a more balanced maturity profile as we think about the funding of the bank, so that we don't have massive amounts coming due all at the same time. And so I think as you think about it, think about not being all one tenor and one type of but something that starts to build a little bit of a profile that is spread out over the next few years.
Ebrahim Poonawala : Got it. And just on a separate note, the CRE book or the CRE office, do you have the debt service coverage ratios handy in terms of where they were at the end of the year? 
Darren King: I don't know that I have that right off the top of my -- at the tip of my fingers here. Give me one second and let me see if I can find it. But it has -- in aggregate, that portfolio has still been above 1. And when we look at the LTVs in that portfolio, they still run below 60% on a weighted average basis. Now obviously, there are some above that and some below. But as we look at it right now and we look at the clients' ability to support the asset either with cash flow or with how much equity they have in the property where we feel pretty comfortable with where we sit, but we're watching it. As we've talked about, there's -- it's one of the places where we see the most risk and where we're focusing a lot of our attention from a credit perspective.
Operator: Next question comes from Manan Gosalia from Morgan Stanley.
Manan Gosalia : I was hoping you can break down your loan growth guidance for next year. In the past, you've spoken about the lending synergies from the People’s acquisition and the footprint there. I think you mentioned small business card and equipment finance. So just if you can break down how you see that contributing to loan growth in '23? And how you see that evolving? 
Darren King : I guess as we look at People's impact on 2023 from a loan perspective, it's certainly additive. But it's one of those things where the loan balances take a little bit of time to build and to show up in a material way. So when we look at 2023, we continue our focus on C&I, and we expect to see strong growth in the C&I portfolio over 2023. On an average basis, it prints a big number because it's four quarters of People’s and not just three, and so 20-ish percent over the average in 2022. But outside of that, it comes down a little bit more like into the 3% to 5% range.  There's a bunch of pieces in there. One of the ones that we talked about that impacted the fourth quarter was our dealer floor plan business. And what we've seen is, is some inventory builds as supply chains open up and consumer purchases slowed down a little bit with rising rates, and so we saw some movement there. We did see some broad-based movement in our core commercial customer. The leasing business where we prefer to call it our equipment finance business continues to show steady growth, which would show up in the C&I balances. And then the other thing where we'll be intensely focused is on building out our small business and business banking segment. That's one of the places where we see a great opportunity in the New England franchise and to deploy our methods of banking.  When you look at the other portfolio CRE, we talked about relatively flat to slight somewhat down, the consumer real estate also flat to down, and that's really -- that's the consumer mortgage business, and that's really just a reflection of normal amortization. And because we will stop holding the originations, we will go back to gain on sale. And then we think the consumer portfolio slows down a little bit, again, just because of the interest rates and the pace of activity in terms of car buying as well as recreational vehicle purchases. The one offset there, which is also a People's related thing. But unfortunately, it doesn't grow the balances that much as we expect to launch our credit card into the People's United markets, which will help grow credit card balances. But as I mentioned, they are still relatively small, and so hard to see in the bond growth but nice from a margin perspective.  One of the other things that is in the People's franchise, which we like is, we've talked about it before, the mortgage warehouse lending business, but it's a tough part of the cycle for the mortgage warehouse lending business that -- with refinance activity almost not exist and purchase a little bit low, but the balance is there, are likely to still be a headwind. We don't think that they go down materially from here, but they won't go back to where they were in 2020 and 2021 without a decrease in the long-term mortgage rates. 
Manan Gosalia: That's really helpful. And I think you've also mentioned in the past that C&I is benefiting now because of less capital markets activity. Are you assuming some sort of reversal in your '23 guide?
Darren King : We're just -- we're cautious about the level of economic activity and seeing some slowdown in inflation, in GDP and what that translates into in terms of demand from our clients. It's really not much more than that. There isn't any sign that we see that we're seeing a material slowdown -- or we're not seeing credit concerns, we're just seeing cautiousness while people wait to see how the economy plays out in 2023. And so we're cautious on it as well. 
Manan Gosalia : Got it. And then just a follow-up on one of the prior questions. On the stress test, you've spoken about the adverse effects of the excess cash balances and of course, the Fed has been stressing CRE more than the other asset classes. Just given that December 31 will be used as a starting point for the next stress test, do you think you've done it now for how well do you think you're positioned going into that? 
Darren King: We've certainly made a meaningful shift in the balance sheet this year. Cash balances, we mentioned, are down the better part of $17 billion from where they were at the end of last year. The mix of C&I and CRE when we focus just on commercial balances is almost 50-50, where it was 60-40 before CRE. And when we look at the -- or the construction balances, they're down a couple of billion dollars. And so -- and not to mention the margin is up and so the PPNR start point is higher. Things that we've got our eye on, and we're not -- we're uncertain a little bit is how the merger expenses will be treated in the stress test this year. But once we get through 2023, it should be clean. And so that will be helpful.  And then the other question is, what's the Fed scenario, right? We haven't seen it yet. It's very likely that it will continue to focus in the real estate sector. Previously it focused on hotel and retail. Those seem to be doing a little bit better. So it wouldn't surprise us if the new focus is office and healthcare. And so it just depends on where the emphasis is from that perspective as well. But we start from a really strong capital position. We've got the current SCB covered, which is pretty high. And we continue to move the balance sheet in a positive direction, which if it doesn't get us all the way where we want to be in 2023, it should carry us a long ways towards where we want to be in 2024.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ken Usdin from Jefferies.
Ken Usdin : Darren, on the cost side, you mentioned, obviously, the conversions being passed. Can you give us an update on what proportion of the initially expected $330 million of saves from People’s were in the fourth quarter run rate; and if not fully there, when do you expect to get there? 
Darren King : Yes. Ken, the vast majority of the saves are in there through the end of the fourth quarter. We're probably -- if you think about we were targeting 30% of the cost base, we’re like 27% or something in that range, is what we've achieved so far. When you look at it on a percentage basis, we're almost there. When we look at it on a dollar basis, the run rate is actually a little bit higher than we thought it would be because of inflation. When we talk about the percent save, it's still the same. And so, some of that will come out over the course of the year. We're running -- we’re carrying a little bit higher staffing in the branches as we stabilize a little bit higher staffing in some of the call centers. And so those things will normalize themselves over the course of the year.  But when we look at where we sit, from my perspective, we pretty much closed the book on the cost saves that we expected to achieve. A couple of other things that have worked out very positive is the onetime expenses turned out to be a little bit less than we thought. We incurred a little bit less in severance expense. We also incurred a little bit less in some contract terminations than we thought at due diligence. And the nice thing is the People’s was an asset-sensitive franchise. And with rates going up, the NII is coming in better than we thought. And so the PPNR is a little bit higher than we expected.  So overall, the numbers that we thought we would realize post close and post conversion are in line to slightly better than what we thought, and we're almost back to breakeven on tangible book value.  So overall, we're very, very positive about where things sit early on. And as we mentioned before, excited to go to work in New England and bring M&T's branded banking into that new market.
Ken Usdin : Got it. Great. So then one follow-up to that is then if that's the case that you're pretty run rate, then we can all take a look at the kind of implied underlying expense growth off of this fourth quarter and knowing that you have the seasonal step-up in the first. So can you just kind of frame that for us, just what do you think about that organic side, what's driving it in terms of the initiatives that you're focusing the most in terms of incremental expense growth from here? 
Darren King : Yes. The biggest driver of that is compensation. And when you look at 2022, we made some meaningful adjustments to our associates' compensation. We raised the minimum wage. We've been dealing with competition for talent like everyone has, and compensation expense is about 55% of our total expense base. And so when you look at the driver of that growth, it's really that compensation cost that's driving it. Outside of that, the other line item, you'll see where we'll be investing and have been is in outside data processing and software, that I think for us and for the industry, you see more and more reliance on purchased software. And with those future software contracts come licenses and maintenance fees, which tend to go up, every year. And the other place, we'll probably see a little bit of growth in advertising and promotion. As we continue to stabilize the franchise and introduce ourselves in New England, we'll see an uptick in that as we go forward and then kind of normalize into what I would describe as a normal percentage of our operating expense over time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Alexopoulos from JPMorgan.
Steven Alexopoulos : I want to start. So looking at this quarter with the second quarter where you funded loan growth with excess liquidity, talking about issuing sub debt, when do you think you'll start growing deposits again? Is this back half '23? And where do you see the loan-to-deposit ratio trending through the year or maybe ending the year? 
Darren King: There's always an ability to grow deposits. It's just at what cost, right? And so we're always looking at -- number one, our focus is on customers and customer relationships. And so for situations where we would have single-service time deposits or money market accounts, we may not choose pay rate there because we can fund the bank more efficiently in the wholesale markets. But for customers who are operating account customers, which is our core funding base and part of our long-term strategy, then we're more willing to pay rate. And so we're always making that trade-off. And so to say that it's going to officially end in the second half of the year, I think would be would be a little foolhardy. But our idea is, obviously, there will be a spot you get to where customers maintain balances in their checking accounts, if you're a consumer or your operating account, if you're a business and you kind of hit that floor. And when will that floor hit, I think we start to see it as rates stabilize, and you'll see that as we go through 2023. But also, we know that the deposit pricing lags movements in Fed funds and moves -- lags movements in loans. And so our goal will be to stabilize it as we go through the year. But obviously, making those trade-offs that I mentioned as we work with clients.
Steven Alexopoulos : Okay. And then -- so where do you see the loan-to-deposit ratio moving? 
Darren King: Oh, sorry. Right. The -- I think over time -- and again, time, maybe, let's call it, 3 years, aha, just to pick on our #3 is, over the long term, loan-to-deposit ratios for us and for the industry will trend back to their long-term average. And when we think about those loan-to-deposit ratios and those long-term averages, that's also part of the reason why we talk about that net interest margin over the long run, normalizing back to where it's been historically. And so we're kind of, we think, maybe around 80-ish a little bit above as we get to the end of 2024 -- sorry, 2023. But it's obviously a function of how we choose to pay and fund the bank.
Operator: And our last question comes from Gerard Cassidy from RBC Capital Markets.
Gerard Cassidy : I was going to say, and I know the 3 was in the middle of the call, your stock was up 3%, but now it's up over that, so I can't use that. 
Darren King : Well, we appreciate that and the 3 reference. There's something that happens in every call and it kind of seems to run its course. So 3 is this one.
Gerard Cassidy : There you go. A question for you regarding your comments about the commercial real estate portfolio. When you look at it, particularly for office, there's a concern, of course, with the work-from-home possibly being more permanent and there'll be less space needed, possibly vacancy rates go up in the office space. What do you think is the greater risk? The occupancy rates going higher because of that trend or the refinancing risk where your customers having to refinance because their mortgages are terming out, they have to refinance it and the rates are just so much higher today than when people took down these mortgages maybe 5 years ago?
Darren King : Right. So I think it's hard, Gerard to pinpoint it on one or the other because they work together, right? I mean if occupancy and price per square foot was okay, are holding up, then you probably got the coverage to refinance when your loan is due. I remind you, when we underwrite whether it's multifamily, office or hotel, we underwrite to long-term interest rates and long-term occupancy rates. And so we've got some protection built in with our clients when we underwrite. So there's a little bit of room there. But as we look at it, I think in the short term, it's the refinance risk, it's a little bit bigger. Over the long run, we debate this a lot internally, and we go back and forth with our Chief Credit Officer, that this trend of more remote work, hard to handicap where that's going to end up, right? You can see some changes in the economy. You see some movements with some of the tech firms with employment. That may or may not drive people back into the office, we don't know.  But when you see younger people early in their professional career, you can see the benefits to being co-located with their co-workers. And so that trend, I think, ultimately starts to come back. Is it five days a week probably not, but it's not going to be zero, at least this is Darren's opinion. So take it for what it's worth.  To me, the bigger issue is when you look long term at the population, there's a big chunk of the population called the baby boomers that are approaching retirement age. They're not enough of them to come in up in the next wave to use all the space that they needed to sit in to be employed. And that's a longer-term cyclical trend, which will affect these things. And so there's going to be some pain in the short term, no doubt. Over time, rates will move up and down and refinancings will happen. There will be some movement in and out. But to me, the longer-term trend is what's happening with the population and the working population and what's the capacity that exists today versus what the likely future looks like, absent any other changes in politics. And I will leave it at that before we get into a discussion I don't want to get into.
Gerard Cassidy : Sure. As a follow-up question, based upon your experience and your conversations with your colleagues at M&T, what do you think is driving what we're seeing today where the CECL reserve build -- you and your peers obviously have to take a look at the economic forecast. Many people use Moody's, which is weaker this quarter than last quarter, which drove up reserves. But at the same time, I think you mentioned your net charge-off numbers are expected this year to be below your through the cycle levels. Spreads in many areas, high-yield securities or even one of your peers that their corporate loan spreads haven't widened out yet. What's going on where we're not seeing -- we -- I don't think, some metrics telling us we're going to have a tough downturn, whereas the reserve build is pointing to a weaker economy? 
Darren King: Yes. I think, Gerard, to me, when I think about the way we all set aside reserves. We've got -- it's weighted heavily on your economic forecast and your R&S period, your reasonable and supportable period, which for a lot of the industry is the first couple of years and then there's a reversion to the long-term average. And so what you're seeing today is the current view where the charge-offs are well below the long-term average. And so the allowance is always going to take that the long term into account. And then you're forecasting and bringing forward those losses based on the assumptions that go into the R&S period. And the expectation for unemployment to go up and for GDP to come down is there. It's in the baseline for Moody's. It's moved a little bit. Most People like us will not just look at the baseline, but look at a more severe economic scenario as well as a better one. And you kind of weight those. And it doesn't necessarily need to be what you see today in the pricing and the spreads versus what's in the forecast. They should be connected, but they're not always, right? And there's always going to be points in time where these disconnects exist. And so we look at it and we think about the provision is keeping the bank safe. It's capital by another form. But as we underwrite business, we're always looking at each individual relationship and its ability to pay back. And the spreads are going to be a reflection of the expectation of that credit risk through the cycle. And so for us, we've had so many long-term relationships where we've seen the behavior of these clients through the cycle and their willingness to step up and many times bring outside resources to help maintain their payments and stay accruing. And so each organization is different, but that to me is a little bit of why you might see a disconnect between what's actually pricing today versus what's in the CECL outlook.
Gerard Cassidy : And just quickly on the CECL outlook, what was the weighted unemployment rate that you guys came up with in your analysis? You mentioned you used the base case, but you also took into account the more severe case as well. 
Darren King : Yes. We're kind of in the 4-1 range on unemployment in the base. And that's during the R&S period, obviously, right? And so you're -- once you get past that, then you're reverting to the long term.
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for the question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Brian Klock for closing remarks. .
Brian Klock : Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, a clarification of any of the items on the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department at area code (716) 842-5138. Thank you and have a good day
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-19 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the M&T Bank Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on listen-only and the floor will be opened for questions following the presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Brian Klock, Head of Markets and Investor Relations. Please, go ahead.
Brian Klock: Thank you, Gretchen, and good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's third quarter 2022 earnings conference call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it, along with the financial tables and schedules by going to our website, www.mtb.com. Once there, you can click on the Investor Relations link and then on the Events and Presentations link. Also, before we start, I'd like to mention that today's presentation may contain forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information, as well as reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's earnings release materials, as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. These materials are all available on our Investor Relations webpage, and we encourage participants to refer to them for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and risk factors. These statements speak only as of the date made, and M&T undertakes no obligation to update them. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Darren King.
Darren King: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. As we reflect on the past quarter and the first nine months of the year, we're pleased with the progress we have made executing on the plans we laid out in January. Through the first three quarters of the year, we have been actively putting our dry powder to work. We deployed $6 billion of cash into net investment securities growth, investing at consecutively higher yields, thereby limiting the impact on accumulated other comprehensive income, and at the same time, we began to rebuild our derivatives hedging portfolio. Excluding the impact of the acquired loans and PPP loans, we've grown commercial and industrial loans by $3 billion, consumer loans by about $640 million, while the $2.8 billion decline in CRE balances reflects our decision to serve our commercial real estate customer base in a slightly different way. All of these efforts have led to a reduction in our asset sensitivity, helping to protect our net interest margin from future rate shocks and making our balance sheet more capital efficient. In terms of capital, we restarted common share repurchases in this year's second quarter and have now repurchased $1.2 billion in common stock, representing 4% of outstanding shares. And we closed the acquisition of People's United Bank and began the process of integrating this valuable franchise. Looking back through the first nine months of this year, this hard work has translated into strong financial results. We generated positive operating leverage and 27% growth in pre-tax pre-provision net revenue. And the trend has grown stronger each quarter as we generated pre-tax pre-provision net revenue of more than $1 billion in the third quarter of this year, representing 9% positive operating leverage compared to the linked quarter. Tangible book value per share has also remained relatively stable during 2022, despite the rising rate environment and the impact that can have on accumulated other comprehensive income. We ended the third quarter with a CET1 ratio of 10.7%, which exceeds the median peer bank level by a wide margin. But our work is not done. We continue on the path set out at the beginning of this year to build a more capital-efficient, less asset-sensitive balance sheet that will produce predictable revenue and earnings. A key element of our plan is to recognize the value created from the combined franchise. We're excited about our expanded footprint and the benefits that our combined company can bring to our shareholders, customers, employees and communities. Now, let's review our results for the quarter. Diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $3.53 for the third quarter of 2022 compared with $1.08 in the second quarter of 2022. Net income for the quarter was $647 million compared with $218 million in the linked quarter. On a GAAP basis, M&T's third quarter results produced an annualized rate of return on average assets of 1.28%, and an annualized return on average common equity of 10.43%. This compares with rates of 0.42% and 3.21%, respectively, in the previous quarter. Included in GAAP results in both the second and third quarters, were after-tax expenses from the amortization of intangible assets amounting to $14 million or $0.08 per common share. Pre-tax merger-related expenses of $53 million related to the People's United acquisition were included in these GAAP results. These merger-related charges translate into $39 million after-tax or $0.22 per common share. Consistent with our long-term practice, M&T provides supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis, from which we have only ever excluded the after-tax effect of amortization of intangible assets as well as any gains or expenses associated with mergers and acquisitions. M&T's net operating income for the third quarter, which excludes intangible amortization and merger-related expenses, was $700 million compared with $578 million in the linked quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $3.83 for the recent quarter compared with $3.10 in 2022 second quarter. Net operating income yielded annualized rates of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders' equity of 1.44% and 17.89% in the recent quarter. The comparable returns were 1.16% and 14.41% in the second quarter of 2022. In accordance with the SEC's guidelines, this morning's press release contains a reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results, including tangible assets and equity. Next, we'll look a little deeper into the underlying trends that generated these results. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $1.69 billion in the third quarter of 2022, an increase of $268 million or 19% from the linked quarter. The increase was driven largely by approximately $250 million of impact from higher rates on interest-earning assets, inclusive of the effect of interest rate hedges. Also an $8 million increase from one additional day in the quarter and a $6 million increase in interest received on non-accrual loans. The net interest margin for the past quarter was 3.68%, up 67 basis points from 3.01% in the linked quarter. The primary driver of the increase to the margin was higher rates, which we estimate boosted the margin by 55 basis points. In addition, the margin benefited from a reduced level of cash held on deposit with the Federal Reserve which we estimate added 10 basis points. All other factors added two basis points to the margin. Next, let's discuss the average loan balance trends during the quarter where you'll be able to see the progress we continue to make transitioning to a more capital-efficient balance sheet. Average loans and leases were $127.5 billion during the third quarter of 2022. The essentially unchanged with the linked quarter. Looking at the loans by category, on an average basis, compared with the second quarter, commercial and industrial loans and leases increased $504 million or 1% to $38.3 billion, with $458 million or 2% growth largely coming from core commercial banking clients and $353 million or 17% growth in average dealer floor plan balances. This growth was partially offset by a decrease of approximately $304 million in PPP loans. Excluding PPP loans, total average C&I loans and leases grew by $808 million or 2% quarter-over-quarter. PPP loans ended the third quarter at only $168 million and are not expected to have a material impact on loan growth going forward. With the People's United acquisition, we have two new business lines that impact our balance sheet. Growth in average equipment financing continues to be solid, growing $165 million or 3% sequentially. However, this growth was offset by a $171 million or 13% decline in average mortgage warehouse line usage.  During the third quarter, average commercial real estate loans decreased by $946 million or 2% to $46.3 billion. Permanent commercial mortgages and construction loans equally contributed to the decrease. Our construction exposure continues to decline as projects reach completion and the decline in the permanent commercial mortgages is due in part to converting some of these loans into off-balance sheet financing facilitated by our M&T Realty Capital Corporation subsidiary. Residential real estate loans increased $201 million or about 1% to $23 billion, due to the continued retention of new originations that we hold on the balance sheet for investment, partially offset by normal amortization. Average consumer loans were up $167 million or about 1% to $20 billion. Recreational finance loan growth continues to be the main driver of growth. These average loans grew by $303 million or 4%. That growth was partially offset by a $236 million or 5% decline in average auto loans. Average earning assets, excluding interest-bearing cash balances, which is inclusive of cash on deposit at the Federal Reserve increased $1.5 billion or 1% and due largely to the $1.6 billion increase in average investment securities. During the quarter, we completed various balance sheet restructuring actions to optimize the funding base of the combined bank. These actions utilize some of the excess cash available and resulted in a decrease in deposits. We expect cash balances to remain relatively stable into the end of this year. Average interest-bearing cash balances decreased by $8.9 billion to $30.8 billion during the third quarter of this year, due largely to the decline in deposit balances and the cash deployed to purchase investment securities. Average deposits decreased by $7.4 billion or 4% compared with the second quarter. The decline in deposits reflect the impact of market conditions and planned balance sheet management actions. Some of these, include; a $1 billion decline in escrow and mortgage warehouse related deposits, reflecting lower levels of activity associated with the rising rate environment. $600 million reduction in trust demand deposits resulting from lower levels of capital markets activity compared with the second quarter; there was a $1 billion planned reduction in non-core high-cost deposits; and a $1.6 billion reduction in municipal average balances as customers pay down lines and shifted to paying off some higher-yielding higher balance products. $1 billion in commercial mortgages was a reduction of $1 billion in commercial balances as customers move to off-balance sheet sweep as well as a reduction in line utilization. And $2 billion in lower time deposit balances and other rate-sensitive products. Customer operating account balances have stabilized. Average non-interest-bearing deposit balances declined 2% during the third quarter of this year. However, these deposit balances grew by $648 million or 1% on an end-of-period basis. Turning to non-interest income. Non-interest income totaled $563 million in the third quarter compared with $571 million in the linked quarter. Mortgage banking revenues were $83 million in the recent quarter, unchanged from the linked quarter. Revenues from our residential mortgage business were $55 million in the third quarter compared to $50 million in the prior quarter. Residential mortgage loans originated for sale were $47 million in the recent quarter compared with $77 million in the second quarter. Both figures reflect our decision to retain a substantial majority of the mortgage originations for investment on our balance sheet. Commercial mortgage banking revenues were $28 million in the third quarter compared with $33 million in the linked quarter, that figure was $50 million in the year ago quarter. Trust income was $187 million in the recent quarter, down 2% from $190 million in the second quarter. The decrease was due largely to the impact of lower market valuations on assets under management and assets under administration. In addition, recall that the second quarter included $4 million in tax preparation fees, which did not recur in the recent quarter. These declines were partially offset by an incremental $5 million and recapture of money market fee waivers. These fee waivers are now fully recaptured. Service charges on deposit accounts were $115 million compared with $124 million in the second quarter. The decline primarily reflects the waiver of service charges in September on acquired customer deposit accounts. Turning to expenses. Operating expenses for the third quarter, which exclude the amortization of intangible assets and merger-related expenses were $1.21 billion compared to $1.16 billion in the linked quarter. The increase was due largely to higher salary and benefit costs resulting from one additional business day and the investment in talent that -- in an investment in our talent that affected approximately half of our organization as well as increased incentive accruals tied to improved bank performance.  We also saw an increase in FDIC insurance expense, reflecting the impact of acquired loans deemed to be criticized. The efficiency ratio, which excludes intangible amortization and merger-related expenses from the numerator and securities gains or losses from the denominator was 53.6% in the recent quarter compared with 58.3% in 2022 second quarter and 57.7% in the third quarter of last year. Next, let's turn to credit. Despite the supply chain disruptions, labor shortages and persistent inflation, credit remained stable. The allowance for credit losses amounted to $1.88 billion at the end of the third quarter, up $52 million from the end of the linked quarter. In the third quarter, we recorded a $115 million provision for credit losses compared to $60 million in the second quarter. Note that this amount in the second quarter excludes the $242 million so-called CECL double count provision related to the non-purchase credit deteriorated acquired loans. Net charge-offs were $63 million in the third quarter, compared to $50 million in this year's second quarter. The reserve build was largely due to changes in economic assumptions included in our reserve methodology as well as growth in our consumer portfolios. As forward interest rate curves were adjusted to reflect the rising interest rate environment, the baseline macroeconomic forecast experienced a deterioration in the third quarter for those indicators that our reserve methodology is most sensitive to, including unemployment rate, GDP growth and residential and commercial real estate values. Non-accrual loans decreased to $2.4 billion, compared to $2.6 billion sequentially. At the end of the third quarter, non-accrual loans represented 1.9% of loans outstanding, down from 2.1% at the end of the linked quarter. As noted, net charge-offs for the recent quarter amounted to $63 million. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were 20 basis points for the third quarter, compared to 16 basis points in the second quarter. Loans 90 days past due, on which we continue to accrue interest, were $477 million at the end of the recent quarter, down from $524 million sequentially. In total, 89% of those 90-day past due loans were guaranteed by government-related entities. Turning to capital. M&T's common equity Tier 1 ratio was an estimated 10.7% compared with 10.9% at the end of the second quarter. The decrease was due largely to the impact of the repurchase of $600 million in common shares, which represented 2% of outstanding stock. Reflecting the common share repurchases, tangible common equity totaled $14.6 billion, a decrease of 3% from the end of the prior quarter. Tangible common equity per share amounted to $84.28 down $1.50 or 2% from the end of the second quarter. Now, turning to the outlook. With three quarters in the books, we'll focus on the outlook for the fourth quarter relative to this year's third quarter. First, let's take a look at the outlook for the balance sheet. We continue to expect to grow the investment securities portfolio by $2 billion in the final quarter of this year. Keep in mind, this cadence could accelerate or slow depending on market conditions and customer loan demand. Turning to the outlook for average loans. We expect average loan and lease balances to be largely in line with the third quarter average of $128 billion. We expect growth in average C&I, residential mortgage and consumer loans and anticipate a slight decline in average CRE balances sequentially. As we look to the income statement, we're excited about the continued growth in pre-tax pre-provision revenue in the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter net interest income is expected to be $1.9 billion, plus or minus $25 million. The variability in this guidance reflects the uncertainty of the speed of interest rate hikes by the Fed as well as the reactivity of deposit pricing and the deployment of excess liquidity and loan growth. Turning to our fee businesses, we expect fourth quarter fee income to be essentially flat compared to the third quarter. We anticipate operating expenses which exclude both merger-related costs and intangible amortization. We expect them to also be flat from the third quarter. We do expect a further realization of merger synergies to be reflected in a decline in the salary benefit line. However, we expect this decline to be offset by elevated professional services and advertising and promotion costs as we continue to work to integrate both franchises and to introduce M&T to our new markets. Turning to credit. We continue to expect credit losses to remain well below M&T's legacy long-term average of 33 basis points. For the fourth quarter, we estimate that net charge-offs for the combined company will be in the 20 basis point range. Our provision follows the CECL methodology, which is heavily dependent upon macroeconomic assumptions. Any change in our allowance for credit losses would be reflective of any changes in the economic outlook and their assumptions. Turning to capital. We believe the current level of core capital exceeds that needed to safely run the combined company and to support lending in our communities. We plan to return excess capital to shareholders at a measured pace. M&T's common equity Tier 1 ratio of 10.7% at September 30, 2022, comfortably exceeds the required regulatory minimum threshold, which takes into account our stress capital buffer, or SCB. We anticipate ending this year with a CET1 ratio slightly above the 10.5% range we have been targeting previously. With a solid starting CET1 ratio, and the potential to generate additional amounts of capital over the next years, we do not expect to change our capital distribution plans. We anticipate continuing to repurchase common shares at the pace of $600 million per quarter under our current capital plan. All right. Now let's open up the call to questions before which Gretchen will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Ebrahim Poonawala from Bank of America.
Ebrahim Poonawala: I guess just some…
Operator: I think you're on mute, sir.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Thank you. Good morning.
A – Darren King: Good morning.
Ebrahim Poonawala: I guess maybe just, Darren, talk about NII a little bit. Obviously, I think third quarter was a little shy of expectations, fourth quarter seems in line. As we think about the outlook from 4Q onwards, how do you see NII growing from there into 2023, given your outlook on the balance sheet, should we expect a steady lift higher given tailwind from rates and your view -- any question around.
A – Darren King: Sure. Let me kind of take those in sequence for -- and I'll go in reverse order. So for 2023, we'll come back in January with the full outlook. But obviously, where we expect to end the year at about $1.9 billion, we think is a good jumping-off point for thinking about 2023. When we look at the third quarter and where we ended up versus where we might have anticipated, the difference is really in the cash balances. And as we've been looking forward for 2022, we've been talking about deploying that excess cash and managing down some of the high-cost funding. And it was our objective to get to basically the level that we're at, at the end of the third quarter, at the end of the fourth. And so the reason why the fourth quarter expectation is broadly in line with where we were before is because that's the cash level that we're at. And before we would have expected a little bit more cash on the balance sheet in the third quarter. And what I would say is when we look at what's been happening with our client base, and I think you see broadly across the industry is the third quarter was really a big inflection point for deposit movement in deposit betas. And that we saw a number of balances move into off-balance sheet or money market funds. And I think what we see going forward is, as we talked a little bit about Barclays that we start to see deposit betas move up a little bit. And so we'll still get some benefit from the rising rates. It might not be what we've seen in the prior quarters but should still be positive. And then as we get into 2023 we'll see where the outlook is. But part of what we've been working on is some of the balance sheet restructuring we've talked about to try and help protect those margins and lock them in. And you'll probably start to see the growth in net interest margin slow down. And so as we get into 2023, we'll be looking at the combined balance sheet and the various businesses that we have in there. It feels like we're getting to a point where for the balances that are tied to interest rates and fees that are tied to rates. Think about the two mortgage fee businesses as well as the mortgage warehouse lending business that we're getting towards bottom and that they should be at that level going forward. And then we'll continue to work on building our presence in the new geographies and taking advantage of our new organization. And so we'll get back to -- or not deposit loan growth levels that look more like our combined firms delivered pre-pandemic. But we'll come back with more specifics for you in the first -- in the January call.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Okay. Thank you and helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from Betsy Graseck from Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: Hi, good morning.
Darren King: Good morning, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: I wanted to understand how you're thinking about just the capital levels. I know you have a significant amount of excess capital. But in this environment, do you anticipate leaning into loan growth? And then maybe you could help us understand how you're going to be funding that loan growth, or would you be looking to do the opposite. I know you gave us the buyback amount, but does it make more sense to buy back more? And grow loans less? Just a little bit of that dynamic and how you're thinking about it would be helpful? Thanks.
Darren King: Yeah, sure. Happy to talk about that. The way we think about lending and always have at the bank is we're -- number one, we only can provide loans that are demanded by our customers. We can't create loan demand for them. And so we're always there for clients and our communities to support their investment needs. And as we work through that, we're always trying to find the right balance between making sure that we're providing capital that our clients need with earning a return on the capital that our shareholders have entrusted to us. And so we always start with returns. We look at those returns not just at each individual loan level, but across the whole relationship. And that is the governor that dictates the pace, at which we grow the combination of what returns look like and what demand there is in the marketplace. And so capital is really an outcome from thinking about it that way, meaning we will hold capital to be able to support clients and their growth, and that which we don't need to support lending. We'll look to return to the shareholder, typically through a combination of dividends and buybacks with a little bit of an emphasis on buybacks. The only thing that I think is a change that we've started to see this quarter that will all, I think, be cognizant of is the macroeconomic forecast got a little worse, which means the provision is up, but provision is capital by another name. And so we'll be thinking about the combination of what's sitting in the allowance and what our capital ratios are to make sure that we feel like the bank is well protected. But we're here to support growth in our communities, and anxious to be that provider of capital. And so, over a long period of time, it's kind of what happens with real GDP growth in the communities is generally the growth rate that you see. And so, that's kind of how we think about it and the trade-offs that we try to make, and we'll be back, as I said, with a little more color in January with how we feel about 2023.
Betsy Graseck: Right. That makes sense to hear how you're thinking about it. I'm just also wondering in this higher rate environment, higher inflation environment, does that tilt at all the decisioning? And part of the question comes from how we're fund, how you're thinking of funding the loan growth. It's obviously not just through capital, but also through either deposits or wholesale funds, et cetera. So, does that change the dynamic at all? Thanks.
Darren King: No. We kind of -- we try to think about both sides of the balance sheet on a match-funded basis. So we think about deposits on kind of what we could sell the math, so to speak, on a match-funded basis and lending on the same -- from the same perspective. When we look forward, one of the things that I think you're seeing in the industry, and you'll see with us as it relates to liquidity is starting to put in some longer-term funding on the balance sheet from a liquidity perspective. And so, we've talked about the balance sheet we had going back for the last probably three or four quarters, that we have way more cash than we think is efficient, and we've been working to put that to work and keep the deposit cost relatively low, which I think has been the case. And then as we go forward, as we continue building out the balance sheet, we'll have a different mix of cash and securities. But part of the funding will definitely be some wholesale funding in there. You could see this past quarter, we did $500 million at the holding company, and that was to replace some holding company financing that came with the Peoples merger. And then from a liquidity perspective, we'll look to add some other wholesale funding into the balance sheet over the course of the fourth quarter and into 2023 in all likelihood.
Betsy Graseck: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin from Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Thanks. Good morning. Darren, just a follow-up on the deposit side. You mentioned that we're just kind of starting to see that change in beta. So I was just wondering, if you can just talk about -- just update us on your thoughts around where betas go to incrementally from here? And also, any thoughts different in terms of where you expect them to go cumulatively over the cycle.
Darren King: Sure. I guess, as I mentioned, we're expecting to see a little bit of a ramp up in deposit betas. We expect it to be led largely in the commercial space, as well as in the wealth and institutional space, meaning the trust demand deposits. Those tend to be the most price sensitive and start to become priced off of Fed funds. And so, we've seen some movement there. As we look at what's on balance sheet sweep, what's off-balance sheet, I think we'll see some more pressure on balance sheet sweep, as well as just commercial checking pricing, which will move up the total cost of interest-bearing deposits. We're not seeing a huge pressure on consumer deposit accounts, either or now. We are starting to move a little bit and see some movement in the CD portfolio. And that you can see has been happening in the marketplace, again, not just for us but for others and so, we expect that the fourth quarter, we start to see an uptick, mainly in the interest-bearing space and checking driven by those categories that I talked about.  And we're probably looking at deposit betas in the quarter that maybe are 50% to 100% up from where they were in the last quarter, which I think will remind you the that's in the kind of the 10% range. And so, they'll pop up to the 20% to 30% range, which is still really low on a cumulative basis through the cycle, right?  And we fundamentally believe that the deposit pricing will catch up as the Fed slows down and that we should expect cumulative betas through the cycle that look like the last rising rate environment. It might take a little while to get there. But as we had talked about at Barclays that we fundamentally believe that margins will not stay above 4% for a long period of time. They might get there for a few quarters but over time, obviously, the market is efficient, and those betas will catch up.
Ken Usdin: Great. And that was going to be my follow-up, Darren, is that prior point you had made at Barclays just about, your line of sight in terms of how long into next year that you think the margin can continue to go up based on what we see in the forward curve right now. Can it continue to rise throughout next year?
Darren King: I think you probably, I think there's been a lot of talk that I've been reading the press about peak rates and peaks. I think you see a little bit more into next year. But I think it starts to peak in either the first or second quarter and come down a little bit.  But when you look at what the average is likely to be for 2023 versus 2022, it's going to be up and it probably exits the year at a pretty solid level. But it will start to work its way down as we go through 2023 and into 2024. But compared to where we've been for the last few years and really since the great financial crisis, it's nice to see some spread back in the business coming off of those zero Fed funds that we dealt with for so long.
Ken Usdin: Yes, absolutely. All right, thanks a lot, Darren.
Operator: The next question comes from Erika Najarian from UBS.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning. 
Darren King: Good morning, Erika.
Erika Najarian: My first question is just going back to the dynamics of the third quarter net interest income, you mentioned a smaller balance sheet from some of the rebalancing in deposits, but also I think your commercial real estate yields are probably less – had a lower beta than investors were expecting.  Could you maybe talk a little bit about how your hedge book had impacted that loan beta in the third quarter? How we should expect that hedge book to impact the loan beta in the fourth quarter and how your hedging strategy, I believe there's $10 billion in notional that set to expire at the end of first quarter. What's sort of the strategy and replacement from there?
Darren King: Sure. So a bunch of things in there to unpack, when we look at the CRE loans in particular, we've talked a lot in the past that those loans are generally the ones where the cash flow hedges are applied. The characteristics of those loans set them up best to get the right accounting treatment for the derivatives. And when you look at what has happened in the course of the year, we've started to rebuild the hedge book. We started in the first and second quarter as we saw -- excuse me some steepness in the curve. And so we started to put on some of those hedges, some spot and some forward starting. And what's happened is, in the short-term, from when we put those original hedges on as rates moved up faster than what those curves at the time were implying. And because the rates in the market moved up faster than what was in the forward curve when we put the hedges on, they're actually negative right now. And so they're impacting the margin on those commercial real estate loans in a negative way. And if we just look kind of quarter-over-quarter, the impact of the hedges moved about $45 million, where the hedges were a positive in the second quarter, and they became a negative in the third. And given the pace of increase from the Fed, that negative probably continues into the fourth quarter as well. Net-net, we're happy that the rates are moving up faster, because so much of the portfolio is, is tied to those rates and not hedged. And eventually, the curve that we locked in when we put the hedges on, it will catch up to where the Fed is and the negative impact will start to go away. But that's kind of really what's going on there with those commercial real estate margins in the portfolio. And if you look at the hedging and the hedges that are out there, we expect the notional amount that's actually in place to decrease as we go into the first quarter. The fourth quarter will be down a little bit from around $21 billion to about $17 billion of notional. And that will step down to the $10 billion range through 2023. That's based on what we have today, as we're watching what's going on in the world with the Fed and the forward curves. We may well put on some additional spot and forward starting as we go through the fourth quarter and go through next year. But based on what's on the books today, that's kind of how things look.
Erika Najarian: Got it. My follow-up question is sort of a two-parter. Number one, just confirming the received fixed rate on the remaining book is about 1.3%. And the second question is, as a follow-up to Ken, there was a lot of debate in the marketplace in terms of what you meant about NIM peaking at four then going back down. So I wanted to sort of clarify that. If I assume that earning assets are flat in the fourth quarter versus third quarter that will get me to a NIM of about four and 415 to get to $1.9 billion. And so if we think about, the forward curve, with the implication that the Fed stops, raising rates in February. Are you saying to us that I think we all understand that if the Fed stops in February, then margin will peak in first quarter, second quarter and then go down. And in that case, do we have some NIM expansion in the first quarter? And then do we get back below four by year-end. I guess that's what we're trying to clarify do we get a three handle back in the NIM at some point in 2023?
Darren King: Right. So your thought process on the fourth quarter is pretty solid. That's kind of in the range of where we expect things to be. And so when we look into next year, we expect that we'll -- given the is increases that are being anticipated right now in the fourth quarter and the fact that betas are moving, but they're still not obviously 100%. We do expect to see, as you pointed out, some expansion into – into the fourth quarter and into early 2023. And really, I think the question and the thing that we've been trying to point out is that unless you go back to earlier than 2000, when Fed funds stayed above 6% for a long period of time. We haven't seen sustainably -- margin sustainably above 4%. And so I guess part of what we're trying to communicate is that we shouldn't -- we don't expect that to be the case at M&T. And we're not trying to set up the bank and our expense base and how we think about the bank and how we think about our capital levels assuming that 4% plus will live forever. Will it turn? We believe it will. What's the timing? It's sometime, I think, and we think, in 2023, like I said, is it the second quarter, third quarter. I don't know exactly where it goes. Some of that will depend on what the funding looks like at the bank, how quickly deposit betas move what have you. But it probably does start to reach its peak in 2023 and start to inch its way down. Does it go below four by the end of the year? It could but it's going to move back in that direction over the long term, probably not until 2024 and beyond would be my guess.
Erika Najarian: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Carcache from Wolfe Research.
Bill Carcache: Good morning. Darren, I wanted to ask if you could give us an update on your CRE exposure any concerns over potential downgrades across your different geographic regions? And any color you can give on conversations that you're having with customers, particularly on the office side?
Darren King: Yes, sure. So in CRE in general, we've seen an improvement in our criticized, mainly driven by continued improvements in the hotel space as well as retail. When we look at retail, I think back in early 2020, the belief was that there would never be anyone shopping in a store, again, it would all be online. And lo and behold, here we are back to the similar mix of online and in-person sales. And so as that has happened, rents have been paid on a steady basis. And so the cash flows for the landlords of retail customers have improved, and we've seen improvement in those – those real estate assets, similar experience in hotel. There has been a lot of capacity that's come out of the system. But overall, hotel performance is very strong, and we continue to see improvements in that sector. The places that we've got our eye on are twofold. One is in healthcare. And when we look at independent living and assisted living, those places are having some challenges with staffing. It's obviously well documented the challenges in staffing in the industry in general and those in particular. And so in the short term, they've been doing in discussions with our clients there. They're having to use agencies to help with some of the staffing. And so that's increasing the cost in the short term, which is challenging their debt service coverage. But we're still looking at the portfolio, we feel really good about the LTVs. And so, so far, not seeing a lot in loss content. And we have seen some continuing increases in occupancy rates there. So I would describe it as stabilizing some positive trends and some that are a little concerning. But overall, we're feeling okay about that portfolio. And office is really the key place where, as you point out, folks are focused now. And we're still watching to see what's happening with return to office and the mix of kind of full-time remote -- full time in the office and hybrid situations. And so we are seeing leases being renegotiated, but not eliminated. There's some a little bit of pricing pressure there. But when we look at our portfolio in particular, we see that much of our exposure really sits in 2024 and beyond. The percentage of our portfolio has lease expirations in 2022 and 2023 is really about 15% of the portfolio and 80% of the portfolio plus would have an expiration date on the leases 2024 plus. And so we're obviously actively engaged with those clients. to understand what's going on and understand the likelihood of renewals, what the occupancy rates are, how stable the rents are per square foot and therefore, obviously, the debt service coverage and so their ability to cash flow.  But while we've seen some decrease in asset values in office, we haven't seen them come down anywhere near where our current LTV sit. And so it's a portfolio that we've got our eye on. I wouldn't call it anything more than the normal lens you would expect where it's where some of the challenge has shifted over time, and we're actively engaged with the clients to make sure that we're working with them to keep them in business.
Bill Carcache: That's very helpful. And following up on the sequential increase in the reserve rate due to modestly less optimistic macro forecast. Can you give a little bit more color on how your baseline compares versus your other scenarios, how you're weighting them and where you'd expect -- or where we should expect the reserve rate to sort of settle your fund employment were to go to, say, the 5%, 5.5% range?
Darren King: So when we wait the scenarios, the baseline is the bulk of the weight. We consider a worse economic situation as well as a better one. And depending on where we are in the cycle, we kind of weight them differently. So if things are good, the likelihood that they get better, we would feel is less. And so we put a little bit more weight on the downside. The reverse would be true. If you look at what happened this quarter and the change this quarter. There were two things that drove the $52-odd million addition. And about one-third of it was just because of the change in mix on our balance sheet and where the growth came from. We had a little bit more growth in the consumer portfolios. The consumer portfolios tend to be longer dated. And so with the CECL methodology, the amount that you put aside is more for longer-dated assets. And so, that drove about a-third of the increase. And then, the other two-thirds was really just a function of the changes in the macroeconomic assumptions. And so, just to give you a sense, I don't think it's linear. But the biggest driver was an increase in the unemployment rate in our macroeconomic assumption from 3.6% to 4%. And so, 40 basis points added, call it, $50 million. I don't think it's linear. But if you did that math, you kind of go up by 2.5 times to get to 5%. So maybe you add another $200 million -- or sorry, $150 million, if it goes that high, right? And so, it also depends on what's the mix of the portfolio, right? And so, there's a bunch of factors to keep in mind. That's one of the biggest drivers, but you've got GDP in there. You've got asset values both for mortgages, for consumers, as well as for commercial real estate. And so, there's a number of things at play. But, obviously, the model is sensitive to changes in those factors and unemployment is one of the key ones.
Bill Carcache: Well, it’s a complex topic, but that’s very clear -- very clear explanation. Thanks. Appreciate you taking my questions.
Operator: The next question comes from Gerard Cassidy from RBC Capital.
Gerard Cassidy: Hi, Darren.
Darren King: Good morning, Gerard. How are you?
Gerard Cassidy: Good. A couple of questions for you. First, coming back to your thinking on the net interest margin and you made reference to pre-2000 where the Fed funds rate was 6% for an extended period of time, which kept the margin over 4%. Is the Fed chooses a terminal rate of 5%, let's say, but stays there well into the middle of 2024, let's say. So they get there in the spring of 2023, they don't touch it for 12 to 18 months. Can you give us your thoughts after the trickle down from maybe over 4%, does the margin then stabilize, I'm not going to put you on the spot and say 390, 370, but the thinking is what I'm more interested in.
Darren King: Sure. Well, I feel like you're putting me on the spot, Gerard, but that's okay, I’ve never shied away from being on the spot. So to have some margin it helps to have a higher Fed funds, right? Because so much of the asset book prices off of LIBOR, well, not anymore, so for MTB, which is very, very highly correlated to Fed funds. And so, once you've got a spread over the reference rate, really so from a loan perspective, what -- how is competition and what's the spread over the reference rate? And so that kind of affects the yield on the asset side. And on the deposit side, it's really two-fold. One is, what's your loan-to-deposit ratio, right? And so there's still a lot of liquidity in the system and loan-to-deposit ratios are low, which takes off a little bit of pressure on deposit pricing. The other thing that's happened a lot in the last few years, particularly in retail banking, there's just been a change in how customer pricing works and the mix of fees versus spread. And so, what I think you see a little bit in the industry is, as fees have come down. Think about maintenance fees, think about overdraft fees, think about other service fees that have come down and been competed away. I think that starts to put a little pressure on how fast and how high rates might go on -- at least on the new accounts and savings accounts. I think time deposits are generally viewed as almost a discretionary asset in the industry. Our view on it is we need to provide a great checking account experience that it's all about transactions and convenience. And that core operating account, whether it's a consumer, whether it's a small business, whether it's a commercial customer, that's the core of your bank and your funding base, and then you make decisions about some of the other interest-sensitive products based on that. And when you've got that core funding base, it gives you the ability to price those other rate-sensitive products a little bit differently. And we try to make sure that we're giving a fair rate to our clients and manage the overall relationship profitability. But one of the definite benefits in the margin, in general, is what the mix of deposits is and that core funding base is a critical element and a big part of M&T. And so, when you look across the industry, what's a normalized industry margin, it's going to matter a lot what your funding mix is and what percentage of core deposits funded. But, I guess coming back to the point that's got a lot of attention, obviously, is that we're just in a place where we haven't been for a long time in terms of the margin and in terms of Fed funds. And it seemed like, if the industry in general was getting a little euphoric that things were just going to keep going up and up, and that's just not the case. We know that, especially folks like us or you, Gerard, have been around for a long time, the sage old veteran that, that doesn't happen in competition as pressures the margins and things normalize.
Gerard Cassidy: Flattery will get everywhere with me. And then second, as a follow-up, Darren, can you give us an update on just how the People's deal is moving along? And if you don't mind, can you update us on just the trend line of the one-time charges and then cost savings. And then as part of that cost, the one-time charges, I happened to receive in my mailbox last night since you guys new to this territory, an enticement to open up an account, they would pay me, I don't know, $450, I guess it was. But, is that an ongoing marketing expense that you talked about, or is that part of your one-time charges?
Darren King: Sure. So Gerard, you're a very special prospect. So, $450 we only get to our most important prospects.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you.
Darren King: Yeah. Okay. You cut my sarcasm. So, a bunch of things in there. As we're progressing along with the integration, obviously, we completed the system conversion over Labor Day and have spent September stabilizing things. And stabilizing when I say that, is really working through with all of the clients to make sure that they have access that they understand how the tools work and they're able to perform the basic functions that they look for on a Tape Day basis. And whenever you go through a massive change like this, there's always some things where there's some confusion. But overall, we feel really good about how things have gone. We convert nearly a million customers. And while there have been some hiccups, the complaints have been less than 1%. Even with that, we're not happy until everyone has the access that they're looking for. And we've been working with those clients on a one-on-one basis to solve their individual issues. And so, from a one-time perspective, really, when we look at the marketing, we would think of marketing expense as a one-time pretty much in the month of the conversion. And then beyond that, we would think about it as operating expense. And so when you look at those cash bonus incentives, those become part of marketing expense on an ongoing basis. And when we talked about what we'll do in the fourth quarter, obviously, we'll ramp up a little bit what we're spending on marketing, including some of those promos to introduce ourselves to those folks like you who don't know us as well in the markets and then to our existing clients to hopefully reconfirm their purchase decision to stay with us and as well to entice them to think about other products that M&T can provide because we think our product set is very competitive as well as our pricing. And so you'll see some of that. And then the other thing was just be some lingering effects of stabilizing the systems or completing some of the conversions. I shouldn't say stabilize in the systems. The systems are fine. They've actually worked completely exactly as expected. It's more stabilizing the expectations of folks and doing some little cleanup that will linger into the fourth quarter. But when you look, what you'll start to see is you will see the impact of the acquisition and the salary and benefit line. And so we always have some dislocations at the time we closed the deal. And then we have dislocation starting after the system conversion. And those are typically the conversion date plus 30 days, 60, or 90. And so those folks, there's no change in those decisions. In fact, if there's any change, some people have elected to stay when they were originally going to be where we're going to separate. But overall, the expectation of decline is in line with what we thought it would be and that will start to show up in the salary and benefit line in the fourth quarter.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. Thank you so much.
Darren King: Thanks Gerard. We look forward to you being a customer.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay.
Operator: We have reached our allotted time. I will now turn the call back over to Brian Klock for closing remarks.
End of Q&A:
Brian Klock: Again, thank you all for participating today. And the Investor Relations group will reach out for those that are still in the queue. And as always, if any clarification of any items on the call or in the news release is necessary, feel free to contact Investor Relations Department at area code 716-842-5138. Thank you and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-20 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the M&T Bank Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Brian Klock, Head of Markets and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Brian Klock: Thank you, Gretchen, and good morning. I’d like to thank everyone for participating in M&T’s second quarter 2022 earnings conference call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website, www.mtb.com and by clicking on the Investor Relations link and then on the Events and Presentations link. Also, before we start, I’d like to mention that today’s presentation may contain forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information as well as reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures are included in today’s earnings release materials as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. These materials are all available on our Investor Relations webpage and we encourage participants to refer to them for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and risk factors. These statements speak only as of the date made and M&T undertakes no obligation to update them. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Darren King.
Darren King: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. As we reflect on the past quarter and the first half of the year, we are very pleased with our progress. The second quarter results include the impact of the People’s United Financial acquisition, which closed on April 1. We are excited about the momentum we have as a combined organization, especially the progress both franchises are making in preparation for the planned systems conversion later this quarter. With strong NII growth and effective expense management, M&T generated positive operating leverage, as pre-tax pre-provision net revenue increased by more than $300 million versus last quarter. We repurchased $600 million of our common stock in the second quarter. And yesterday, the Board of Directors authorized a new program to repurchase up to $3 billion in M&T common stock. Our balance sheet management enabled us to benefit from the changing interest rate environment, boosting the net interest margin and allowing us to deploy excess cash into investment securities with higher yields. With more Fed hikes projected this year, we continue to add more fixed rate assets to our balance sheet and to continue expanding our interest rate hedging program. While we are just beginning to see the positive net interest income benefit from rising rates, those same higher rates have prompted headwinds in our mortgage banking business, both for origination volumes and for gain-on-sale margins. We expect these headwinds to persist. Despite the macro challenges, the unemployment rate remains low and credit quality remains strong. We are well positioned for the future and excited to continue the integration of the People’s United franchise and to deploying our excess cash and excess capital. Now, let’s review the results for the quarter. Diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $1.08 for the second quarter of 2022 compared with $2.62 in the first quarter of 2022. Net income for the quarter was $218 million compared with $362 million in the linked quarter. On a GAAP basis, M&T’s second quarter results produced an annualized rate of return on average assets of 0.42% and an annualized return on average common equity of 3.21%. This compares with rates of 0.97% and 8.55% respectively in the previous quarter. Included in GAAP results in the recent quarter were after-tax expenses from the amortization of intangible assets amounting to $14 million or $0.08 per common share. That compares to $1 million or $0.01 per common share in the prior quarter. Pre-tax merger-related expenses of $465 million related to the People’s United acquisition were also included in these GAAP results. These merger-related expenses are comprised of the so-called CECL Day 2 double count of $242 million plus additional pre-tax merger-related expenses of $223 million. The total merger-related charges translate to $346 million after-tax or $1.94 per common share. Consistent with our long-term practice, M&T provides supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis, from which we only ever exclude the after-tax effect of amortization of intangible assets as well as any gains or expenses associated with mergers and acquisitions. M&T’s net operating income for the second quarter, which excludes intangible amortization and the merger-related expenses, was $578 million compared with $376 million in the linked quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $3.10 for the recent quarter compared with $2.73 in 2022’s first quarter. Net operating income yielded annualized rates of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders’ equity of 1.16% and 14.41% for the recent quarter. The comparable returns were 1.04% and 12.44% in the first quarter of 2022. In accordance with the SEC’s guidelines, this morning’s press release contains a reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results, including tangible assets and equity. As a reminder included in the first quarter’s GAAP and net operating results was a $30 million distribution from our investment in Bayview Lending Group. This amounted to $23 million after-tax effect and $0.17 per common share. We did not receive any distributions in this year’s second quarter. Next, let’s take a little deeper dive into the underlying trends that generated these results. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $1.42 billion in the second quarter of 2022, an increase of $515 million or 57% from the linked quarter. The linked quarter increase was due largely to the $420 million net interest income contribution from People’s United. This amount included $35 million for purchase accounting accretion. The legacy M&T Bank net interest income increased $95 million sequentially, inclusive of the $138 million impact from higher rates on interest-earning assets, an $8 million increase from 1 additional day in the quarter, partially offset by a $22 million decline and the benefit from cash flow swaps and a $16 million decrease in interest received on non-accrual loans and a $9 million decline in interest income and fees related to PPP loans. Net interest margin for the past quarter was 3.01%, up 36 basis points from 2.65% in the linked quarter. The primary driver of the increase to the margin was from higher interest rates, which we estimate boosted the margin by 26 basis points. The People’s United Earning asset yields added 8 basis points to the net interest margin. And in addition, margin benefited from a reduced level of cash held on deposit with the Federal Reserve, which we estimate added 7 basis points. These items were partially offset by a 6 basis point decline resulting from the lower interest income recovered on non-accrual loans. All other factors, including the day count, had a negligible impact on the margin. Before we discuss the average loan balance trends for the quarter, we note there were reclassifications within the People’s United commercial loan portfolios. In order to be more consistent with M&T’s reporting methodology, just over $2 billion in loans that People’s United had classified as C&I were reclassified into CRE loans. Compared with the first quarter of 2022, average loans outstanding increased by $35.4 billion or 38% due primarily to the $35.5 billion average impact of the People’s United loans. Looking at loans by category, on an average basis compared with the linked quarter, commercial and industrial loans increased by $14.5 billion or about 62%. The average impact from the acquired People’s United loans was $13.8 billion. Legacy M&T C&I average loans increased by about $1.2 billion, with strong growth in middle-market C&I loans and average dealer floor plan balance growth of $209 million. This growth was partially offset by a decrease of approximately $466 million in PPP loans. On an end-of-period basis, for the combined bank, PPP loans amounted to $351 million. Average commercial real estate loans increased by $12.3 billion or 35% compared with the first quarter. The average impact from the acquired People’s United loans, was $13.1 billion. Legacy M&T CRE average balances declined $830 million during the second quarter due to almost equal reductions in construction and permanent loans. We continue to reduce our construction exposure as there is a lack of new activity to offset the conversion of construction loans into permanent mortgages. There was an uptick in permanent mortgage financing in the quarter. However, it was outpaced by an elevated level of pay-downs. Residential real estate loans increased by $6.9 billion or 43% due almost entirely to the average impact of the People’s United loans. The legacy M&T average loan balances were essentially flat as the retention of new originations retained for investment, were offset by normal runoff, combined with the sale of Ginnie Mae buyouts that became eligible for re-pooling into new RMBS. Average consumer loans were up $1.8 billion or 10%, again due in large part to the $1.6 billion average impact from the People’s United loans. For legacy M&T, recreational finance loan growth continues to be a key driver of growth. Average investment securities increased by $14.7 billion due to the $11.2 billion average impact from the acquired People’s United securities and a $3.5 billion increase in legacy M&T investment securities. Average earning assets, excluding money market placements, which is inclusive of cash on deposit at the Federal Reserve increased $50 billion or 50% due largely to the $46.7 billion average impact of People’s United and growth in legacy M&T average investment securities. After closing the acquisition, we implemented various balance sheet restructuring actions to optimize the funding base of the combined bank. These actions utilize some of the cash available and resulted in a decrease in deposits. Many of these actions occurred during the quarter, so we thought it will be more informative to look at the change in end-of-period cash balances. Cash balances decreased by $11.8 billion to $33.4 billion at the end of June, down from just over $45.2 billion on April 1. The decline was the result of several factors. These include a $2 billion increase in investment securities, a $1.5 billion restructuring of some People’s United high cost deposits, notably broker deposits, a $3 billion decline in escrow and mortgage warehouse related deposits, reflecting lower levels of activity associated with the rising rate environment, a $500 million reduction in trust demand deposits resulting from lower levels of capital market activity compared with the first quarter, and a $2 billion drop in municipal deposits. We continue to actively manage higher cost deposits and in many cases, retaining the customer and are able to move their balances to an off-balance sheet alternative that provides the interest rate they desire. With that background, average core customer deposits, which excludes CDs over $250,000 increased by $45 billion or 36% compared with the first quarter. The average impact from the People’s United deposits, was about $49 billion. Turning to non-interest income, non-interest income totaled $571 million in the second quarter compared with $541 million in the linked quarter. The People’s United non-interest income contributed $79 million, while legacy M&T declined by $49 million. As noted, M&T received a $30 million distribution from Bayview Lending Group in the first quarter and did not receive any distribution in the second quarter of this year. Mortgage banking revenues were $83 million in the recent quarter compared with $109 million in the linked quarter. Revenues from our residential mortgage business were $50 million in the second quarter compared with $76 million in the prior quarter. Residential loans originated for sale were $77 million in the recent quarter compared with $161 million in the first quarter. Both figures reflect our decision to retain a substantial majority of our mortgage originations for investment on our balance sheet. The primary driver of the linked quarter decline in revenue is the higher interest rate environment, which has pressured gain-on-sale margins for loans previously purchased from Ginnie Mae servicing pools and which became eligible for resale or repooling. With the rapid increase in yields for new mortgage originations over the past few months, these Ginnie Mae repooled loans have fallen below new origination yields, which has driven the negative gain on sale margin. During the quarter, residential mortgage loans were sold at a loss of $17 million compared to a $14 million gain on sale in the prior quarter. Commercial mortgage banking revenues were $33 million in the second quarter, essentially unchanged from the linked quarter, that figure was $35 million in the year ago quarter. Trust income was $190 million in the recent quarter and included about $14 million in income from People’s United. Legacy M&T trust income increased about 4% due largely to about $10 million from the recapture of money market fee waivers and $4 million in seasonal tax preparation fees, partially offset by the impact of lower market valuations on assets under management and administration. Service fees on deposit accounts were $124 million compared with $102 million in the first quarter. People’s United contributed $33 million to this fee income line during the quarter. The decline in legacy M&T service charges primarily reflects the previously announced repricing of our consumer checking products. We expect foregone revenues from the program to reach a run-rate of $15 million per quarter during the second half of the year. Operating expenses for the second quarter, which exclude the amortization of intangible assets and merger-related expenses, were $1.16 billion and included about $259 million in expenses from the operations of People’s United. Legacy M&T operating expenses were about $903 million compared to $941 million in the linked quarter and $859 million in the year ago quarter. Recall, operating expenses for the first quarter include approximately $74 million of seasonally higher compensation costs. Aside from those seasonal factors that flows through salaries and benefits, legacy M&T operating expenses increased by $36 million from the first quarter. This increase was due almost entirely to higher salaries and benefits costs resulting from 1 additional business day, a full quarter impact of merit increases and increased incentive accruals tied to improved bank performance. The efficiency ratio, which excludes intangible amortization and merger-related expenses from the numerator and securities gains or losses from the denominator, was 58.3% in the recent quarter compared with 64.9% in 2022’s first quarter and 58.4% in the second quarter of last year. Next, let’s turn to credit. Despite the lingering challenges of the pandemic and its variance, supply chain disruption, labor shortages and persistent inflation, credit is stable to improving. The allowance for credit losses amounted to $1.82 billion at the end of the second quarter, up $352 million from the end of the linked quarter. The increase was due largely to the impact of the allowance related to the acquired People’s United loan portfolio. We ran the acquired loan book through our allowance methodology and essentially confirmed their allowance at closing. Applying the provisions from the CECL accounting principle, we assigned $99 million of the People’s United allowance to purchase credit deteriorated, or PCD loans and $242 million to non-PCD loans. In addition, we recorded a $60 million provision in the second quarter. Partially offsetting these increases were net charge-offs of $50 million in the second quarter compared to just $7 million in this year’s first quarter. Economic indicators continue to show improvement from the prior period, but inflation remains at a historically high levels. Aside from movements in forward interest rate curves, the second quarter’s baseline macroeconomic forecast was relatively unchanged from the prior quarter for those indicators that have a significant impact on our CECL modeling results, including the unemployment rate, GDP growth and residential and commercial real estate values. Non-accrual loans increased to $2.6 billion compared to $2.1 billion sequentially. The increase was entirely the result of the acquired People’s United loan portfolio as non-accrual loans at legacy M&T decreased sequentially. At the end of the second quarter, non-accrual loans represented 2.1% of loans, down from 2.3% at the end of the linked quarter. When we file our second quarter 10-Q in a few weeks, we expect to report an increase in criticized loans. However, the percentage of loans recognized as criticized will decrease. Similar to the trends in the non-accrual portfolio, the increase in the dollar amount of criticized loans is due entirely to the acquired People’s United portfolio. We expect a modest decline in criticized legacy M&T loans. As noted, charge-offs for the recent quarter amounted to $50 million. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were 16 basis points for the quarter compared to 3 basis points in the first quarter. Loans 90 days past due on which we continue to accrue interest were $524 million at the end of the quarter, down from $777 million sequentially. In total, 89% of these 90 days past due loans were guaranteed by government-related entities. Turning to capital, M&T’s common equity Tier 1 ratio was an estimated 10.9% compared with 11.7% at the end of the first quarter. The decrease was largely due to the impact of the People’s United acquisition and the repurchase of $600 million in common shares, which represented 2% of our outstanding common stock. Tangible common equity totaled $15.3 billion, increased 33% from the end of the prior quarter due largely to the impact of the People’s United merger. Tangible common equity per share amounted to $85.78 per share, down $3.55 or 4% from the end of the first quarter. As previously noted, the Board of Directors authorized a new repurchase program for up to $3 billion of common stock, which replaces the previous $800 million repurchase program, under which $600 million of M&T shares were purchased in the second quarter. Now let’s turn to the outlook. Interest rate expectations continue to be volatile and can have a material impact on our outlook for full year 2022. Similar to last quarter, the outlook that follows reflects the combined balance sheet with three quarters of operations from People’s United as well as a more recent forward curve and is on a full year basis. First, let’s talk about our outlook for the balance sheet. We continue to expect to grow the investment securities portfolio by $2 billion per quarter for the remainder of the year. However, that cadence could accelerate or slow depending on market conditions as well as customer loan demand. Now turning to the outlook for average loans, when compared to standalone M&T full year 2021 average loan balances of $97 billion, we continue to expect average loan growth for our combined franchise to be in the 24% to 26% range. However, growth may come in near the lower end of that range. Note that the updated average growth rates for C&I and CRE loans reflect the reclassification of C&I loans into CRE loans in the former People’s United loan book that we mentioned earlier. On a combined and full year average basis, we expect average C&I growth in the 37% to 39% range. We expect average CRE growth in the 17% to 19% range, average residential mortgage growth in the 28% to 30% range and average consumer loan growth in the 10% to 12% range. As we look at the combined income statement compared to stand-alone M&T operations from 2021, we believe we’re well positioned to benefit from higher rates and to manage through the macro challenges we noted earlier on this call. Our outlook for net interest income for the combined franchise is for 56% full year growth compared with the $3.8 billion in 2021. This reflects the forward yield curve from the beginning of the month. Given the speed of interest rate hikes by the Fed, the reactivity of deposit pricing and the deployment of excess liquidity and loan growth, the full year net interest income could be plus or minus 2%. Turning to the fee businesses. We still expect strong trust income growth driven by new business and the recapture of money market fee waivers but albeit lower than previous expectations as a result of the lower equity valuations from second quarter. In addition, higher interest rates are expected to continue to pressure mortgage originations and gain on sale margins. We have completed the sales of Ginnie Mae repooled mortgages, and we will continue with the retention of almost all originations for the rest of the year. With this in mind, we expect the gain on sale from residential mortgages to be minimal in the second half of the year. We, therefore, now expect non-interest income to grow in the 5% to 7% range for the full year compared to $2.2 billion in 2021. Next, our outlook for full year 2022 operating non-interest expense is impacted by the timing of the People’s United systems conversion and subsequent realization of expense synergies. We continue to anticipate 24% to 26% growth in combined operating non-interest expenses when compared to the $3.6 billion in 2021. However, expenses are likely to be near the higher end of the range, reflecting inflationary pressures on wages and improved bank performance. As a reminder, these operating non-interest expenses do not include pretax merger-related charges. We do not expect these charges to be materially different than our initial estimates. Turning to credit. We continue to expect credit losses to remain well below M&T’s long-term average of 33 basis points. For 2022, we conservatively estimate that net charge-offs for the combined company will be in the 20 basis point range. Finally, turning to capital. We believe the current level of core capital is higher than what is needed to safely run the combined organization and to support lending in our communities. We plan to return excess capital to shareholders at a measured pace. Late in June, the Federal Reserve released the results of its stress test, also known as the DFAST. Based on these DFAST results, M&T’s preliminary stress capital buffer, or SCB, is estimated at 4.7%. As a result, we will be subject to a 9.2% common equity Tier 1 ratio threshold under the SCB regulation, which is in effect from October 1, 2022, through September 30, 2023. M&T’s common equity Tier 1 ratio of 10.9% at June 30, comfortably exceeds the threshold, although which capital distributions could be limited by that regulation. We continue to anticipate ending 2022 with a CET1 ratio in the 10.5% range. With a solid capital – starting capital position and the potential to generate significant additional amounts of capital over the next few years, we don’t anticipate a material change to our capital distribution plans. Our objective, as always, is to bring our CET1 ratio down gradually to a level that is near the high end of the lower quartile of our peer group. We anticipate continuing to repurchase common shares under the new $3 billion repurchase program. Now let’s open up the call to questions before which Gretchen will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question we will take is Betsy Graseck from Morgan Stanley.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. This is Brian on for Betsy. I was wondering if you could give us an update on your rate sensitivity today now that we’re a little bit further into the rate hike cycle. And assuming that the current forward curve plays out, where do you expect that to trend over time? Thanks.
Darren King: Sure, Brian. As obviously, the Fed is hiking at a lot faster pace than one any of us anticipated when we started the quarter and started the year. When we look at the mix of deposits on our balance sheet and some of the actions that we’ve taken this quarter to move out of some high-cost funding, when we look at the next several hikes and think about what the impact of a 25 basis point increase might be, where we look more towards 7 to 10 basis points increase in net interest margin for each 25, that’s on an annualized basis. And net interest income growth in the $140 million to $190 million range. And looking at that, the kind of range of reactivities that we’ve sensitized is 15% to 35%. It’s kind of how we’re thinking about it and what we’re seeing, again, based on the mix of deposits on our portfolio.
Unidentified Analyst: That’s really helpful though and thank you. And in light of the changes you made some of your high-cost funding sources, I was wondering if you could just talk about your overall deposit growth expectations through year-end?
Darren King: Well, when you look at M&T and our funding, we have one of the higher, what I would call, core funding portfolios amongst our peers and amongst the banks. And so a significant portion is noninterest-bearing DDA as well as interest checking, which tend to be operational accounts. And so when we look at those accounts, whether it’s consumer, small business or commercial customers, we do expect that there will be some decline as people continue to spend given the rate of inflation. But so far, the decline we’ve been watching has been fairly gradual. We have seen some commercial customers use some of the excess cash to pay down loans. That’s part of when you see some of the loan declines. We’re seeing that offset by payoffs or by them using the cash. And really the place where you start to see the most price sensitivity in the short-term, tends to be, as we mentioned earlier, in the municipal deposit space as well as in the wealth customer space. And so we will expect to see some movement there. And typically, what happens, Brian, is there are some instances where the actual pricing goes up on interest checking or savings and money market, but generally, what happens first, particularly in the consumer space, is you start to see balances migrate towards time deposits. And so part of what we will see for us and we would expect for the industry is the migration towards time deposits, and that will be what kind of drives the overall beta for deposit costs. more so than any one particular category of deposits moving up in a rapid pace. And so just given the nature of our deposit base, we expect some decline, but we don’t expect it to be excessive from here, be – maybe in the 1% to 2% range, but really not that much.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Pancari, Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Darren King: Hi, John.
John Pancari: On the – just on the loan growth front, I appreciate the guide for the 24% to 26% on average total balances. Just want to see if you could maybe give a little color in terms of the trajectory of the commercial real estate portfolio. Is it fair to assume that declines are going to continue I know you kind of alluded to that. And would it be outright declines in the balances or just a shrinking in the overall mix, but you could actually see growth there? Thanks.
Darren King: So looking at commercial in aggregate, I think it’s important to look at the two in aggregate. We think they will be relatively close to flat. The growth in C&I ex PPP, will offset what’s likely to be a decline in CRE. And when we look at the CRE balances and what’s happening there, there is really two things going on. The first, which we’ve been talking about for a while is construction loans are on the decline. And so we had back in 2018 and 2019, some real growth in construction lines that over the course of 2020 and 2021 and 2022 have been drawn down as projects have been underway. You did see a little delay in the pandemic, but projects got back on track. And as those come to completion, they will follow their normal course where they will get converted into permanent mortgages and that often happens off of our balance sheet. And so we continue to expect some decline in construction balances. On the permanent side, as I mentioned, we have seen some payoffs from customers using cash. We haven’t been using their cash – their excess cash and declining their balances. The level of activity that you typically see in the CRE space continues to be low. With rates moving, it’s affecting cap rates and asset values. And so you’re starting – you’re not seeing the turnover in properties like you might have under normal circumstances. And that will affect the pace of decline and our growth in permanent CRE. And so what we saw this quarter, if I look at loan originations in the quarter across C&I and CRE, it was actually our best post-pandemic non-fourth quarter, lots of qualifiers there, increase in originations, which I thought was a very positive sign. And it was a little bit weighted towards the back end of the quarter. And so I guess, think about permanent mortgages, down slightly, construction mortgages down a little bit more over the course of the year, which probably takes in dollars maybe $1 billion down, call it, 1%, 1% to 2%, offset by growth in C&I.
John Pancari: Got it. Okay, thanks, Darren. And then separately, just on the buyback front, it was good to see the new $3 billion authorization. How should we think about the piece of buybacks here? Is it fair to assume a similar pace as what you saw in the second quarter of the $600 million? Or could you actually get some acceleration in the pace of repurchases in coming quarters?
Darren King: Yes, sure. Yes. The best way to think about it, John, is to think about that $600 million is a good pace. It could accelerate depending on how fast rates move and what’s happening with net interest income growth and capital generation. We’ve got one quarter to go through with some of the merger expenses coming through, which will affect capital. So we could move it up a little bit or down a little bit off that $600 million. But I think for purposes of looking forward, that’s a good pace to think about.
John Pancari: Great. All right, thanks, Darren.
Operator: We will take our next question from Ebrahim Poonawala from Bank of America.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Good morning.
Darren King: Good morning.
Ebrahim Poonawala: I guess, one, I wanted to follow-up on the NII guide for up 56%. Just wanted to make sure, given all the moving pieces around the balance sheet, we have this right? It implies exit fourth quarter run rate north of $1.9 billion. Just want to make sure, that sounds reasonable in terms of how we think about what the jumping off point is for 2023. And if you don’t mind reminding us how much of purchase accounting accretion do you expect in the back half and maybe if you have an updated number for next year as well?
Darren King: Sure. So to answer your first question, the $1.9 billion run rate at the end of the year is a good number to use. – obviously, I’ll caveat that and keep in mind that that’s based on the forward curve and lots of assumptions on – as we mentioned, about deposit betas, but I think that’s a reasonable number. And then the second question remind me again what that was. I’m sorry, I’m losing my mind already.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Just in terms of how much of purchase accounting accretion is there in the numbers for...
Darren King: Yes, purchase accounting. And the number that you saw in the second quarter that we talked about the $35 million is a good start point, I mean, obviously, over time that blends its way down. And so, as you think about 2023, think about four quarters of purchase accounting accretion versus three this year, but kind of the $30 million to $35 million a quarter run-rate is a good place to be there. 
Ebrahim Poonawala: Good. And I guess, just a separate follow-up on the CRE side as we think about obviously you have talked about in the past in terms of just thinking about how much to balance sheet versus not – and I think you had an announcement of some appointments within the CRE business a couple of days ago? I would love to hear your updated thoughts. One, coming out of the stress test, any surprises, anything that you think you would tweak as a function of the stress test? And then just where are we in terms of the evolution of the new strategy around CRE as you think about that business?
Darren King: Yes. I think the short answer is the path that we are on and our thought process around CRE hasn’t changed that we – when we look at I guess a couple of comments on the stress test. We were pleased to see the decline in loss rates from the pandemic stress test in CRE down to 11% from 16%. However, if you look at it even earlier stress test, they kind of averaged around 6% or 7% for CRE. So it’s still pretty elevated from that. And when we look at our own performance over time, in the CRE space, we can’t get anywhere near that number. And what’s really interesting is when you look over the last 2 years at the pandemic, that was pretty much a real live stress test on CRE without much support from the government and the losses there were pretty minimal. And so when we think about our underwriting, we’re really comfortable with the underwriting and we think about our experience in the space. We think we’ve got a really talented group of individuals that operate there and that we can use those skill sets to continue to support our customers and maybe use others balance sheets who are actually looking for the kind of skill sets that we have in underwriting. And so, there is a great match there where we can take advantage of our skill set. We can provide funding and capital for our customers and be there for them and maybe even offer them a broader range of alternatives and make it more capital efficient over time, where we can convert some of those loan balances and dollars into fee income, which will free up capital. And so the path that we’ve been on, we feel really good about it. As you noted, we’ve added some folks. We added some folks in what we call our innovation office. We’ve also added a couple of players in our CRE capital markets area of the bank. We probably hear a little bit more about that in the coming weeks. And we slowly start to build out the team and slowly increase the mix or the percentage that ends up on balance sheet and off. It’s still not quite at a point where you can see it in the noninterest income numbers, but that will build as we go through the rest of this year and into 2023. And so I guess, a long-winded way of saying no change in the strategy, but hopefully, some of that color helps give context to why we’re on the path that we’re on.
Ebrahim Poonawala: That’s helpful. Thank you for taking my questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt O’Connor from Deutsche Bank.
Matt O’Connor: Good morning. Sorry about that.
Darren King: Hi, Matt.
Matt O’Connor: Pretty explicit expense guidance this year and obviously, cost saves coming in over the next several quarters. As we think about next year and kind of just underlying expense growth, given some of the puts and takes with inflation and there is always some kind of expense component tied to credit, which might normalize a little bit. But just the bottom line is how do you think about kind of more medium-term underlying expense growth?
Darren King: Well, Matt, you’re way ahead of me. We’re still getting geared up to do our 2023 planning here. But once we get through – let’s start with 2022 and the path that we’re on. The guide that we gave was on a net operating basis, so it excludes the merger expenses and should start to give you an idea of what the run rate might look like as we exit 2022. What I would suggest to you is as we go through the system conversion this third quarter, that’s a key moment in some of the expense – the final pieces of expense reduction. And so there will be systems, contracts and decommissioning expenses that will go on, and those don’t happen immediately. Sometimes that takes a month or two months. There will be folks that we will retain from the acquired institution that, that can be systems conversion plus 30 days, plus 60 days, plus 90 days. And so some of the expense saves will bleed a little bit into the fourth quarter and maybe slightly into the first, but we should be getting towards the real run rate by the end of the first quarter should be pretty solid and it shouldn’t be much different from where we exit the fourth. Outside of that, when you get to our philosophy about expenses and the investments that we are making, our history has always been to pay close attention to the efficiency ratio and the expenses to make sure that the technology investments that we are making improved productivity, which provide an expense save. And historically, we have been in the kind of 2% to 3% growth rate in expenses on a normalized basis. It might be at the higher end of that because of inflation. Sometimes you can end up at the lower end of that if inflation is zero, but it’s not something where we expect to see mid-single digits numbers like we have seen over the last couple of years. I think there are some extenuating circumstances that led us there. But over the long run, that’s kind of how we expect to run the bank and we do it to achieve positive operating leverage over the long run. That’s our goal.
Matt O’Connor: That’s helpful. And then just following up on some of the capital questions, kind of longer term, how much buffer do you want over the regulatory minimum. I mean it’s pretty clear you are hoping to drive down the regulatory minimum over time. Obviously, ending this year at 10.5 is a big buffer. But what’s the thought on how much you would want to hold over the regulatory minimum? Thank you.
Rene Jones: Yes. Sure, Matt. I mean when we look at our capital targets, we take into account our own internal stress test analysis and losses under stress as well as the insight we get from the CCAR and the stress test. And the thing to keep in mind with the SCB is every 2 years that number can change. And so we have got to be careful about setting the place we want our capital ratio to be based on any 1 year’s test. The other part that I think is important to keep in mind, especially with the test of the last couple of years is how the Fed models take into account balance sheet size and what that does for expense growth in PPNR and operational risk. And so within that stress capital buffer, there is credit losses, and then there is these other factors that drive that up. And so those will also change as we go through time. And so you think about the work that we are doing to deploy the cash into securities, which will help in the next CCAR, the work we are doing on construction, lending balances and the impact that can have on loss rates in CRE as well as just the reduction in CRE. Many of the factors and things that we are focused on will – are intended to help reduce losses and PPNR negative impact in the stress test which should help bring that capital buffer down over time. And so the 10.5 that we talked about for this year is really as we enter into January of 2023 when we will go through the stress test, again, which normally that’s an off year for a Category 4 bank, but it will be the first year we go through on a combined basis. Now, we actually think the People’s portfolio is helpful to our losses under stress because their CRE portfolio is a little more skewed towards permanent mortgages, which tend to have a higher – or sorry, excuse me, a lower loss under stress – and so that we also think will be helpful for the SCB next year. And so we have always talked about operating at the low end of the peer range in the bottom quartile, the top end of the bottom quartile in terms of CET1 ratio. Given our underwriting history and our loss history, we expect to move in that direction. But we want to get through the end of this year and through that first test on a combined basis with some buffer and then continue to bring things down into the range that we talked about.
Matt O’Connor: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Gerard Cassidy from RBC Capital Markets.
Gerard Cassidy: Hi Darren.
Darren King: Good morning Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Sticking with capital for a minute, obviously, your stress capital buffer this year was extraordinarily high. It didn’t seem to be the right number compared to your risk in your organization. I hope it’s not any retribution to one of Bob’s letters back in 2016 in the annual report about the regulators. But anyway, aside from that, can you share with us what strategies you may try to implement to show the regulators next year when you go through the stress exam, as you just pointed out, how to bring that number down to a more reasonable level?
Darren King: Yes, sure, Gerard. I guess just starting with the test. Another thing to keep in mind is, I think the stress tests were put in place by the Fed at a very unique time in the history of the country and some challenges that the banks were having and was put in place to give people confidence in the system and it’s a good process. It’s never going to be perfect. And each year, the Fed stresses certain parts of the asset base based on what’s going on in the country. And the last couple of years, it’s been focused on commercial real estate. And so as an organization that has historically had a concentration in commercial real estate, when that’s the focus, the pain is felt a little disproportionately at banks like M&T. As I mentioned earlier, if we look at our history of underwriting and actual losses, we are very comfortable with the asset class, but it’s clear that we are going to – we can’t operate with the size of portfolio relative to the peers that we have in the past. And so that’s why we talk about the work we are doing to continue to support our customers, which is the most important thing that we are going to be there for them, but that we are going to think about different ways to do that. And so construction loans, our construction portfolio probably got a little big, and that will come down naturally as we have talked about. And then as we go forward, we will look to move towards a slightly better balance of C&I and consumer loans in addition to commercial real estate. And so that should help overall in the test, just because construction loans are one of the higher loss categories. The – what part of the portfolio could be stressed next year, it could be something else. It could be C&I or it could be mortgage and that will lead to a different outcome. The other thing, though, that I think is important to keep in mind is as quantitative tightening happens and deposits come out of the system, that’s going to reduce balance sheets, reduced balance sheets will reduce that expense growth that I mentioned earlier in the test and will reduce operational losses and those will also have the effect of reducing the size of the SCB. And for M&T in particular, keep in mind that when we went through the test this year, we had the highest level of cash on our balance sheet of anyone in the system and in the test, the cash value at the Fed when – because the test always drops Fed funds to zero, produces zero net interest income. And so you have the benefit of the earning assets driving the expense, but not the benefit of any income that comes with them. And so as we see those balances shrink and we start to invest a little bit more in securities and those fixed rate securities that will help generate a little bit more PPNR over the – through the test. And so all of these things are pieces of the puzzle and actions that we are taking to help improve that capital buffer and bring it down closer to where we all might expect it to be. And it will take time, but that’s – we are on a path. We have talked about the path we are on to bring down the capital ratios while maintaining an appropriate cushion to where the SCB suggests we need to be and we will continue to work on the balance sheet to help drive that SCB number down, which will continue to give us the opportunity to generate capital invested in growth in the franchise and if not, distribute it to shareholders in a friendly way.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. Thank you for thorough answer. As a follow-up question, on credit, obviously, your credit metrics on net charge-offs are through the cycle amongst the best, if not the best of the regionals, the equity markets seem to have discounted the bank stocks in anticipation of rising credit losses and problems coming from the tightening policies of the Fed. Can you share with us, are you guys seeing any evidence yet of early-stage delinquency starting to creep up in certain parts of your franchise or certain product types that there is some weakness they are developing, or is it no, it’s still clear – all clear and maybe it’s something next year that we have to anticipate?
Darren King: When we look at credit, if I look at the various portfolios, I start with the consumer portfolios. Consumer delinquency, whether it’s in mortgage, indirect auto, refi, credit card, home equity, Delinquency rates still are below pre-pandemic levels. And when I look at the M&T portfolio in particular, we have never been a place that does subprime and the percentage of near prime customers is also very low. And the last thing we see across all of those portfolios is LTVs are also at lows. With the increase in value of automobiles as well as home price inflation over the last couple of years, LTVs are very low. And so, so far not a lot of delinquency and good collateral coverage. And so nothing that we are seeing as signs in that – in those portfolios. Within the C&I and CRE space, it’s nuanced, and it’s a function of – in C&I what’s happening with input costs for C&I customers and how strong is their ability to pass on price increases to their end customer. And so we have seen some instances where we have moved some credits on to our watch list where input costs have risen faster than pricing. And that’s led to some decreases in debt service coverage. And so we have moved some people on to our watch list. Within the real estate portfolio, what’s interesting is it’s a bit of a remixing. And so we have seen a real strong improvement in hotel NOI. We are seeing people travel again. In fact and one of the things in our expenses, I could see our travel and entertainment expense was up as an organization. I think that’s a true statement for many organizations across the country, which is a positive sign for our urban hotel portfolio and we are seeing that in the numbers. And so as those get better, we are seeing some – still continue to see some challenges in the healthcare sector, which is I think about assisted living, acute care and elective surgery, there are still some lower occupancy levels. They are up off of the pandemic lows, but they are better. And office continues to be a watch for us. As people come back to the office. Again, when we look at our own staff, we are seeing more people in the office, but it’s not back to pre-pandemic levels. And I think that’s also true across the country. So, we are seeing no improved performance in retail and hotel within the real estate space and still some challenges in the healthcare and office space. And so not really a change in aggregate, but a shift in where our focus is. So, I wouldn’t give the all clear signal. That would be very unmet like. We are always worried and looking for where the next issue could be. But there is nothing that’s flashing red right now that says that there is a big crisis coming in the next several quarters.
Gerard Cassidy: And Darren, in the C&I portfolio, do you – is there much leverage finance? Obviously, spreads have widened in that category in particular?
Darren King: We have leveraged financing there, but it’s a small percentage of the portfolio. I think on a combined basis, it’s call it in the $2 billion of outstandings, maybe $3 billion of commitments, maybe $2.5 billion to $3.5 million in that space which given the size of the bank now, is a pretty small percentage of our total assets. And when we look at what the grading on those is still pretty strong even with rates where they are.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our next question from Erika Najarian from UBS.
Erika Najarian: Hi. Just one follow-up for me. Your – is actually a follow-up to the first question, you are expecting some declines. It sounds like in your four accounts given inflationary pressures. And what’s interesting is pretty much all of your peers have talked about growing deposits from second quarter levels. I guess a two-part question. Number one, how much more in surge deposits do you have left? I guess I am trying to figure out how conservative the underlying deposit growth assumptions are underneath that 56% dive for NII?
Darren King: Yes. I guess as you look through the deposit portfolio, I go back to the comments from before, the bulk of our deposit base are what we refer to as operational accounts. And so it’s where our business banking customers, our commercial customers and our consumers are running their daily lives from those accounts. There are surge balances in there. We are not seeing them run out really at a dramatic pace. The reason we kind of went through the painstaking task of explaining all the deposit changes was to get to this point that we are not seeing dramatic runoff in our core accounts. There is a challenge that we see for many of our consumers, where the pace of inflation is running faster than the pace of wage growth, but they still have lots of deposits from the various stimulus programs and things that happened during the crisis. And so we believe that those balances will come down, and – but they will come down gradually. And really, the question on deposit decline is for customers who have excess balances beyond what they can use, some will get deployed to pay down debt, like we talked about with some of our commercial customers using some cash to pay down loans. And then the other thing will be how many folks will look for a rate for excess balances and given our excess liquidity position relative to the peers, how much do we want to pay out and for what types of customers. And so what we tend to do is we look at the depth of the relationship. And then if you have a broader relationship with the bank, we would be willing to do more 40 on your loan pricing or on your deposit pricing. And if you are a single service time account looking for a rate given the excess liquidity, we probably won’t match some of the rates that are out there and similar thing will be true on the commercial side. And so – it’s really a function, I think Erika, of the difference between the level of our cash position and the percentage of our balance sheet that sits in cash versus the peers that might cause that difference. But we are not anticipating by any stretch, any rapid depletion of those core accounts.
Erika Najarian: I understand. So, just to interpret that, Darren, just making sure I am thinking about it correctly, you have so much cash that your sensitivity is greater for those that are seeking higher yield? Is that a good way to think about it?
Darren King: Yes. I guess I would say we will be relationship-oriented and total relationship focused on the places where we will give rate for people that are seeking it, and that will keep those balances on our balance sheet. And for folks that are just kind of what I would describe as renting our balance sheet. We will be a little bit less sensitive and those balances could well run off. And we are in the fortunate position of being able to have that selectivity because of the excess cash that we have.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Frank Schiraldi from Piper Sandler.
Frank Schiraldi: Good morning Darren. Just wondering, I hate to beat a dead horse on the capital and the stress test side. But even if you set aside the relatively larger pre balances, it looks like M&T has assumed loan losses in the severely adverse scenario is basically higher than the media almost across categories despite what you pointed to and what is obviously a stronger credit history overall. Just wondering if you have been able to gather any more color on is it a regional thing? What the Fed is sort of thinking that makes their loss assumptions so much more punitive than you guys would assume?
Darren King: Yes. Frank, when you look under the hood, the most important thing to remember is there is no loss rate applied to any M&T portfolio by the Fed that’s different from what they apply to anyone else with a similar portfolio, right. And so all of this is a function of mix. And what I think the Fed found, if I remember this correctly, over the course of the last couple of years and the difference between the pandemic test where the results came out in December 2020 versus this most recent one, was that the loss rates that were being assumed in some categories, notably hotel and retail was nuanced. And in the first test, it was a little bit more blunt that there was more trauma in that whole sector and that would lead to much lower asset values. And so you couldn’t rely on the collateral. In this last test, what I think the Fed did was they were more nuanced and they could see that suburban hotels, ones that you could drive to resort-oriented hotel properties had seen increases in occupancy as people started to travel again. And that led to better asset values and collateral values under stress. And where they tended to apply more was in the urban areas, where it was still – we still haven’t seen the recovery in business travel and conventions and winnings in those large properties. And so the loss rates were applied there. And when you look at M&T and some of our real estate portfolio, particularly in the hotel, we obviously have New York City. We had some in Boston. We have some in Philadelphia and Washington. And so, those properties at M&T would have faced a little bit more stress and that would help lead to that higher loss rate. And that seem to be the place. I think there was still a little bit of stress on retail and some beginning on office. I think they were looking a little bit more – with a little bit more scrutiny at what we consider B and C grade office buildings and applied a little bit tougher test to the asset values in those categories. It’s – it gives us more insight into how the Fed thinks about things, gives us more questions for us to think about in how we consider those property types. But again, to me, the positive is when you look at – even with those loss rates, and our capital levels, we were still about 300 basis points above the minimum under that stress and with the other comments I made about impact of PPNR. And so when we look at the capital ratios of the bank and where we sit, we feel really good and the Fed just helped us confirm that we can withstand a pretty severe downturn in some of these asset classes and still be in great shape. And so we continue to learn through the process and make the adjustments that we talked about before to the balance sheet to be as capital efficient as we can be.
Frank Schiraldi: Great. Thanks for all the color. That’s all I have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And it appears we have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the program back over to our speakers.
Brian Klock: Great. Thank you. And again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, if any clarification of any items on the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department at area code 716-842-5138. Yes. Good day.
Operator: This does conclude today’s program. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-20 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the M&T Bank First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.  I would now like to hand the conference over to Brian Klock, Head of Markets and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Brian Klock: Thank you, Gretchen. And good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it, along with the financial tables and schedules, from our website, www.mtb.com, and by clicking on the Investor Relations link and then on the Events and Presentations link. Also, before we start, I'd like to mention that today's presentation may contain forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information as well as reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's earnings release materials as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. These materials are all available on our Investor Relations web page, and we encourage the participants to refer to them for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and risk factors. These statements speak only as of the date made, and M&T undertakes no obligation to update them.  Now I'd like to turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Darren King.
Darren King: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. As we reflect on the past quarter, it was an eventful one. First off, we were pleased to have closed the acquisition of People's United Financial on April 1 and to welcome our new colleagues, customers and shareholders to the M&T family. We're excited to turn our complete focus to successfully integrating People's United, of course, not losing sight of the tenets that define M&T, delivering superior customer service, offering rewarding careers for our colleagues, engaging in the communities we call home, and providing top quartile long-term returns to shareholders. We plan on completing the systems conversion in the third quarter of this year.  Subsequent to our January earnings call, the outlook for interest rates has changed materially, low levels of unemployment and continued supply chain disruptions exacerbated by the situation in Ukraine, have pushed inflation to levels not seen since the early 1980s. Interest rates began to rise even before the Federal Reserve raised its Fed funds target in late March, and the forward curve anticipates additional hikes coming more quickly than we anticipated in January. The changing rate environment created an opportunity for us to deploy excess cash into investment securities at a faster pace than we previously outlined and to restart our interest rate hedging program. While we're beginning to see the tailwinds from rising interest rates positively impacting our net interest income, those same higher rates have prompted headwinds to our mortgage banking business, both for origination volumes and for gain on sale margins. We expect these headwinds to persist. Despite these macro challenges, credit quality remains strong and expense growth has been well managed. We're well positioned for the future and excited about the opportunity to integrate the People's United franchise as well as to deploy our excess cash and excess capital. Now let's review our results for the first quarter. Diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $2.62 for the first quarter of 2022 compared to $3.37 in the fourth quarter of 2021. Net income for the quarter was $362 million compared with $458 million in the linked quarter. On a GAAP basis, M&T's first quarter results produced an annualized rate of return on assets just shy of 1% at 0.97% and an annualized return on average common equity of 8.55%. This compares with rates of 1.15% and 10.91%, respectively, in the previous quarter. Included in GAAP results in the recent quarter were after-tax expenses from the amortization of intangible assets amounting to $1 million or $0.01 per common share, down slightly from the prior quarter. Also included in this quarter's results were merger-related expenses of $17 million related to the People's United acquisition. This amounted to $13 million after tax or $0.10 per common share. Consistent with our long-term practice, M&T provides supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis, from which we have only ever excluded the after-tax effect of amortization of intangible assets as well as any gains or expenses associated with mergers and acquisitions. M&T's net operating income for the first quarter, which excludes intangible amortization and the merger-related expenses, was $376 million compared with $475 million in the linked quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $2.73 for the recent quarter compared to $3.50 in 2021's fourth quarter. Net operating income yielded annualized rates of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders' equity of 1.04% and 12.44% for the recent quarter. The comparable returns were 1.23% and 15.98% in the fourth quarter of 2021. In accordance with the SEC's guidelines, this morning's press release contains a reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results, including tangible assets and equity. Included in the recent quarter’s GAAP and net operating results was a $30 million distribution from Bayview Lending Group. This amounted to $23 million after-tax effect and $0.17 per common share. We received a light distribution in the fourth quarter of 2020 as well as the fourth quarter of 2021. Next, we'll look a little deeper into the underlying trends that generated these results. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $907 million in the first quarter of 2022, a decrease of $30 million or 3% from the linked quarter. The primary drivers of the decline were $20 million in lower interest income and fees from PPP loans as well as a $16 million reduction of interest accrued on earning assets, reflecting the 2-day shorter calendar quarter. Those factors were partially offset by higher rates on interest-earning assets and cash interest received on nonaccrual loans. The net interest margin for the past quarter was 2.65%, up 7 basis points from 2.58% in the linked quarter. The primary driver of the increase to the margin was a reduced level of cash held on deposit with the Federal Reserve, which we estimate boosted the margin by 10 basis points. That was partially offset by a 4 basis point decline resulting from the lower income from PPP loans. Rising interest rates had a modest 1 basis point benefit to the margin as the Fed action on the Fed funds target came relatively late in the quarter. All other factors, including day count and interest received on nonaccrual loans had a negligible impact on the margin. Compared with the fourth quarter of 2021, average interest earning assets decreased by some 4% or $5.8 billion, reflecting a $5.6 billion decline in money market placements, including cash on deposit at the Fed, partially offset by a $920 million increase in investment securities. Average loans outstanding decreased by about 1% compared with the previous quarter. Looking at the loans by category on an average basis compared with the linked quarter, commercial and industrial loans increased by $976 million or about 4%. That figure includes the decrease of approximately $780 million in PPP loans. That decrease was more than offset by $361 million growth in dealer floor plan balances and a $1.4 billion increase in all other C&I loans. Commercial real estate loans declined by 5% compared with the fourth quarter. 3 factors contributed to that decline. Elevated payoff activity was the primary driver, including several criticized and nonaccrual loans assumed by other lenders. The quarter also saw construction loans converted into permanent off-balance sheet financing, often facilitated by our M&T Realty Capital Corporation subsidiary. And finally, new origination activity remained subdued compared to prior years. Real estate loans declined by -- residential real estate loans, excuse me, declined by 3%, consistent with our expectations. The change reflects new loans originated and retained for investment, which were more than offset by normal runoff, combined with the sale of Ginnie Mae buyouts as they became eligible for repooling into new RMBS. Consumer loans were up nearly 1%. Activity was consistent with recent quarters where growth in indirect auto and recreational finance loans has been outpacing declines in home equity lines and loans. On an end-of-period basis, PPP loans amounted to just $592 million. Average core customer deposits, which excludes CDs over $250,000, decreased about 5% or some $6 billion compared with the fourth quarter. That figure was roughly evenly divided between noninterest-bearing and interest checking. Trust demand deposits drove the decline in demand deposits following lower levels of capital markets activity compared with the fourth quarter. The decline in interest checking reflects our ongoing program to manage deposit pricing downward, while our liquidity profile remains still strong. Some higher cost escrow deposits were moved off our balance sheet to other institutions willing to pay higher rates.  Turning to noninterest income. Noninterest income totaled $541 million in the first quarter compared with $579 million in the linked quarter. As noted, M&T received a $30 million distribution from Bayview Lending Group in each of the past 2 quarters. Mortgage banking revenues were $109 million in the recent quarter compared with $139 million in the linked quarter. Revenues from our residential mortgage banking business were $76 million in the first quarter compared with $91 million in the prior quarter. Residential mortgage loans originated for sale were $161 million in the recent quarter compared with $191 million in the fourth quarter. Both figures reflect our decision to retain a substantial majority of mortgage originations for investment on our balance sheet. The primary driver of the linked-quarter revenue decline is the higher interest rate environment has pressured gain on sale margins for loans previously purchased from Ginnie Mae servicing pools, and which have become eligible for resale or re-pooling. Although these loans typically have higher rates than new originations, that difference has been narrowing. Residential gain on sale totaled $14 million in the recent quarter compared with $26 million in the prior quarter. Commercial Banking revenues were $33 million in the first quarter, reflecting a decline from $49 million in the linked quarter. That figure was $32 million in the year ago quarter. As a reminder, the commercial mortgage banking business tends to show seasonal swings. Revenues totaled $66 million in the first half of 2021 compared with $99 million in the second half, which also included an elevated level of prepayment fees. Trust income was $169 million in the recent quarter, little changed from the previous quarter but up 8% from the year ago quarter. Service charges on deposit accounts were $102 million compared with $105 million in the fourth quarter. That decline primarily reflects seasonal factors. The previously announced repricing of our consumer checking products did not have a significant impact on the first quarter, but we expect foregone revenues from the program to reach a run rate of $15 million per quarter by the second half of the year. Turning to expenses. Operating expenses for the first quarter, which exclude the amortization of intangible assets and merger-related expenses, were $941 million. The comparable figures were $904 million in the linked quarter and $907 million in the year ago quarter. As is typical for M&T's first quarter results, operating expenses for the recent quarter which included approximately $74 million of seasonally higher compensation costs relating to the accelerated recognition of equity compensation expense for certain retirement-eligible employees, like Don MacLeod. Also, it reflects the HSA contribution, the impact of annual incentive compensation payouts on the 401(k) match and FICA payments as well as the annual reset in FICA payments and unemployment insurance. Those same items amounted to an increase in salaries and benefits of approximately $69 million in last year's first quarter. As usual, we expect those seasonal factors to decline significantly as we enter the second quarter. Aside from these seasonal factors that flow through salaries and benefits, operating expenses declined by $38 million compared with the fourth quarter. Lower professional services costs as well as lower pension-related costs drove that decline.  The efficiency ratio which excludes intangible amortization and merger-related expenses from the numerator and securities gains or losses from the denominator was 64.9% in the recent quarter compared with 59.7% in 2021's 4th quarter and 60.3% in the first quarter of 2021. Those ratios in the first quarters of 2021 and 2022 each reflect the seasonally elevated compensation expenses.  Next, let's turn to credit. Despite the challenges of the pandemic experience, supply chain disruption, labor shortage and persistent inflation, credit is stable to improving. The allowance for credit losses amounted to $1.5 billion at the end of the first quarter, little changed from the end of 2021. We recorded a provision for credit losses of $10 million in the first quarter which was partially offset by just $7 million of net charge-offs. As the COVID-19 pandemic eases, forecasted economic indicators continue to show improvement from the prior period. But inflation remains persistently high with upward pressure from energy prices and constrained supply chains, which have been impacted by Russia's invasion of Ukraine. The first quarter's baseline macroeconomic forecast consider these developments, although there was a little difference in the forecast from the prior quarter for those indicators that have a significant impact on our CECL modeling results, including the unemployment rate, GDP growth and residential and consumer real estate values. The result of these considerations is an allowance for credit losses that is consistent with our prior estimate. Nonaccrual loans increased very slightly, amounting to $2.1 billion that equaled 2.3% of loans at the end of March, up slightly from 2.2% at the end of last year. When we file our first quarter 10-Q in a few weeks, we expect to report a modest decline in criticized loans. As noted, net charge-offs for the recent quarter amounted to $7 million. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were just 3 basis points for the first quarter, which we believe is an all-time low. That figure was 13 basis points in the fourth quarter. Loans 90 days past due, on which we continue to accrue interest, were $777 million at the end of the recent quarter. In total, 89% of these 90 days past due loans were guaranteed by government-related entities.  Turning to capital. M&T's common equity Tier 1 ratio was an estimated 11.6% compared with 11.4% at the end of the fourth quarter. This ratio reflects earnings net of dividends, combined with a slight reduction in risk-weighted assets. Tangible common equity totaled $11.5 billion, down just 0.3% from the end of the prior quarter. Tangible common equity per share amounted to $89.33, down $0.47 or 0.5 percentage point from the end of the fourth quarter. This very moderate decline reflects our patience in deploying excess liquidity into long-duration investments until the interest rate outlook became clear. As previously announced, we expect to resume the repurchase of M&T common shares shortly, starting with the $800 million buyback program recently reauthorized by our Board.  Now turning to the outlook. On April 1, we closed the People's United acquisition. That development, combined with the rapid change in interest rate expectations have had a material impact on our outlook for full year 2022. The information that follows reflects the combined balance sheet, a more recent forward curve and includes 3/4 of operations from People's United. First, let's talk about our outlook for the balance sheet. Excluding the impact of acquisition accounting adjustments at closing, we acquired $63 billion in total assets, including investment securities totaling $12 billion, cash placed at the Federal Reserve totaling $9 billion, loans of $36 billion and other assets of $6 billion. Deposits totaled $53 billion, borrowings and other liabilities totaled about $1 billion each, and equity totaled $7.5 billion. The purchase consideration was approximately $8.4 billion. With the increase in rates, the deal is now expected to be slightly dilutive to tangible book value per share. However, this also means that future earnings will benefit from additional acquisition accounting accretion.  Let's go into a little more detail on our outlook for growth in the combined balance sheet. First, the interest-earning cash position at the beginning of the second quarter totaled just over $45 billion. We expect these balances to decline to slightly under $30 billion by the end of 2022 due to a combination of growth in the securities portfolio, loan growth as well as a reduction in wholesale funding. Investment securities for the combined company totaled $21 billion at the beginning of the second quarter, and we expect to grow the portfolio by $2 billion per quarter. This cadence could accelerate or slow depending on market conditions. We start this quarter with $40 billion in C&I loans, including just over $800 million in PPP loans. CRE, residential mortgage and consumer loan portfolios are $46 billion, $22 billion and $20 billion, respectively. In order to provide more details on our outlook for loan growth, let's first look at our expectations for spot or end-of-period loan growth from the beginning of the second quarter through the end of 2022. Total combined loans are expected to grow in the 3% to 5% range from the beginning of the second quarter. Excluding PPP and Ginnie Mae buyout loan balances, total combined loans are expected to grow in the 4% to 6% range. The outlook for C&I loan growth, excluding PPP loans, is in that same 4% to 6% range, with solid growth in dealer floor plan balances. PPP loans are expected to continue to pay down over the course of the year and not have a material impact on loan growth. For CRE loans, we expect the heightened level of payoffs to largely run their course. And thus, the outlook for total combined CRE loans is essentially flat for the rest of this year. The tailwinds from our mortgage retention strategy are expected to help drive 7% to 8% loan growth in residential mortgage balances over the course of this year. And excluding the impact of the re-pooling of Ginnie Mae buyouts, growth is expected to be in the 12% to 14% range. Of course, mortgage rates and home supply will ultimately affect that pace of growth. Finally, we are pleased with the momentum in our consumer loan portfolio and expect this growth to continue to be strong over the remainder of the year. We anticipate growth in the 7% to 9% range in this portfolio. To help you understand the outlook for end-of-period growth or how the outlook for end of period loan growth ties into growth in average -- the average balance sheet when compared to stand-alone M&T 2021 average balances, we expect average loans for the combined franchise to grow in the 24% to 26% range when compared to stand-alone M&T full year 2021 average balances of $97 billion. On a combined and full year average basis, we expect average C&I growth in the 43% to 45% range. We expect average CRE growth in the 15% to 16% range and average residential mortgage growth in the 26% to 28% range. And finally, we expect average consumer loan growth in the 16% to 18% range.  As we look at the outlook for the combined income statement compared to stand-alone M&T operations from 2021, we believe we are well positioned to benefit from higher rates and manage through the macro challenges we noted earlier on this call. This outlook includes the impact from preliminary estimates of acquisition accounting marks that are expected to be finalized later in the quarter. Our outlook for net interest income for the combined franchise is for 50% full year growth compared to the $3.8 billion in 2021. We expect that 50% growth to be plus or minus 2% depending on the speed of interest rate hikes by the Fed and the pace of the deployment of excess liquidity as well as loan growth. This outlook reflects the forward yield curve from the beginning of this month.  Turning to the fee businesses. While higher rates are expected to pressure mortgage originations and gain on sale margins, growth in trust revenue should benefit from the recapture of money market fee waivers sooner than previously anticipated.We expect noninterest income to grow in the 11% to 13% range for the full year compared to $2.2 billion in 2021.  Next, our outlook for full year 2022 operating noninterest expenses is impacted by the timing of the People's United system conversion and subsequent realization of expense synergies. We anticipate 23% to 26% growth in combined operating noninterest expenses when compared to $3.6 billion in 2021. As a reminder, these operating noninterest expenses do not include pretax merger-related charges. At the time of the merger announcement, onetime pretax merger charges were estimated at $740 million, including $93 million of capitalized expenditures. These merger charges are not expected to be materially different than these initial estimates.We expect the majority of these merger charges to be incurred in the second and third quarters of this year.  Turning to credit. We continue to expect credit losses to remain well below M&T's legacy long-term average of 33 basis points. For 2022, we conservatively estimate that net charge-offs for the combined company will be in the 20 basis point range. As a reminder, the provision for credit losses in this year's second quarter will include provision related to the nonpurchase credit deteriorated loans from People's United. We are still finalizing the acquisition accounting marks, but given the improvement in economic conditions over the past year, this provision will likely be lower than the $352 million pretax provision estimated at the time of the announcement, the so-called double count.  Finally, turning to capital. Due to the delay and growth in capital at both firms, the preliminary combined CET1 ratio at closing should be over 11%. We believe this level of core capital is higher than what is needed to safely run the combined company and to support lending in our communities. We plan to return excess capital to shareholders at a measured pace. We will be participating in the DFAST this year and again in 2023. Normally, next year would have been an off year for a Category 4 bank like M&T. However, the Federal Reserve has reasonably requested that we participate again next year so that our stress test and stress capital buffer can be at best, including the balance sheet and operations of People's United. With a solid starting capital position and the potential to generate significant amounts of capital over the next few years, we don't anticipate the test results causing a material change to our capital distribution plans. Our objective, as always, is to bring our CET1 ratio down gradually to a level that is near the high end of the lower quartile of our peer group. Based on that objective, we anticipate ending 2022 with a CET1 ratio in the 10.5% range. As noted earlier, we anticipate restarting the currently authorized $800 million common share repurchase program now that the acquisition is closed.  Now let's open up the call to questions, before which Gretchen will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Betsy Graseck from Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: I just wanted to drill down a little bit on your comment around the returning excess capital to shareholders at a measured pace. Maybe you could give us a sense as to how you're thinking about that? Because obviously, with loan growth coming in, there'll be a little bit of the competition but not that much. So -- I guess really, the underlying question is how measured is measured in your mind?
Darren King : Yes. So as we think about it, Betsy, we're going to go through the next couple of quarters and the impact of some of the onetime expenses associated with the deal will have an impact on capital in addition to the buybacks. And so as we think about it, it might be a little bit lumpy in a couple of these quarters, but if you think about it over the course of the next 3 is moving down in maybe the 20 to 30 basis point per quarter range, that's probably a good starting point. A bit of the wild card, obviously, is also the pace of increase in the Fed funds rates because of the combined bank's asset sensitivity that will have a meaningful impact on net income and capital generation. And so we'll need to be monitoring that in addition to the pace to hit that kind of 20 to 30 basis point target. So it might bounce around that, but that's kind of when we think about it and how we tend to think about it.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then just as a follow-up, the expense savings, can you just remind us the pace of the realization of those that you're anticipating?
Darren King : Yes. So if we go back to the due diligence, we were -- and continue to target about a 30% decrease in the People's United expense base. And when you look at when that really starts to come in, it really is in the fourth quarter of this year and will probably leak a little bit into the first quarter of next year just given the timing. Most of the reduction in expenses is tied to the system conversion event. And so typically, after that, you'll have some folks who will stay on that time plus 30, plus 60 plus 90 days just as we stabilize the operation and then those expenses will start to go away. So -- it will really be as we get to maybe the December time frame of this year that we'll hit that run rate and really into the first quarter of 2023.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ebrahim Poonawala from Bank of America.
Ebrahim Poonawala: I was wondering if you could just go back to your NII guide. I think you mentioned 50% up year-over-year all in with the deal. Just talk to us around thought process around pace of cash deployment, what you're buying? And where do you expect to keep excess cash maybe at the end of 2022.
Darren King : Sure. So I guess a couple of things on what's going on there in that just looking at the cash and the cash deployment, some of it will be into securities. We talked about a pace of an incremental $2 billion a quarter in growth in the securities portfolio, net and runoff. When you look at the securities portfolio and where we've been focused of late, it's been in the shorter end of the curve, typically in the 2- to 3-year space. I think if you look at how that curve looks, you see that it kind of flattens out once you get to 5 years. And so we don't see a benefit to that extra duration. But part of the way we're getting some of that duration is through the retention of the mortgages we're originating through our retail channels. And so part of the cash then is deployed into the residential mortgage balances that will sit on our balance sheet. And then obviously, the other loan growth that we talked about. And those are the things that we think help bring the cash levels from the place we are combined in April of around $45 billion down to $30 billion. The other part that I didn't mention was, there is some wholesale funding that is coming through the merger. And as we look at our cash position, we think we can bring those wholesale balances down and fund them with the liquidity position that we have.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Understood. And just tied to that, on the funding side, we saw some deposit runoff. You talked about this last quarter. Remind us in terms of when you think about deposit balances where do you expect them to trend? And are there other kind of more rate-sensitive index type deposits that you expect to leave the balance sheet over the coming quarters?
Darren King : Yes. I guess we're not anticipating additional runoff in the deposit portfolio right now. We'll go through, I think, the first 100 basis points I think, for us and generally for the industry, given the loan-to-deposit ratios in the industry, the deposits are likely to be sticky, and we won't see much movement due to rates. As we go through the cycle, there's a cadence that happens with these the deposits that tend to be the most rate sensitive are usually those in the wealth business as well as in the municipal or government space, and we're going to see betas move there a little bit faster. In consumer land, it takes a little bit longer for rates to start to drive behavior. And over time, you'll see some movement in -- out of checking accounts and into money market savings and time accounts, but that will all be based on the pace at which the industry starts to move up rates. Just on time deposits, there is a slightly higher time deposit portfolio at Peoples than there has been in M&T. And you might see a little bit of runoff in the time deposits early on. But as rates move, assuming they move as anticipated, at some point, you'll see those lines cross and that portfolio will stop shrinking -- and then on a combined basis, it will start to grow, but that's probably not -- the growth part is probably not until late this year, early next year would be my guess just based on our past experience and where the forward curves are.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt O'Connor from Deutsche Bank.
Matt O’Connor: I was hoping you could flesh out the 10.5% CET1 target, and I guess if be blunt, like why so high? I think it's above where most of your peers are targeting. And kind of appreciate you're converting a deal and you got DFAST that you want to see, but is that kind of the intermediate target and over time, you'll bring it down maybe closer to the 9%, 9.5% that we see from your peers? Or how did you arrive at the 10.5% and how long term is that?
Darren King : Yes. Happy to answer the question, Matt. The 10.5% is a stepping stone along the way. We haven't changed our thought process about how we manage capital that we're always looking to deploy it into the franchise first and always looking to support customers and loan growth within our markets. And to the extent that that's not there at a reasonable return, then we look to get it back to shareholders. We always think about the dividend as an important element of that, and we try to make sure we target, as we've talked about before, right around 1/3 of earnings as a dividend payout target. I think that gives us a good flexibility to make sure that we can maintain that payment through the economic cycles. And then we tend to favor using buybacks as the rest of it. And the 10.5, when you look at where we're starting and you look at what we believe is going to be the capital generation of the combined organization, it's -- and with -- against the backdrop of a sensitive franchise in a rising rate environment, the capital generation, we think, becomes pretty compelling. And so the pace of deployment against the pace of capital generation makes it tough to bring that ratio down very quickly. And as you pointed out, it's an intermediate step that next year will be the first year we go through the stress test with our combined balance sheet. And what the history has taught us is when you go through that first time there can be surprises in how the portfolios are treated or react under the Fed stress test models. And sometimes in those situations, -- there can be data gaps that you need to remediate. And so we understand those issues and challenges, but we're -- we think that going into that test at that level, is just a safer place to be, and then we'll have more information when we come out the other side and expect to continue on our path down to the target that we've always talked about. We'll obviously have to look at that target as we take into account the new balance sheet and the combined bank that we have because we are getting some new portfolios, and we want to run them through our own stress test models to understand how they perform under stress. But Consider the 10.5% as a stop along the journey towards our more typical target.
Matt O’Connor: Okay. That's helpful. And then on the liquidity, I'm probably missing some sort of liquidity rule on this, but why can't you and other banks that have tons of cash just dump it in short-term treasuries? We've seen very unusual move in the treasury market. So you could basically accelerate all that rate leverage and not really take any risk, right? Like, a 6-month treasury is about 1.30%, 12 months is 2%, doesn't impact the CET1, I don't think. So just remind us, like what liquidity rules out there that's preventing you from doing that? And if it’s not a rule, why wouldn't you consider that?
Darren King : Yes. There's not a rule, Matt. When you're going through for banks that are subject to the liquidity coverage ratio, there's an expectation about what percentage of their liquidity is held in high-quality liquid assets. I think the treasuries count, but cash is one of the preferreds. And so shorter duration cash-oriented instruments would affect banks that are LCR banks, which are Category 3 banks. For a bank like M&T, we're not subject to that.  But when we look at the benefit of locking in now a 2-year treasury versus where we see the forward curve going, we think we're going to get a lot of that just with the rate moves without having to lock it in. But yes, we maintain the flexibility of that cash, and we keep the marks off the balance sheet. And so you can see we're starting to buy in, and we'll continue to build a portfolio that does take advantage of some of that while trying to protect the flexibility that we have. And we still expect to benefit from the increase in rates. And we're trying to dollar cost average in a little bit into that position. And really, the focus for us, I can speak for others, but the focus for us is over the course of the next couple of years, rebuilding the mix of the balance sheet between what's in cash, what's in securities, within the securities portfolio, what's the duration of it? How are we thinking about that with what is the duration of the whole portfolio, and as we talked about with what's in mortgages. And then the other thing that's really important is how much cash and once your deposit runoff assumption, right? Because if you get too far into the securities portfolio, and all of a sudden, you see some migration in deposits, and you've got to go out and fund those or you've got to react to outflows with rate. If you go too far too fast, you can get yourself upside down. And so obviously, at 2 years, there's a lot less risk of that. But those are the kind of things that we're always thinking about and debating internally when we think about the pace at which we want to deploy that cash into something that might, over the course of the next couple of quarters provide a higher yield. But based on, as I mentioned, where it looks like the Fed is moving, you might catch up pretty quickly there in the cash.
Matt O’Connor: And just to squeeze in, what would be the longer-term target of, call it, securities to assets or maybe a securities plus residential mortgages is, the way you think about it? Like, you said rebuild and kind of remix next couple of years, and what was it the end state as you think about?
Darren King : Yes. I guess the way to think about it, Matt, is to look at the combination of our securities portfolio plus our on-balance sheet mortgages and look at that as a percentage of assets and then look at where the peers sit. And if you think about the peers who have the lower percentage of those to the bottom quartile of the peers when you add up securities and mortgages as a percentage of assets, think that kind of range for us. Our -- as we've talked about before, our goal is always to deploy our liquidity into lending while making sure that we're not taking on crazy asset sensitivity. And so we'll look to bring that -- close that asset sensitivity down. And those would be some of the primary categories in which we would look to do that.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pancari from Evercore. John, your line is open. You might be on mute.
Darren King : Well, after 2 years of the pandemic, we've still got mute.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ken Usdin from Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Darren, just wondering if you could just drill down to a couple more pieces of NII. First of all, can you help us understand that you mentioned the accretion. Can you help us understand how much accretion you're expecting either in dollar terms, ideally? Or can help us understand the percentage that, that adds to growth?
Darren King : Yes, sure. When you look at the NII, like I mentioned, we're still finalizing what the marks are. But when you look at the forecast for the year and the coming years, the impact of the accretion will be positive compared to where we thought it would be when we announced, obviously, because of the change in the interest rate environment. But when you look at the percentage, it could move what we guided it's maybe a couple of percentage points in either direction, more likely to be accretive than not really the bigger driver of the the growth in NII is just the composition of obviously, of our balance sheet and our asset sensitivity and the new rate curve, which is the biggest part of that driver.
Ken Usdin: Okay. So there is accretion in there, but you're saying it could be more than what you have in there, but you're not going to -- until you finalize the marks, you're not going to update us on just what the amount of the accretion is in there?
Darren King : We'll give you all of the information once we finalize it, but I guess what I'm saying is it's not going to change the outcome in a meaningful way.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Got it. And then just a second question just on -- you talked about some of the moving parts within the betas, but can you just talk us about like what you're expecting for deposit betas? And how that might have changed given the faster pace of expected hikes that we're now seeing from the Fed?
Darren King : Yes, no problem. I guess we talked a little bit about deposit betas earlier on. And it's really when we disclosed the sensitivity in the Q, what we'll see there is the first 100. And in the first 100, we really don't think there's a lot of reactivity. And really, when we look at the 100, we look at each 25 and then we'll look at the subsequent 25. But really, we think the first 100 has relatively low deposit betas probably in the 10% to 15% range, probably towards the bottom end of that. It skews by portfolio. When you look, as I mentioned before, some of the government and municipal deposits, they tend to be a lot more rate sensitive as to the wealth balances. And so those would drive up the deposit beta and for our smaller business customers and our consumer customers, the betas are a little bit lower. Clearly, as you get higher in the absolute level of Fed funds, you start to get a little bit more attention. One of the things that I think is different this cycle from others, not just for us, but for the industry for all of us to keep in mind is there's now an ability to pay interest on commercial checking accounts, which there hadn't been before. And you would look at the impact on commercial balances historically would be on earnings credit and then the offset on fees. And from an interest perspective, it was typically sweep accounts and it was either on or off balance sheet. Now much of that will happen in those commercial checking accounts where clients will have to decide between earnings credit against fees or between earning an actual interest income based on the rate on those products. And so it's something we haven't seen how reactive those specific products will be because we haven't really been through a tightening cycle that's looking like the one that's in front of us. But again, big picture, if you just go back to where loan-to-deposit ratios sit and all the liquidity that sits not just on our balance sheet but on others, unless there's a meaningful change in that position or meaningful loan growth you probably have deposit betas that are at the lower end of what we saw in the last tightening cycle.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Alexopoulos from JP Morgan.
Steven Alexopoulos: On asset sensitivity, could you give color -- you said you restarted the hedging program in the quarter. Can you give color on what you're doing there? And now that people just closed, what's the new level of asset sensitivity versus what you guys last disclosed?
Darren King : So I'll go in reverse order. The new level of asset sensitivity is slightly less than what it is M&T standalone. If you look at the two balance sheets, both were asset sensitive. And on a combined basis, the asset sensitivity drops, maybe 1 percentage point, 0.5 point in that range. We saw in the People's portfolio over the course of the last year, similar phenomenon that we did and that there has been some loan declines, certainly PPP loans that paid off and turned into cash. And so they were looking at managing their portfolio in a very similar fashion to how we were. And so there really wasn't a big change in the combined asset sensitivity. And then when you look at the hedging program, what we've been trying to do is since we see the curve that is forecast, we can use some forward starting swaps much like we had done in the prior cycle to lock in those increases before they happen. So in effect, if you see where are we today, 9 increases in Fed funds, you can lock that in with a forward-starting position and then you'd have to see 10 or 11 before you thought that was a bad decision. And given the fact that you're still asset sensitive, you'd be pretty happy if that was the case. But being able to lock in some of these today, you can protect in case the pace isn't at that level. And so it's really with some of those cash flow hedges, very similar to how we built the portfolio last time when we try to leg into it a little bit and build it out each month as we go forward.
Steven Alexopoulos: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then for my follow-up question, I want to go back to your response to Betsy's question on the cost save basis, are you still assuming 85% in 2022? And is the number still $330 million?
Darren King : So I'm trying to think about the 85%. That's not a number that's -- I know what you're thinking about. I got it, first year. I'm with you now. Just given the timing of when the deals happen, we'll start to see that run rate achieved towards the end of the year. Is it 85% this year? We're not going to see 85% in actuality in calendar year 2022 just because we're not doing the conversion until the third quarter, right? And so in reality, we'll start to get to the the run rate as we come out of the year. And so really, the way to think about it is it's -- it will really kick in full year in 2023. And then it's -- we're still in the range of thinking that we're around 30% cost saves. But keep in mind that the people's expense base has changed. So the dollars will be slightly different. They're -- they've seen the same thing we have with expense growth and wage inflation. And so -- the good news is in dollar terms, the savings are probably a little bit higher because the cost went up, but the reality is the percentage save has really not changed much.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. So dollar is up a bit and basically, by the end of the fourth quarter, you'll be at the run rate not in the fourth quarter?
Darren King : Not the fourth quarter. Yes, really -- like I mentioned, there's a lot of it's going to come out in the third quarter but there's always some residual -- some folks that are 60 or 90 days past conversion. And if we're doing the conversion and around the early part of September, a little bit of that leaks into the fourth quarter. And so by the time we get out of this year, we should be pretty close to the run rate as we jump off into 2023.
Steven Alexopoulos: The 100% run rate?
Darren King : Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gerard Cassidy from RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: The question I have has to do with -- I think you said that you were able to see some of your criticized loans taken off your balance sheet from competitors. I was wondering if you can elaborate -- and I'm not going to ask the names of who did this, but could you elaborate the underwriting standards that you were holding these customers to that made it more enticing for them to go to another competitor, assuming they got better terms and conditions? And do you see that continuing in the second or third quarter of this year?
Darren King : Yes. we've seen a fairly -- as we mentioned, fairly substantial amount of payoff activity this quarter. A bunch of it was in and around New York City real estate, and in many cases, in the leisure and hospitality industry hotel, aka, hotel. And it's a variety of players, Gerard, that are coming in. Sometimes it's private equity and sometimes it's the funds. We have seen a couple refinanced by other banks. And it might not necessarily be the credit per se. And what I mean by that is when you've got a company on your books and you've been watching their performance over time and you downgrade them, you want to see a few quarters of reperformance before you upgrade them. Some one -- and they get classified as a troubled debt restructuring potentially, depending on what happens. And someone who comes in new, it's not a trouble -- it's not a TDR for them, it's a new loan. They can structure it the way they want. In some cases, we saw us get refinanced out and then additional dollars were added. And so it's a new loan and someone else is them. So the treatment from an accounting and a capital perspective is a little bit different. And they're not waiting for a little bit longer history of performance before they regrade it and change it, right? They might look more prospectively than we might typically look where you're wanting to see a few months, maybe even a couple of quarters of sustained performance before you change the range. And so for those reasons, that's why you tend to see this stuff. And I think I would humbly say that a lot of times people look at our underwriting and know our history of it and so are willing to take us out because they know these credits are strong. And a lot of times, that proves out. When you look at the charge-offs this quarter, at 3 basis points. The reason that was so strong was as much because of recoveries because of the things that we had previously charged off where it turned out that the collateral values where we thought they would be, and we were able to recover what we had previously charged off. And so there's a number of things that happen when others take us out. And it's not something that we necessarily love, but it's part of the cycle.
Operator: And next question comes from John Pancari from Evercore.
John Pancari: Just one for me. On the credit -- I mean on the commercial real estate front, I know you indicated that the book should be relatively flat here going forward. Can you just maybe talk about what is your confidence in that front? I know you mentioned that paydowns were impacting the balances for the first quarter unless you have the amount of those paydowns and that gives you confidence that they could abate? And then lastly, do you expect any of the particular securitization that you mentioned of the People from the financing portfolio that to come into play here?
Darren King : Yes. So I think there's a couple of things that are behind that, John. Over time, when we look at our portfolio, we tend to see growth in our portfolio when there's activity in the market. And there's -- there hasn't been as much activity until recently with properties starting to change hands. And so part of what we were talking about7890- some of the paydowns is property starting to change hands. And so that typically is a benefit for us. The other thing is when we look at some of the payoffs, and we mentioned that many were in our nonaccrual or criticized space and in the hotel part of our portfolio. We've seen a number of upgrades, and we continue to expect more upgrades to come because we are seeing a definite improvement in that portfolio. And so for those reasons, we expect to see a little bit less payoff and paydown activity there. I mentioned a little bit about the construction loans and those paying off. In a lot of cases, what you're seeing is some folks trying to lock in where they could a fixed rate rather than the construction line is a variable rate. And so people are trying to lock in some of the financing in the face of rising rates, which, of course, it can still happen, but loans have to be at a certain place along the way, meaning the construction won’t have to be far enough long that you can convert some of it into permanent. And then I guess the other part of it is just the utilization rate of those lines and where they stand. As the projects near completion, they'll continue to grow towards 100%. And when we look at where that utilization is today, it's higher than it's been since -- well, in our history that I'm looking at, but certainly from the low point in December of 2019. And so when you open up a bunch of construction lines and the projects start to move forward, you see those lines slowly build and grow and from a low of maybe 50-odd percent in 2019, we're now in the call it, 68% to 70% range. And so at that point, the construction is going to go to completion for the developer to get paid out. And so those lines will continue to grow, which will be a bit of an offset. And so for a bunch of those reasons, that's why when we look forward, we think that there will be enough growth to offset some of the paydowns that are natural and expected. And the other thing which we shouldn't discount from just loan growth in general is now that there's certainty around the deal and the merger, there's -- that anxiety goes away for our employees and for our customers who are waiting. And I think that that's a -- we shouldn't discount that, that does have an impact on the psyche. And as folks feel that certainty and understand the credit window that we'll start to see the activity ramp up. And so that's also part of that forecast.
John Pancari: Okay. And anything on the potential securitization of the prime financing book of People's?
Darren King : It's too early, John, to go through that. I mean, we still -- we talked about it, you're 100% right. We talked about it at the merger announcement and is something that we think is an opportunity. We still see that as a great way to be able to provide capital for our clients, and it's something that we'll look at. And more to come as we go through sort of the second quarter and third quarter. Give us a second to integrate these 2 banks and I promise we'll come back.
Operator: Our next question comes from Frank Schiraldi from Piper Sandler.
Frank Schiraldi : Just a quick follow-up on asset sensitivity. I recognize that deposit betas are going to start lower and trend higher at some point. But just to simplify things, I wondered if you had any updated thoughts with People's in tow, what a given 25 bp hike should do for the NIM, at least at the beginning of the cycle?
Darren King : Yes. Early on, just to give an update on where we had been before, we talked about stand-alone. I think it would be 9 to 12 basis points before, combined, that's -- with the change of the portfolio, it's a little bit higher. We would estimate kind of 10 to 14. Obviously, as you mentioned, deposit betas are the driver of the range from 10 to 14. And on a combined basis, 25 basis points on a full year annualized basis, that 10 to 14, we think equates to about $165 million to $225 million in incremental NII.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bill Carcache from Wolfe Research.
Bill Carcache: So how are you thinking about growing the securities portfolio versus putting on swaps from here? And separately, how are you thinking about what the level of liquidity you should view as excess right now just the backdrop of a more aggressive balance sheet run off this cycle?
Darren King : Yes. It's a great question. It's something that we spend a lot of time talking about as a management team and our treasurer and treasury team has spent obviously all day every day thinking about it. We have a long ways to go clearly before we're liquidity constrained. We mentioned we start the combined bank with $45 billion in cash. And so -- but as we think about the mix between how much we put in the securities portfolio and how we think about the hedges, what we like about the hedges is it's a nice offset, obviously, to the loan book, but it's capital friendly, right? And so if you think about what we've seen in the last quarter, with -- if you try to cover asset sensitivity and reduce it solely through the securities portfolio and fixed rate product to the extent that's held and available for sale, then you have equity risk as rates continue to rise, whereas when we do it through the hedging, it's more equity efficient. What we recognize, though, is that just given some of the changes that are happening between LIBOR and SOFR on the rate that loans are kind of on the books and the changes that -- to move the position down, we won't be able to do it solely with hedging. And so that's when we start to look at some of the other instruments and we look at and make a trade-off decision between mortgage-backed securities versus just the mortgages that we can hold on our balance sheet. When we look at the flow that we think is coming today out of our retail production, we think that provides us a nice opportunity to manage down some of that asset sensitivity and deploy that liquidity. And then when we think about securities for the rest -- and we'll -- and I think we'll continue for now to focus at the shorter end of the curve there just because we've got some of the longer part covered in the mortgage book. And the thing that we always just kind of keep an eye on is what's happening in that deposit book. And really, that's the trick, right? As you look at what’s happening with those deposit balances, they look pretty sticky based on what we see right now. But we'll want to hold a certain amount of liquidity and cash just for part of our liquidity coverage and liquidity management in the -- under stress, but go at a pace where if you've got the excess, you can always deploy it. But if you find yourself short, that's a little bit of a problem. So we'd rather kind of work our way down slowly to take that away. And ultimately, as we mentioned before, get to a position where that securities plus mortgage balances as a percentage of the total balance sheet, is kind of in the range of the top end of the bottom quartile of the peers.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brent Erensel from Portales Partners.
Brent Erensel: I think this is pretty clear. But it looks like net interest income is going to go up by hundreds of millions of dollars in subsequent quarters. Am I missing something?
Darren King : That's how we see it. But the caveat, of course, is the Fed curve actually has to come true. So far, we've got 25 basis points, but…
Brent Erensel: What's the final share count? Because I need to make sure I understand it straight. 
Darren King : Post deal, it's in the 176 million, 177 million range.
Brent Erensel: I guess, 177. That’s actually very nice. Congratulations, you guys.
Darren King : Million shares.
Operator: And our last question comes from Christopher Spahr from Wells Fargo.
Christopher Spahr: I'm just wondering what you think the organic growth rate for the portfolio, most specifically, the loan book will be in 2023?
Darren King : Yes, we're still going through and doing the work there. I don't have any reason to believe that it will go much below the kind of 2% to 3% rate that we've been seeing or expect this year. I mean, this year is a little bit high because we had some runoff and this pause that we talked about while there was uncertainty. But in general, it's hard to outgrow GDP. And GDP might be a little bit high, but we're expecting that, that will start to come down. When I think about the puts and takes, CRE is probably going to stay a little bit lower as we talk about and complete the portfolio repositioning that we've talked about for a while. C&I, we think we've seen some really strong growth already this year and expect that to continue. There's clearly a question about the pace of recovery in the floorplan business. When you look at a lot of the growth, it was early in the quarter, late in the year. And at the end of the quarter, you started to see a little bit of a slowdown in production again, and supply chain. And so if that gets resolved, you could see a higher growth rate in C&I. Without it, it might not be quite as robust. And obviously, that spills over into the indirect consumer.  And then mortgages, I think mortgage activity will be a function, obviously, of how high the 30 year goes than what's happening with people changing homes, which has been -- when we look around many of our geographies, the biggest issue seems to be just availability of homes to buy versus desire to actually purchase at least right now. We'll see whether that shift, as I mentioned, when rates go up. But I would be thinking as a starting point in that 2% to 3% range for the whole portfolio.
Operator: It appears we have no more questions at this time. I will now turn the program back over to Brian Klock.
Brian Klock : Great. Thank you all for participating today. And as always, a clarification of any of the items on the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department at area code (716) 842-5138. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time. Have a great day.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-20 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the M&T Bank Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Currently, all phone participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. Following management’s prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. [Operator Instructions]. Today’s call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to introduce hand the call over to Brian Klock, Head of Markets and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Brian Klock: Thank you, Brittany and good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's fourth quarter 2021 earnings conference call both by telephone and through the webcast. Joining on the call today are Darren King, M&T’s Chief Financial Officer and Don MacLeod, M&T’s outgoing Director of Investor Relations who will be retiring after our Annual Meeting of Shareholders in April. As he has done for the past 17 plus years let me turn the call over to Don to read our disclaimers. 
Donald MacLeod: Thank you, Brian. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website, www.mtb.com by clicking on the Investor Relations link and then on the Events and Presentations link. Also, before we start, I'd like to mention that today's presentation may contain forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information as well as reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's earnings release materials as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. These materials are all available on our Investor Relations webpage, and we encourage participants to refer to them for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and risk factors. These statements speak only as of the date made, and M&T undertakes no obligation to update them. Now, I'll turn the call over to Darren King.
Darren J. King: Thank you Brian and Don and good morning everyone. Don, it's hard to believe that it’s the end of an era, 17 years at M&T and 40 years in the industry and you've been nothing but a true professional and certainly helped make my transition into the role a lot easier. I've learned a lot from you. I thank you and we wish you all the best in your retirement.  Before we get into the details of the recent quarter's results, I'd like to pause and reflect on a few highlights of the past year. While the impact of the pandemic is still being felt by M&T and the rest of the banking industry, the turnaround in 2021 has been remarkable. We've seen a transition from economic contraction and a zero balance interest rate environment to the prospect of persistent inflation and higher interest rates in 2022. Against that backdrop, GAAP based diluted earnings per common share worth $13.80 compared with $9.94 in 2020 up 39%. Net income was $1.86 billion compared with $1.35 billion in the prior year, improved by 37%. Those results produced returns on average assets and average common equity of 1.22% and 11.54% respectively.  Net operating income which excludes the after tax impact from the amortization of intangible assets as well as merger related expenses was $1.9 billion up 39% compared with $1.36 billion in the prior year. Net operating income for diluted common share was $14.11 compared to $10.02 in 2020 up 41%. Net operating income for 2021 expressed as a rate of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders’ equity was 1.28% and 16.8% respectively. We increased the common stock dividend for the fifth consecutive year to an annual rate of $4.80 per share per year. Tangible book value per share grew to $89.80 at the end of 2021 up 11.5% from the end of 2020. And as we build capital in anticipation of the merger with people's United financial, our CET1 ratio increased to an estimated 11.4% at the end of 2021 from 10% at the end of 2020. Although season, pardon me, the year had its ups and downs it sure felt like another division championship.  Now let’s turn to the results for the quarter. Diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $3.37 for the fourth quarter of 2021 compared to $3.69 in the third quarter of 2021 and $3.52 in the fourth quarter of 2020. Net income for the quarter was $458 million compared with $495 million in the linked quarter and $471 million in the year ago quarter. On a GAAP basis M&T’s fourth quarter results produced an annualized rate of return on average assets of 1.15% and an annualized return on average common equity of 10.91%. This compares with rates of 1.28% and 12.16% respectively in the previous quarter. Including GAAP results in the recent quarter or after tax expenses from the amortization of intangible assets amounting to $1 million or $0.01 per common share, little change from the prior quarter. Also included in the quarter's results were merger related expenses of $21 million related to M&T’s proposed acquisition of Peoples United Financial. This amounted $16 million after tax or $0.12 per common share. Results for 2021 third quarter included $9 million of such charges amounting to $7 million after tax or $0.05 per common share.  Consistent with our long term practice M&T provides supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis from which we've only ever excluded the after tax effect of amortization of intangible assets as well as any gains or expenses associated with mergers and acquisitions when they occur. M&T’s net operating income for the fourth quarter which excludes intangible amortization and merger related expenses was $475 million that compares with $504 million in the linked quarter and $473 million in last year's fourth quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $3.50 for the recent quarter compared with $3.76 in 2021 third quarter and $3.54 in the fourth quarter of 2020. Net operating income yielded annualized rates of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholder’s equity of 1.23% and 15.98% for the recent quarter. The comparable returns were 1.34% and 17.54% in the third quarter of 2021.  In accordance with the SEC's guidelines this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results including tangible assets and equity. Included in the recent quarters GAAP and net operating results was a $30 million distribution from Bayview lending group. This amounted to $22 million after tax effect and $0.17 per common share. We received a light distribution in the fourth quarter of 2020. Prior to 2020 we had generally received such distributions in the first quarter of each year.  Turning to the balance sheet and the income statement. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $937 million in the fourth quarter of 2021, marking a decrease of $34 million or 3% from the linked quarter. The primary driver of that decrease was a $30 million decline in interest income and fees from PPP loans as that portfolio continues to decline following forgiveness of those loans by the small business administration. The net interest margin decreased by 16 basis points to 2.58% that compares with 2.74% in the linked quarter. We estimate that the higher balance of low yielding cash on deposit at the federal reserve diluted the margin by about 9 basis points in the quarter. The lower income from PPP loans including declines in the scheduled amortization and accelerated recognition of fees from forgiven loans contributed about 5 basis points of the margin pressure. All other factors including lower benefit from hedges accounted for an estimated 2 basis points of the decline. Average earning assets increased by $4 billion compared with the third quarter. This includes a $5.3 billion increase in cash on deposit with the Federal Reserve and a $785 million increase in investment securities. On an average total loans decreased by $2.1 billion or about 2% compared with the previous quarter.  Looking at the loans by category on an average basis compared with the linked quarter. Commercial and industrial loans declined by $1.4 billion or about 6%. That reflects a $1.6 billion decline in PPP loans primarily reflecting loan forgiveness. Our floor plan loans to vehicle dealers declined by $58 million on an average basis but grew by $554 million on an end of period basis. All other C&I loans grew about 1% compared with the prior quarter. Commercial real estate loans declined $830 million or about 2% compared with the third quarter. We've seen a higher level of pay downs and payoffs of some of the troubled loans often being refinanced by other lenders. Residential real estate loans declined by $89 million or less than 1%, as a result of principal repayments, as well as the ongoing repooling of loans previously purchased from Ginnie Mae servicing pools. That was largely offset by the retention of new loans originated and held for investment. Consumer loans were up over 1%, reflecting growth in indirect auto loans and positive but seasonally slower growth in recreation finance loans partially offset by lower home equity lines of credit. Average core customer deposits, which excludes CDs over $250,000 grew by $3.6 billion, or 3% compared with the third quarter, primarily reflecting non-interest bearing products.  Turning to net interest income, sorry, non-interest income. Non-interest income totaled $579 million in the fourth quarter, compared with $569 million in the prior quarter. The increase reflects the $30 million distribution from Bayview Lending Group that I previously mentioned. Mortgage banking revenues were $139 million in the recent quarter compared with $160 million in the linked quarter. As we noted on the October call, we have begun to retain a significant majority, around 85% of residential mortgage originations to hold for investment on the balance sheet, which utilizes a portion of the excess liquidity we currently have, this includes the roughly 20% normally held for investment.  As a result of increasing mortgage rates and the holiday slowdown, residential mortgage loan applications during the most recent quarter amounted to $1.7 billion, compared with $2.2 billion in the third quarter. Of those, we recorded gains on sale on the $191 million that were locked for sale in the fourth quarter versus gain on sale on the $1.1 billion that were locked in the third quarter. Total residential mortgage banking revenues, including origination and servicing activities were $91 million in the fourth quarter, compared with $110 million in the prior quarter. The decrease reflects the lower level of loans originated for sale, partially offset by gains from the sale of loans previously purchased from Ginnie Mae servicing pools that, based on borrower re-performance, recently became salable. Residential servicing revenues improved slightly.  Commercial mortgage banking revenues totaled $48 million, encompassing both originations and servicing, compared with $50 million in the third quarter. Recall that in the third quarter's commercial servicing results they included an $11 million fee for yield maintenance as a result of prepayment of previously securitized commercial mortgage loans. Trust income was $169 million in the recent quarter, improved from $157 million in the previous quarter. Business remains solid, with very strong capital markets activity, continued growth in retirement plan assets, and higher asset values. Service charges on deposits were $105 million in the recent quarter, unchanged from the third quarter.  Turning to expenses, operating expenses for the fourth quarter, which exclude the amortization of intangible assets and the merger related expenses, were $904 million compared with $888 million in the third quarter. Salaries and benefits increased by $5 million from the prior quarter. This reflects, in part higher levels of branch staffing as customer traffic returns to normal and our ongoing program of adding on payroll IT professionals. Data processing of software increased by 6 million from the third quarter, tied in part to higher business volumes as well as the cost from software licensing and maintenance. The $6 million linked quarter increase in advertising and marketing reflects the beginning of the winter marketing campaign, combined with incentives paid on new customer accounts. The efficiency ratio, which excludes intangible amortization and merger related expenses from the numerator and securities gains or losses from the denominator, was 59.7% in the linked quarter, compared with 57.7% in the third quarter.  Its cliché in sports, that defense wins championships, in banking credit is the defense. Let's take a look at credit. While some sectors of the economy remain challenged by supply chain and labor constraints, credit trends overall continue to improve even in the most severely impacted sectors. The allowance for credit losses declined by $46 million to $1.47 billion at the end of the fourth quarter. That reflects a $15 million recapture of previous provisions for credit losses combined with $31 million of net charge offs in the quarter. At December 31st, the allowance for credit losses as a percentage of loans outstanding was 1.58%, compared with 1.62% at September 30th. Annualized net charge offs as a percentage of total loans were 13 basis points for the fourth quarter, down slightly from 17 basis points in the third quarter. With the advantage of hindsight, it would appear that criticized loans did indeed peak in the third quarter of 2021, and when we file our 10-K we expect to report a noticeable decline in criticized loans reflecting both payoffs and upgrades. Non-accrual loans as of December 31st declined to $2.1 billion, a decrease of $182 million from the end of September. Non-accrual loans as a percentage of loans outstanding were 2.22%, compared with 2.4% at the end of the prior quarter. Loans 90 days past due, on which we continue to accrue interest, were $963 million at the end of the recent quarter. Of those loans, 928 million or 96% were guaranteed by government related entities. In a difficult environment, one might argue our credit is the top ranked defense in the league. Turning to capital. M&T's common equity Tier One ratio was an estimated 11.4% as of December 31st, compared with 11.1% at the end of the third quarter. This reflects the impact of earnings in excess of dividends paid and a slightly higher risk weighted assets. As previously noted, we increased the quarterly common stock dividend by 9% this quarter to $1.20 per share per quarter, raising the annual dividend rate to $4.80 per share. Now turning to the outlook. As we look forward into 2022, we are pleased to see that the economy is improving, evidenced by the fact that GDP is growing and unemployment is falling. However, these conditions are driving inflation which is impacting our cost structure as well as that of our customers. It has also changed the outlook for interest rates as the forward curve now has embedded a number of increases in both 2022 and 2023. Our outlook considers these macro factors. Also, as we are still awaiting regulatory approval for our merger with Peoples United, we will focus our comments on M&T standalone. That said, there are no material changes to our expectations for the financial impact and benefits of the merger. Of course, the timing of those benefits will depend on the date we close the merger and complete the conversion.  Starting with the balance sheet, there are a number of moving parts that will impact where we're headed. We don't expect the $42 billion of cash on the balance sheet at the end of 2021 to endure through 2022. We are managing deposit balances both brokered and customer relationships that don't make economic sense in this rate and liquidity environment. We'd expect interest checking and MMDA accounts -- balances, excuse me, to decline over the course of the year. Our current plan is to continue securities purchases to increase the proportion of our liquid assets that are held in longer duration assets and have higher yields. We expect to do this by replacing maturities and principal amortization and to increase investment securities by an incremental billion dollars by the end of the year. On the commercial side PPP loans on our balance sheet amounted to $1.2 billion at year-end. We expect that a significant majority of those loans will be largely repaid or forgiven in the first half of 2022. We've seen a meaningful turnaround in vehicle inventory financing and we believe we're past the low point and expect growth in 2022 although not fully back to pre-pandemic levels. The remainder of our C&I portfolio experienced growth this past quarter and we believe we've also reached the inflection point in these balances. We expect this growth to continue.  The pandemic resulted in a slow pace of new commercial real estate transactions over the past two years, putting pressure on balance growth. This leads us to expect low single digit declines in CRE balances in 2022. Our efforts to make this portfolio more capital efficient, should result in a transition to more fee income, less interest income, less use of the balance sheet, and higher returns over time. In connection with those efforts, we may seek to participate CRE loan exposures to third parties while retaining the customer relationships and loan servicing. These factors are reflected in our outlook for interest and fee income.  As noted earlier, we're retaining a large majority of the mortgage loans we originate, which we expect will grow balances by approximately $2.5 billion in 2022 depending on the level of refinance activity. Offsetting that growth, our $2.8 billion of mortgage loans purchased from Ginnie Mae servicing pools on our balance sheet at the end of 2021 more than half of which we believe will qualify for repooling over the course of 2022. On average, we expect the residential real estate loan portfolio will contract during 2022. We expect more of the same in the consumer portfolios, with growth in indirect vehicle financing being partially offset by continued pressures on home equity balance. Taking all of this into account, our balance headwinds from PPP and Ginnie Mae buyouts will lead to average balance declines in 2022. However, excluding those impacts we expect aggregate loan growth to be in the low to mid-single digits.  We expect net interest income to be down in the low to mid-single digits on a year-over-year basis. Growth in securities, retention of mortgage loan originations, and a return to growth in C&I loans will help but not fully offset the lower benefits from the PPP loans and our interest rate hedging program. We continue to expect net interest income to trough in the first quarter of the year and grow from there. That should result in a net interest margin, little change from full year 2021 in the area of 2.75%. Our forecast incorporates three increases in short term interest rates, although the third increase occurs late enough in the year to not have a meaningful impact on either net interest income or margin.  Turning to fees. As we noted residential mortgage gain on sale revenues will be diminished in 2022 by our programs to retain for investment a large portion of originations although repooling of Ginnie Mae buyouts should be a partial asset. Commercial originations and servicing as well as residential mortgage servicing should still be solid. We see continued momentum in trust income based on the capital markets activity, continued growth in retirement plan assets, and possibly higher asset values. We would need to see short-term interest rates rise by 50 to 75 basis points before we can fully recover the money fund fees we are currently waiving. Those amounts to an annual run rate of approximately $50 million. We expect service charges on deposit accounts to be down with modest growth in commercial offset by declines in consumer largely related to changes in our overdraft practices. All in we're looking for low single digit growth in non-interest revenues in 2022. Turning to expenses. Non-interest operating expenses in 2021 grew at an uncharacteristically high rate rising 5.6% over prior years. Lower profitability and growth led to decreased compensation costs in 2020. The recovery and profitability in 2021 carried with it a return to more normal compensation cost which accounted for over half of the increase. Our current estimate contemplates low to mid-single digit operating expense growth in 2022. And like 2021 salaries and benefits, data processing and software, and advertising are the categories that will drive the majority of the increase. We would expect to see our typical seasonal surge in compensation expense during the year’s first quarter. That amount last year was approximately $69 million. And we're encouraged by the improvement in credit conditions over the past several quarters. Overall, we expect net charge offs to be consistent with the average of the past two years although it could be somewhat lumpy from quarter-to-quarter. We expect loss provisioning to normalize as loan growth offsets potential declines in trouble credits.  Lastly, turning to capital. We've paused our buyback program while we wait to close the merger with Peoples United. Since that pause, our CET1 ratio has increased by 140 basis points to 11.4% leaving us positioned well in excess of what we believe we need to run the combined company. Our focus, as always will be on deploying excess -- the excess capital we have beyond that needed to support growth in the business. Of course, as you're aware, our projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events, and other macroeconomic factors which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. Now let's open up the call to questions before which Brittany will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question from John Pancari with Evercore. Your line is now open.
John Pancari: Good morning. 
Darren J. King: Hi, John. 
John Pancari: Don, I wish you all the best in retirement. And Darren nice division championship comments you made in your prepared remarks. All the best of luck to your builds or to the builds and although I'm Andy Reid fan, so. 
Darren J. King: Good luck to you this weekend and we appreciate the comments.
John Pancari: Well I am only the Reid fan but not the cheese, per se. But on the deposit topic, I know you mentioned that checking balances and money market are likely to decline. What is your overall deposit growth assumption as you look at 2022? And then related to that, what are your deposit beta assumptions baked in and maybe if you could talk about the sensitivity to 25 basis point rate hike? Thanks. 
Darren J. King: Yeah. So I guess I'll start with the latter. You know, when we look at where we are with rates and the first set of increases, our expectation is that the reactivity early on is really low. And that for the first probably 100 basis points of increase, the net interest margin would increase9 to 12 basis points for each 25 of the first 100. And then, we'll go from there. When we look at the balance growth that we expect over the course of the year, we're really anticipating that much of the cash that we have on hand will start to deploy or move on. There's some Escrow balances that are tied to the index that we expect will run off in the first part of the year. And when you look at the brokered money market balances, those have a term on them and we expect those to decrease. When you look at kind of the core balances on the balance sheet, we are really expecting fairly modest decreases over the course of the year. There's the usual uptick in commercial balances that you see at the end of the year, that's part of what we saw in the fourth quarter where our middle market and business customers hold on to or build up their balances for distributions that usually happen in January and February. We also saw an uptick again in the fourth quarter in trust demand balances, which really reflect activity in the M&A markets in the agency business. And so those should start to come down a little bit. But at the moment, we're really not anticipating a meaningful rundown in our core operating account balances for 2022.
John Pancari: Okay, great. That's helpful. Thank you. And then separately on the Peoples deal, I know you mentioned that your forecasts related to the deal remain unchanged, anything else you can comment on in terms of the expected timing around the closure of the deal, we've seen the bottleneck of delayed deals begin to clear here and so I would…?
Darren J. King: Yeah, we're kind of in the same boat we were in the fourth quarter, John where we were pleased to see as you've noted the bottleneck clear and that things are happening. And we're hopeful that we'll receive positive news here in the first quarter.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Ken Usdin: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys. Hey, I wanted to just follow up on your comments about that excess liquidity position and the securities, I think there's a perception that you might have gotten more aggressive. I heard you just say that you're only expecting to build the book by about a billion overrun off and I guess, can you just give us updated thoughts on how you're looking at the mix of earning assets presuming that those deposits do shrink? And, with kind of an in and out as you mentioned in your loan growth guide, how you just expect for the overall composition of the book to look from like a loan signing assets perspective? Thanks, Darren.
Darren J. King: Sure. There's a lot to unpack in the question, Ken. So just starting with the cash and the securities. If you think about uses of the cash, there's two that we've been looking at. One is retaining our mortgage production and that's a way to get some duration and some yield. And so we're taking that on the balance sheet instead of in the securities portfolio in MBS. And when you look in the securities portfolio, over the last quarter, we've kind of shifted a little bit to shorter duration treasuries, kind of two to three years as the curve reshaped. And so we'll continue to build that portfolio but we're being patient, because we see where rates are headed. And so we're trying to trade off the incremental spread that you can get by putting more securities on the books with the downside of the mark-to-market risk that goes through your OCI and affects your tangible book value. And so that's what's on our mind, as we look through those balances.  The other thing, to keep in mind, as we talk about the brokered money markets and CDs coming off, that will be a use of some of that cash. And we also expect to see some use with Peoples when the two banks come together. And so, the cash we were watching it closely, we don't love having such excess balances that the donor much, but at the same token we want to make sure we're careful with how we start to deploy it. When you look at the balance sheet and the earning assets in total, so given that decrease in cash that would be the largest driver of a decrease in earning assets in our forecast of 2022 over 2021 but doesn't have as meaningful an impact on NII, obviously, because they're very low margin. When I look underneath and when I get excited about looking into 2022, is that across all of our portfolios, holding the specials, which I'll get to in a second aside, whether it's C&I, whether it's residential mortgage, or whether it's consumer, we are expecting growth in those portfolios. And, we do expect a decrease -- slight decrease in the CRE portfolio over the course of the year, for the reasons that we've talked about as we both reshape our go to market strategy there so that we can actually provide better service to our clients. As well as just the normal course of construction loans paying down and reaching their end.  And so, when you take that which is the core of the bank, it is actually low to mid-single digit growth in those portfolios. The -- what I would refer to or I refer to as the specials, one is the PPP loans and so when you look at those on an average basis in 2021, they averaged about $4 billion and that average in 2022 is down to about $0.5 billion. And so that's got a meaningful impact on the printed loan growth. And then the same thing with the Ginnie Mae buyouts where on average basis in 2021, they are around $3.5 billion and we think as those three pool and we put them back into the servicing portfolio and do the gain on sale, but those drop to about 1.6 billion. And so when you look at on average, so when you look at the what I would refer to as the specials, you kind of see a decrease in those balances. But that's the things that have happened over the course of 2021 and 2020. And so as we exit 2022, we start to have a more contemporary balance sheet that starts to skew a little bit more towards C&I and a little less cash on the balance sheet, which overall should start to see the margin increase and allow us to benefit from the rising rate environment.
Ken Usdin: Got it. That was a complicated question and great answer. So I'll leave it at that. Thank you. 
Darren J. King: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Your line is now open. 
Gerard Cassidy: Hi Darren.
Darren J. King: Hi Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: I am with you, a strong defense does win the big games. But when you're behind, you have to have a hurry up offense. So with that in mind in your capital levels being so high, how aggressive can you be after the Peoples deal in buying back your stock or using that excess capital to bring that CET1 ratio down to a more normal level?
Darren J. King: Well Gerard, that's a good question. We could debate whether capital is offense or defense but certainly to your point, holding 11.4% CET1 which I think will post quite high relative to the peers, when we're finished with the year is a higher level of capital than, obviously, we believe we need to run the combined organization, given the credit emphasis of both of those organizations. When you look at Peoples history of strong underwriting and you look at how our results have held up over the course of the last couple years, and the improvements we're seeing in the portfolio, we definitely see an opportunity to bring that down. And we will look to bring those ratios down over the course of 2022. You know where are the actual target and how fast we'll get down there will be -- will kind of be dependent on when we close and convert the merger. But as you think about targets of where we'd like to be and think about where we were kind of pre pandemic, that's a good place to think about where we might end up over the course of the next six quarters or something like that, once you get through the deal.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then as a follow-up, you touched on credit quality, obviously your net charge offs are remarkably low, similar to some others in the industry. But that's a hallmark for you folks. Then, can you share with us what you said about being taken out on some of the classified loans by competitors, what were the flows in and out of the non-performers, especially with hotel loans and the hospitality and leisure industry?
Darren J. King: Yeah, happy to. Well you see the full print when we put the 10-K out. But if you look at where the decrease was over the quarter, it was predominantly in the hotel and retail space. And when you look at the hotel portfolio, what we're seeing is we're seeing a couple things, we're seeing upgrades because when we look at our -- the activity that's happening in the hotel space, when you get to resort oriented hotels are ones that are more suburban and drive up. We've seen occupancy rates come back and being very strong. There's still some challenges in the larger city hotels as business travel isn't quite back to where it was, but thereafter pandemic lows. And then some of the -- when we look at some of the properties that have been refinanced by others, no matter what class it is, what we're finding is there are other institutions that are coming in and offering terms that might be interest only for one or two years and not fully amortizing, which for many of these properties is a very attractive alternative. What's kind of interesting about it is, if we were to restructure those loans, to a similar thing, similar setup, it would be a troubled debt restructure for us but for someone else it’s a new loan. And so, it is one of those things where I guess I'd rather have a payoff than a charge off. And so that's part of what's helping bring down both criticized and non-accruals.
Gerard Cassidy: Great and Don good luck in retirement. And if you're ever in Boston in November for the BAB Conference, you're always welcome Don. So, thank you. 
Donald MacLeod: Thank you. 
Operator: And we will take our next question from Christopher Spahr with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Christopher Spahr: Thank you. Good afternoon. So my question is just, now that you are kind of getting under the hood with Peoples, I mean you took a merger charge this quarter, is there anything that's kind of surprise you on the upside and also on a related note, Peoples has a larger share of securities as - earning assets much larger than what you have on your balance sheet, is that kind of why you're a little bit more cautious and adding more securities on your own portfolio?
Darren J. King: Excellent question and observation, Chris. That's definitely one of the things that is on our mind, as we think about the securities portfolio, not just the size of it, but the composition of it. Now, if you look within the people's portfolio, there's a large municipal bond portfolio there, which gives you a little bit different duration and composition. And so as we think about the cash that we have and how we want to build up our securities portfolio, we're taking that into account. As I mentioned before, we're also taking into account some of the other funding sources that people has on their balance sheet, that we would be able to reduce that funding and lower our overall cost of funding with the cash balances that we have. You know, obviously we're all in the same banking industry. So they're still also seeing some cash balances grow as well, and are looking to deploy them. But that's absolutely part of our thought process and patience on putting that cash to work.  And I guess as we've gone through the merger preparation process, we just continue to be excited by the combination of the two organizations. The cultures between the two couldn't be more similar. The focus on clients and the focus on geographies, the opportunity to have complementary product sets is encouraging and we're just between both organizations anxious to be able to go to market as one unified team because everyone can see the potential. Is there anything really new from what we saw going in, the answer is probably no. We continue to be excited about the opportunity to grow the small business segment within the Peoples portfolio and bring some of our treasury management into the C&I space. We're both pretty solid at commercial real estate. When you look at what we have from Peoples, there's some unique segments that they serve that we can bring to our client base. They are leasing equipment finance, small ticket leasing, some of the fun lending as well as some of the niche businesses they have, like the mortgage warehouse lending. And so we think the combination, we're still excited about it. They're very complimentary. We love the funding deposit franchise that they have and so -- no, no real big upsides in terms of new things, but certainly can continue the enthusiasm for what we saw back almost a year ago.
Christopher Spahr: And if I could just one quick follow up, how quickly can you close the deal say, if the merger is approved tomorrow, how quickly can you close it and start the integration process? Thank you. 
Darren J. King: Sure. So, by law there's a 15 day cool-off period once the approval is granted. And so technically, 15 days is your fastest. Usually, you're within that time period, plus or minus a week, depending on trying to manage things like month ends and quarter ends and the like. But, that's kind of generally the timeframe. And then once that's done, then you try to lock down a time to do your system conversion. And so, the complicating factor there is when you are merging with an organization that has a number of outside contracts and outsourcing where some of their technology is provided by third party, you got to coordinate with that third party to make that happen. And so we think it's probably in the order of 120 to 150 days post legal close that you can do the system conversion, and then you probably try and time it around a long weekend, to the extent that you can just because it helps derisk that system integration. But, obviously our mutual desire is for a quick close and as quickly as possible, a conversion so that we can get on to the things that I mentioned before, talking to customers and driving business.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Dave Rochester with Compass Point. Your line is now open. 
Dave Rochester: Hey, good morning guys. 
Darren J. King: Good morning. 
Dave Rochester: A quick one on the loan side, it sounded like the floor plan segment was really strong this quarter. Can you just give an update on the dynamics you're seeing in that market and what your outlook is there, it sounds like maybe you have some more momentum there, so just curious what you're hearing from customers and how much you expect that to contribute to loan growth this year?
Darren J. King: Sure, and on an end of period basis, we saw the floor plan loan is up just over $500 million, which typically you would see an uptick in the fourth quarter. There is a pattern to that business that you see balances built in the fourth quarter and a little bit into the first and then as those inventories get sold and ultimately, the dealers clear out there lots of one model a year to prepare for the next you see a decrease in the third quarter. And so, that pattern had shifted a little bit for the last 18 months, I would say and it has mainly been a decrease. So we were pleased to see some balances come back. And it's really about the level of production. And so if you looked from a dealer’s perspective, they love the current situation where the inventory is low and both time on loss is low, that's very helpful for their profitability. But you're seeing the manufacturers ramp up. And that's what was reflected in our auto floor plan growth. We expect that ramp up to continue, the SAR last year in 2021 was the lowest it's been in a while, a $14 million to $15 million or 14 million to 15 million vehicle level. I think we got as high as 17-17.5 pre pandemic. And so we'll see that start to come back.  One of the things that you're seeing in the dealers is the shift to electric and so I think there's some changeover that you're seeing that's compromising that volume in the short term. And so our expectation for floor plan over the course of the year is that we'll see balances and utilization rates tick up, not all the way back to what they were pre pandemic but maybe two thirds of the way back in 2022. And then the rest of the way back in, excuse me, about half of the way back in 2022, 75% of the way back in 2023, and then by the time you get to the start of 2024 you're probably back to where you were pre pandemic. And it's just going through that change within the manufacturing world that will drive the pace of inventory buildup at the dealers. But, long story short, it's a positive thing to see those volumes going. It's good for the clients and good for the economy.
Dave Rochester: Yeah, sounds good. So you've definitely hit the inflection point there and that's great. Maybe just a real quick one on the deal timing. I know you are really limited as to what you can say and per se the color you've given so far, I was just curious if you're still kind of getting requests for information or in an info exchange or whatever with the regulators, or if that process is completed and you are just waiting on an answer at this point?
Darren J. King: Yeah, you know, it's what I would describe as by and large the normal process with back and forth with questions. And, what's abnormal, obviously, is the time and some of the things that are happening around Washington and we're just got our fingers crossed and we're waiting. So fingers crossed some more or more dire than it is. It's I think it's just being patient that well, Washington gets through the backlog. And the optimist is that it's happening, right, we saw some deals get approved and we expect to continue.
Dave Rochester: Sounds good. One last one on the securities purchases. I appreciate all the color you gave there, was just wondering if there is any kind of sensitivity around as it relates to the steepness of the curve, so if we were to see a more material steepening than you guys were looking for, if maybe that could make you more comfortable with picking up some more volume there and sorry if I missed it, but can you talk about what your expectation is at this point for the long end of the curve that you got baked into your end margin estimates would be great?
Darren J. King: Sure. We've got obviously a lot of liquidity to put to work. And when we think about the securities portfolio, the steepness helps. What we'll probably pay a little bit more attention to is not just the steepness, but where the short end is. When we look at some of the cash we've been deploying, we've been deploying it in mortgages as I mentioned through the balance sheet as opposed to through the securities portfolio. And so instead of having NBS, we're actually putting mortgages on the balance sheet and getting some duration and yield that way. And so on in the securities portfolio, we've tended to skew a little bit recently towards the shorter end of the curve. So kind of in the two to three years space. And so that's really where we've been watching and looking. And one of the things that we'll pay attention to is from a shape of the curve perspective is where the forward rates are. And if we start to see the forward rates move, one of the other ways that we'll start to try and take some of that asset sensitivity off the table, maybe it will be through the hedging program and restarting the hedging program, depending on what we see there. So there's a lot of different avenues that we're thinking about, both to protect and grow net interest income as well as to put the cash to work. And it's just thinking through all the alternatives, not just M&T but the combined M&T with people and managing the asset sensitivity across the balance sheet, the securities portfolio, and hedging and making sure that we're getting maximizing yield without over hedging at the same time.
Dave Rochester: Yeah. Alright. Great, appreciate the color. And Don, congrats on a great career at M&T, great working with you.
Donald MacLeod: Thanks.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. Your line is now open. 
Ebrahim Poonawala: Good morning. I just wanted to circle back on loan growth, I think you mentioned CRE balances low single digit since 2022. Just if you don't mind talking to us in terms of if you look beyond 2022 is it possible that this portfolio remains a drag on overall loan growth as you move towards the fee driven strategy and give us an update in terms of the growth market on the fee side, how quickly will that start hitting the ground running by then we should see the revenue impacts from that? 
Darren J. King: Yes. I think, as it relates to the CRE portfolio, the way to think about it is the decrease in balances will be consistent but slow. And what we're looking to do is more on a prospective basis as we work with our existing clients as well as new ones and we're helping them finance their properties that will look to use a mix of both our balance sheet as well as the balance sheet of others. And so what'll happen is the rate of growth, of new originations will slow and that will be what drives the decline because there's normal amortization and there's normal pay offs that happen. But obviously, as we make that shift, then we'll start to grow the fees and the fee income will come. It will probably lag by slightly the net interest income but the flip side of that is that it reduces the capital required to support that. And so that allows us to both improve the economics of the individual deals, but then to manage our balance sheet and manage our equity levels and either deploy it into other high yielding customer segments and asset types or to deploy back to shareholders. And so, when we think about it from an EPS perspective and a return perspective, while the balances might decline, it is in our opinion additive to returns and additive to EPS. 
Ebrahim Poonawala: And that is with EPS today or is it a year out by the time we get there?
Darren J. King: It'll be a year before that stuff starts to happen and it will grow as we go through 2023 and 2024.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Alright and just separate question on loan growth and the retention of mortgages, is there a certain level that you're targeting in terms of how baked that book relative to the overall portfolio, just give us the thought process around when you may do it again retention versus selling some of that production? 
Darren J. King: Yeah, I guess, as we look forward, I think it's safe to say that for 2022 we'll be retaining most of those mortgages and perhaps in 2023 we'll look at where gain on sale margins are and what constraints, if any, the mortgages are putting on the balance sheet. We'll think about whether or not we want to hold NBS in the future instead of having the mortgages on the balance sheet as rates move up, then you start to reduce some of that convexity risk that sits in the NBS portfolio, and we might think about shifting some of the balances there as well. If you went back and looked at our balance sheet through time you would see that the mortgage balances peaked when we acquired Hudson City, and we came down from there so that would probably be the upper bound. I don't think we'd get to that level. But overall our objective is to maintain a diversified balance sheet across geographies and customer segments and asset classes. And so, the mortgage portfolio got a little bit smaller through the course of the last few years, and we'll look to build it back up where the ending point is. Again, we'll come back with a little bit more detail there. The reason I'm not giving a specific target is, Hudson City has mortgages on their balance sheet as well. And when we put the two organizations together, sorry Peoples -- I am sorry, having PTSD, when we combine with Peoples they also have mortgages on their balance sheet. So again, like we talked about with the securities portfolio, we're thinking about not just what we look like by ourselves, but what the combined organization and balance sheet might look like. So we're taking that into account as well. 
Ebrahim Poonawala: Thanks and Don congratulations and good luck. 
Donald MacLeod: Thanks.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Erika Najarian with UBS. Your line is now open. 
Erika Najarian: Good afternoon. Just wanted to ask a few follow up questions. Darren on the 9 to 12 basis point of NIM sensitivity to each 25, I just wanted to make sure I heard it right, if that includes the ramp in terms of deposit repricing that you experienced in the first 100 and is that 9 to 12 basis points on a static balance sheet or a dynamic balance sheet?
Darren J. King: Good questions. It is on a dynamic balance sheet, and it's 9 to 12 per 25 for the first 100.
Erika Najarian: Right, sorry, yes, yes. And so what's the deposit beta underneath the 9 to 12 per 25?
Darren J. King: Well, it depends and that's why we got the range. There's some part of the deposits that are pegged to the index. And so if it's just those that moved, then you're down enough kind of a 5% to 10% range of deposit reactivity. If it happens to get all the way up to 25% to 30%, then you would get to the lower end of that range. But, I think we believe too much like others that with all the excess deposits in the system, and excess liquidity that the reactivity, at least for the first few hikes, with the exception of those that are tied to an index will be pretty low.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And Darren, the stock did turn on when you gave your guidance for expenses being up low to mid-single digit on a standalone basis. And, if you want to take the football analogy further, in a 3% to 5%, I guess how much is offense versus defense right, in terms of how much are you pulling forward some investment spend versus the cost inflationary catch up, you said 5.2% was not a normal rate of growth for expenses for M&T, is 3% to 5% the new normal or low to the low to mid-single digits the new normal?
Darren J. King: Well, it's I guess, I will start with it's hard to say what the new normal is given the inflationary environment we're in. If we step back and we will give context, if you look at our expense growth, compound annual growth rate over the last two years it's actually under 2%. I think it's about 1.6% or 1.7%. And so what happened was when we took the actions we did in 2020 to adjust some of our expenses given the environment we were operating in, most notably compensation that we actually had a decrease in 2020 compared to most others who had an increase. And so it came back in 2022 -- 2021, excuse me. And so when you look over the course of the average over those two years, we're talking 2% expense growth, which in this inflation environment is pretty good and pretty consistent with M&T's long term average. And so when we think about 2022 and the 3 to 5, there's a couple of things going on there. One is just when you look at the changes that happened over the course of 2021 and where we ended the year, it's annualizing the run rate of the fourth quarter, bakes in some of growth just by itself. And then on top of that, as we mentioned, we start to come back to a more normal environment, and we see advertising and promotion expenses come back closer to what they were pre-pandemic, although not all the way back.  And then as we talk about investments, the software and outside data processing and outside data processing is largely tied to volume. And so as we see fee income growth, we're going to see expense growth. And a lot of the software licensing and maintenance is as we continue to make our investments in the franchise and we shift more to buying software rather than developing it ourselves and using the cloud that you see some of those expenses move up. And obviously, as we make those investments they will have countervailing impacts on other parts of the organization, notably in professional services and salary and benefits costs. But there'll be a timing mismatch, and so those should help us moderate expense growth in the forward years. But some of it is just the timing of when these changes occurred in 2021 and then their full year impact in 2022.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Matt O’Connor: Hi. I wanted to come back to the balance sheet, and I know you've touched on a lot of these pieces, but I'm sitting here and I'm hearing deposits down. The only bank I cover where they're talking about deposits down, loans down, security is not really growing after you've shrunk kind of 75%. And I get it, right, like you're the best bank at PPP relative to your size, it's going to be a drag. You probably have the most buyouts, which is very profitable relative to your size, but it just doesn't feel right kind of where we are in the economy. And I guess I come back and wonder, are you missing some things on the loan origination side, like a lot of your peers have gotten in the capital markets, which creates some large corporate opportunities in the lending side, they've acquired point of sale. I'm not sure how economically attractive all these things are, but they're doing things to improve their asset generation. And I know you've been very conservative in the past. You've talked about playing defense, and you tend to do extremely well, kind of in a credit cycle. But I'm just wondering if there is something more that's needed on the asset generation side if we get this multiyear recovery that many people seeing working out?
Darren J. King: I appreciate the clarification. We'll go back through some of the categories. When we look at the C&I portfolio and our expected growth rate there, which would include what we talked about in the floor plan business as well as other C&I. We're actually expecting growth in 2022 on an average and an end to period basis, that's low double digits. When we look at residential mortgage growth as we retain the balances on an average basis, we think that's mid-single digit growth and the consumer business is up upper single digits. The only one portfolio where there's some decreases is the CRE portfolio and that's for all the reasons we've talked about. When you put all those together, you've got kind of mid-single digit growth in the core portfolio, which I think is consistent with what we're seeing and how we're thinking about the world and taking advantage of the growth that's out there. It’s the size of the PPP and how well we did in 2020 and 2021 that is affecting the average and the total. And then the other piece is the Ginnie Mae, but outside of those things, we're seeing the growth that you're talking about. When you talk about deposits, the core deposits and the core operating accounts of our customers, were not expecting material decreases. It's some of the deposits where they're tied to an index and they would not be what we can consider core operating accounts that we're anticipating some decline and whether that's the brokered money market and brokered CDs, as well as escrow balances. And so it's just continuing to look to optimize those balances and deploy that excess cash in a way that is additive to clients without and being shareholder friendly. And so I guess when I look forward at 2022, you make it sound dire. Actually, I feel as optimistic as I've been in the last 18 months about the prospects for all the reasons that you talked about. It's a little bit difficult with some of the moving parts on the balance sheet. But when I look forward at what we've got in front of us, whether it's deploying the excess cash, it's growing the assets as we talked about deploying the excess capital, there's a number of opportunities and options that we have in front of us to continue to grow the bank and make 2022 and beyond the same M&T that you're used to seeing. And so it's just getting through some of these transitions that are happening on the balance sheet. But underneath I think things look really good.
Operator: And we currently have no further questions on the line at this time. I will turn the program back over to our presenters for any additional or closing remarks.
Brian Klock: Alright, thank you and thank you all for participating today. And as always, if any clarification of any of the items in the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations Department at area code 716-842-5138. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-20 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the M&T Bank Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Currently, all phone participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. Following management’s prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the call over to Don MacLeod. Please go ahead.
Donald MacLeod: Thank you, Emma, and good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's third quarter 2021 earnings conference call both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website, www.mtb.com by clicking on the Investor Relations link and then on the Events and Presentations link. Also, before we start, I'd like to mention that today's presentation may contain forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information as well as reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's earnings release materials as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. Those materials are all available on our Investor Relations webpage, and we encourage participants to refer to them for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and risk factors. These statements speak only as of the date made, and M&T undertakes no obligation to update them.  Now, I'll turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Darren King.
Darren King: Thanks, Don, and good morning, everyone. As we noted in this morning's press release, the favorable results we reported for the quarter highlight the strength and diversity of M&T's business model in the current challenging environment. Revenue in our fee generating businesses was particularly strong including mortgage banking, trust and brokerage and payments. Credit trends are stable to improving, illustrated by net charge-offs, about half our long-term average, a modest reserve release and little change in the level of nonaccrual loans. In alignment with the strong revenue trends and the improved profitability over the last year, incentive compensation is rising as well. We'll offer some details on that in a moment. Lastly, our capital levels continue to rise. The CET1 ratio is near a record high as we await the closing of the People's United merger.  Now let's review our results for the quarter. Diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $3.69 for the third quarter of 2021, improved from $3.41 in the second quarter of 2021 and $2.75 in the third quarter of 2020. Net income for the quarter was $495 million compared with $458 million in the linked quarter and $372 million in the year ago quarter. On a GAAP basis, M&T's third quarter results produced an annualized rate of return on average assets of 1.28%, and an annualized return on average common equity of 12.16%. This compares with rates of 1.22% and 11.5%, respectively, in the previous quarter. Included in GAAP results in the recent quarter were after-tax expenses from the amortization of intangible assets amounting to $2 million or $0.02 per common share, little change from the prior quarter. Also included in the quarter's results were merger-related charges of $9 million related to M&T's proposed acquisition of People's United Financial. This amounted to $7 million after tax or $0.05 per common share. Results for this year's second quarter included $4 million of such charges amounting to $3 million after-tax effect or $0.02 per common share. Consistent with our long-term practice, M&T provides supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis, from which we have only ever excluded the after-tax effect of amortization of intangible assets as well as any gains or expenses associated with mergers and acquisitions. M&T's net operating income for the third quarter, which excludes intangible amortization and the merger-related expenses, was $504 million. Compare that with $463 million in the linked quarter and $375 million in last year's third quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $3.76 for the recent quarter, improved from $3.45 in 2021 second quarter and up from $2.77 in the third quarter of 2020. Net operating income yielded annualized rates of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders' equity of 1.34% and 17.54% for the recent quarter. The comparable returns were 1.27% and 16.68% in the second quarter of 2021. In accordance with the SEC's guidelines, this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results, including tangible assets and equity.  Let's take a look at some of the details that drove our results. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $971 million in the third quarter of 2021 compared with $946 million in the linked quarter. Higher income from PPP loans accounted for the majority of the $25 million quarter-over-quarter increase in net interest income and the second round of PPP loans began to receive forgiveness from the Small Business Administration. The net interest margin for the past quarter was 2.74%, down just 3 basis points from 2.77% in the linked quarter. We estimate that the higher balance of cash on deposit at Federal Reserve contributed about 13 basis points of pressure to the margin. Largely offsetting that was the higher income from PPP loans both scheduled amortization and accelerated recognition of fees from forgiven loans, which added an estimated 10 basis points to the margin. All other factors, including lower income from hedges, a slightly lower cost of deposits and an additional accrual day netted to zero impact. Compared with the second quarter of 2021, average interest earning assets increased by 3%, reflecting a 22% increase in money market placements, primarily cash on deposit with the Fed and a 3% decline in investment securities. Average loans outstanding declined about 3% compared with the previous quarter.  Looking at the loans by category, on an average basis compared with the linked quarter. Overall, commercial and industrial loans declined by $3.3 billion or 12%. The primary driver was a $2.4 billion decline in PPP loans. Dealer floor plan loans declined by $803 million, reflecting the ongoing impact from vehicle production and inventory issues seen across the industry. All other C&I loans were essentially a little changed from the prior quarter. Commercial real estate loans were also little changed from the second quarter. Residential real estate loans declined by just under 4%.  There are a few moving parts underlying that figure that are worth highlighting. Balance decreases due to normal prepayments and principal amortization, including the Hudson City portfolio, drove some of the decrease as well as repooling of loans previously purchased from Ginnie Mae servicing pools, offset -- those were offset by retention of new loan production, which will be a bigger factor in the fourth quarter. Consumer loans were up 3%, consistent with the recent quarters and continuing to be led by growth in indirect auto and recreational finance loans.  On an end-of-period basis, total loans were down 4% reflecting most of the same factors I just mentioned. The 11% decline in C&I loans include a decline of PPP loans outstanding to $2.2 billion at September 30. Average core customer deposits, which exclude CDs over $250,000, increased 2% or $2.8 billion compared with the second quarter. That figure includes $3.8 billion of noninterest-bearing deposits, partially offset by lower interest checking deposits.  Turning to noninterest income. Noninterest income totaled $569 million in the third quarter compared with $514 million in the linked quarter. The recent quarter included an insignificant valuation gain on equity securities, largely on our remaining holdings of GSE preferred stock, while the prior quarter included $11 million of valuation losses. Mortgage banking revenues were $160 million in the recent quarter compared with $133 million in the linked quarter. Revenues for our residential mortgage business, including both origination and servicing activities, were $110 million in the third quarter compared with $98 million in the prior quarter. Residential mortgage loans originated for sale were down about 7% to $1.1 billion when compared with the second quarter. However, the lower volume was more than offset by higher gain on sale margins. Commercial mortgage banking revenues were $50 million in the third quarter, compared with $35 million in the linked quarter. Those results reflect a strong originations quarter, combined with prepayment fees on loans previously securitized. Trust income was $157 million in the recent quarter, compared with $163 million in the previous quarter. Recall that the second quarter's results included $4 million of seasonal fees arising from tax preparation work we undertake for clients, which did not recur in the third quarter. Also, in conjunction with the transfer of M&T's retail, brokerage and advisory business to the platform of LPL Financial in mid-June of this year, about $10 million in revenue associated with managed investment accounts, previously classified as trust income, are now included in brokerage services income. Service charges on deposit accounts were $105 million, compared with $99 million in the second quarter. The primary driver of the increase was customer payments related activity.  Turning to expenses. Operating expenses for the third quarter, which exclude the amortization of intangible assets and merger related expenses previously mentioned, were $888 million. The comparable figure was $859 million in the linked quarter. Salaries and benefits were $510 million for the quarter, compared to $479 million in the prior quarter. As was the case in previous quarters this year, the higher salaries and benefits reflects revenue generation in certain business lines and incentive compensation associated with that revenue, notably commercial mortgage banking and trust. Also, at the enterprise level, we are accruing the corporate incentive at a higher rate in 2021, reflecting our expectation that M&T's full year earnings and profits will be higher than they were in 2020. Other costs of operations in the recent quarter included $5 million from the accelerated amortization of capitalized mortgage servicing rights as a result of the prepayments of previously securitized commercial mortgage loans that we referenced earlier. Lastly, year-over-year growth and trust income and assets under management in our retirement business has carried with us an increase in the share of those fees paid to subadvisors, which are included in other costs of operations. Also recall, that the other costs of operations for the second quarter included an $8 million addition to the valuation allowance for our capitalized residential mortgage servicing rights. There were no adjustments to the valuation allowance in the third quarter. The efficiency ratio, which excludes intangible amortization and merger-related costs from the numerator and securities gains or losses from the denominator, was 57.7% in the recent quarter compared with 58.4% in 2021's second quarter. Next, let's turn to credit. Credit trends continue to stabilize, but as has been the case for the past little while, some industries are improving more rapidly than others, reflecting challenges such as the supply chain, pressure on materials costs, and the cost and availability of labor. The allowance for credit losses declined by $60 million to stand at $1.5 billion at the end of the third quarter. This reflects the $20 million recapture of previous provisions for credit losses, combined with $40 million of net charge-offs in the quarter. At September 30, the allowance for credit losses as a percentage of loans outstanding was unchanged from June 30 at 1.62%. Annualized net charge-offs as a percent of total loans were 17 basis points for the third quarter, [19] basis points in the second quarter. The allowance for credit losses at the end of the quarter reflects our assessment of credit losses in the portfolio under the CECL loss measurement methodology which includes our macroeconomic forecast.  As we've previously indicated, our macroeconomic forecast uses a number of economic variables, with the largest drivers being the unemployment rate and GDP. Our forecast assumes the national unemployment rate continues to be elevated compared to prepandemic levels, averaging 5.5% over 2021, followed by a gradual improvement, reaching 3.5% by mid-2023. The forecast also assumes that GDP grows at a 6.8% annual rate over 2021 and 2.7% annual rate during 2022.  Nonaccrual loans were essentially flat at $2.2 billion compared with June 30, but increased as a percentage of loans to 2.4% compared with 2.31% of loans at the end of June. We also expect to disclose that our level of criticized loans is a little changed from the second quarter when we file our third quarter 10-Q in a few weeks. Loans past due on which we continue to accrue interest, were $1 billion at the end of the recent quarter.  Turning to capital. M&T's common equity Tier 1 ratio was an estimated 11.1% at quarter end compared with 10.7% at the end of the second quarter. This reflects continued strong organic capital generation, combined with lower risk-weighted assets. As previously noted, while the People's merger is pending, we don't plan to engage in any stock repurchase activity. Now let's turn to the outlook. As we enter the final quarter of the year, we see a little need to change our outlook for the remainder of 2021. We expect year-over-year loan growth to be flat to up slightly on a reported basis and flat to down slightly, excluding the impact from PPP loans, which reflects the decline in dealer floor plan loans. We continue to expect net interest income to be down a low single-digit percentage from full year 2020. We noted on the July conference call that we expected net interest income in the third and fourth quarters to, on average, be in line with the $946 million in the second quarter. We still expect that to be true but the faster than expected forgiveness of PPP loans did pull some of that income forward into the third quarter from the fourth quarter. We've slightly exceeded our outlook for low single-digit growth in noninterest income. As we begin to retain the majority of residential mortgage loans we originate on the balance sheet, residential gains on sale will be primarily driven by Ginnie Mae repooling gains. Momentum in the trust and payments-related businesses remain strong. Expenses have grown faster than we forecast in January, but with most of that growth directly connected to better-than-expected revenue and better-than-expected net income trend. The credit environment continues to improve along with the overall economy, but some segments are recovering more slowly than others. We believe criticized assets are at or near their peak, but there still remains some risk of downgrades within criticized loans from accruing to non-accruing.  Our preparations for completion of the merger with People's United continue while we await the regulatory approval. Our projections as to the financial impact remain largely in line with what we offered at the time of announcement this past February. Following our usual practice, we'll offer our thoughts for 2022 on the January conference call.  Of course, as you are all aware, our projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events and other macroeconomic factors, which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. Now, let's open up the call to questions, before which Emma will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we will take our first question from Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: A couple of questions for you regarding your swap book. Can you share with us where it stands today and how that leads into net interest income over the next 6 or 12 months? And simultaneously, you've been very conservative in the positioning of your cash, particularly obviously at the Central Bank. The Federal Reserve is up dramatically year-over-year. You've been talking about it all year. When do you start to lengthen out the duration in that line item on the balance sheet?
Darren King: Sure thing. Well, I started writing your questions down, so now I won't miss them. So on the swap book, the swap book has been fairly steady in terms of notional amount right around $19 billion, and it's been that way since the fourth quarter of last year. The received fixed yield we're getting on that has been declining as new hedges roll on and older hedges at higher rates roll off. And this quarter has added round number $65 million to net income and impacted the margin by slightly less than 20 basis points. We'll see the notional amount come down next quarter and will start to come down over the course of the following 4 quarters into the end of 2022. The received fixed coupon will come down a little bit as well. But the bigger impact will be just the decline in the size of the outstanding notional.  And the impact of swaps and the hedging, just to remind everyone, for full year 2021 is really close to what it was in 2022. And in 2022, the impact will be about half. And it will be highest in the first quarter of 2022 and lowest in the second quarter -- or in the fourth quarter, sorry, of 2022.  But to go along with that and to then answer or address your second question about cash, we've talked a lot about the cash position over the course of the year. If you look at the uptick in the latest quarter, it has been largely actually trust demand deposit growth in the quarter that drove a lot of the increase. However, we are seeing some of the PPP balances as they decline, end up in cash. And so what you saw this quarter, I think if you look at the securities balances at the end of the quarter as they were actually up by about $300 million. So we replaced runoff plus $300 million. We've been in generally replacing the mortgage-backed securities that are running off. And we're kind of targeting a duration there or thinking about 20-year MBS on average, sometimes we're buying 20. Sometimes we're manufacturing 20s by a mix of 15-year and 30 years. And we were in a little bit, although not in a big way in some of the 5-year spaces as rates have moved around. That was more back-end loaded this quarter as rates have started to move up.  And then the other thing, which I mentioned in the prepared remarks, where we're starting to retain some retail mortgage production. And so as we think about duration and we think about what's -- what is in our eyes the best choice or maybe the least bad choice of how to invest the dollars right now. We do like the mortgage base, and if we have a choice between the MBS or retaining our own production, we like the yield better on our own production. And so we retained about $400 million of production that started through this quarter but had the biggest impact in September. And we'll continue that practice through the fourth quarter and into the early part of next year. Obviously, we'll be paying close attention to where rates are and how we feel about holding duration either in the mortgage line or in the securities line but that's something that we'll be watching to put that cash to work.  And I guess as we look forward at that plan and how it all unfolds taking into account PPP and the hedges that are rolling off, we see net interest income kind of troughing first quarter and not declining from there or, in fact, increasing depending on what you see is the forecast for rate as the year goes on. And so when I look at the storm we've weathered and the patience we've exhibited on putting that cash back to work, I see us turning the corner in the next couple of quarters.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And just to clarify 1 of your comments on the notional amount, $19 billion. You mentioned $65 million improvement to net income, but you meant to say net interest income. Is that correct?
Darren King: Yes, net interest income. That's correct. Yes. Thanks, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay. Yes, I just wanted to check on that. And then a follow-up question, you were very good at giving us the details on the commercial and industrial loan portfolio, what happened this quarter with PPP and also with the floor plan loans. Can you share with us what you're seeing outside those areas, your other customers? And then second, Darren, what's the dollar -- total dollar amount of the floorplan portfolio?
Darren King: The total -- all right, so I got to write these down, Gerard. So other industries, what's going on and then the floor plan. So floor plan balances are roughly, call it, $1.5 billion. And if you look at where those have been -- and what's interesting, Gerard is when you look at floor plan balances, really it’s much about line utilization and the commitment you have with those floor plan dealers. And line utilizations are running around 25% which this is a part of the year when those are typically lowest, but never that low. And when you think about where they are on average in normal times, they're about 70%. And so, when I look at where those floor plan balances are, compared to what I would consider normal, it’s probably $2 billion to $3 billion lower than what might normally be the case.  When you look outside of the PPP loans, you're seeing some movement up in C&I business, in the areas that you might expect in some construction and manufacturing, interestingly a little bit in resources in ag and less in some of the other areas. When I look at new originations and what the trends are in new C&I originations, they've ticked up every quarter this year. It would be nice for all of us if they were screaming up but that's just not the case. But they are consistently going up and this quarter's C&I originations were the highest in the last seven quarters with [Technical Difficulty]  You're well aware that fourth quarter tend to have a little bit of seasonality as folks in industry, both in C&I and in commercial real estate look to get deals done before tax years and so holding the fourth quarter to the side, it was a another constructive quarter of improvement and it's slow and steady moving up in a direction that we like, and the margins are holding fairly solid as well. So, this is encouraging trends. We've obviously welcomed a little bit faster, but the trend is our friend here.
Gerard Cassidy : Thank you so much. 
Donald MacLeod: One point of clarification I’d add is on the outlook for the hedge benefit next year that assumes the short-term rates whether the fed funds target or LIBOR or so forth, do not start to ramp up rapidly.
Operator: We will go next to Matthew O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew O'Connor: I was hoping you can update us on the latest estimate on pro forma capital once the industrial deal closes and the marks are done?
Darren King: Sure, Matt. Just to make sure I've got the question right, the question is specifically, will the deal still be capital accretive? Or is the question once the deal is done, where -- how will we move down the CET1 ratio?
Matthew O'Connor: The initial estimate at closing, so you're at 11.1 right now, if you had closed a deal, your latest thoughts, if you close the deal right now, where does the 11.1 go to?
Darren King: Okay. Perfect. It's going to be right around there. It's probably within 10 basis points or 20 basis points of 11.1. And the reason why I'm not have given you an exact number is when we do the final marks, where interest rates are, we'll have a big impact on the interest rate marks, which was one of the pieces of helping us to be capital accretive. And the other thing, obviously, is the credit marks and with the credit improving, that lowers the amount of loans that are classified as purchased credit deteriorated and increases the non-PCD loans, which increases the depth of A2 payments double count. And so that will perhaps bring down the impact on capital or reduce capital at close. But as you recall, that will just increase the accretion to EPS as we go forward. So we should be right around that 11 spot. Just north of that would be my belief based on what I see today.
Matthew O'Connor: Okay. And then what are the thoughts on kind of what a near- or medium-term target is for that CET1 ratio? And obviously, what I'm getting at is how aggressive will you be on buybacks to get there?
Darren King: Yes. Well, I think it's fair to say that harboring capital has never been a characteristic of M&T. And as we mentioned, at 11.1, we're near an all-time high. And so we'll be looking to bring that down. Ideally, we'll bring it down because we'll have asset growth and we'll see the CET1 ratio come down as we continue to build the balance sheet and support our customers, both for existing M&T and the new People's customers. But based on the trends, that will probably be slow. And so we'll look to bring that ratio down. When you're generating 30 basis points to 40 basis points of capital every quarter, obviously, you've got to be fairly bold in your buybacks to bring that down. And to run at a pace where it comes down much faster than net 20 basis points to 30 basis points a quarter would be pretty tough. And so that will be, I think, a reasonable glide path to use as you think about what the rate of decrease might be. And is a place to look, if you go back to how CET1 came down post Hudson City and that path, that rate of decrease, it was probably a reasonable guide of how it might unfold post completion of the People's merger.
Matthew O'Connor: Okay. There's a lot of numbers you threw out there. Just to summarize, you generate 30 basis points, 40 basis points of capital per quarter. And then you suggested maybe bringing down the CET1 by 20 to 30, just to summarize that.
Darren King: That's right. Yes.
Operator: We'll take our next question from John Pancari with Evercore.
John Pancari: On the loan front, I appreciate all the color you gave around the loan growth dynamics and what you're seeing there. I wanted to see if you could talk a little bit about your plans for the commercial real estate portfolio longer term. I know you're -- right now, you're a bit out -- you're outsized there at 30% of loans and your peers are closer to 15%. And I believe you had expressed the interest in shrinking that portfolio. Can you maybe talk about what the long-term target is for the size of that book as a percentage of loans and how we should think about the cadence of those -- of that decline?
Darren King: Yes. I'm happy to talk about that. I think the future plans for M&T as CRE have been highly dramatized in the last little while, notably by a favorite reporter in New York City. If you look at the impact of CRE in the stress test, in the December 2020 stress test, it suggested that there might be more capital friendly ways to participate in the CRE industry. And so when we look at the relationships we have with clients and how we approach the market, our job is to be advisors and financial intermediaries for those customers. And historically, we've fulfilled that role by holding the loans on our balance sheet. And we will still do that in the future, but we'll think more broadly and include other sources of capital and act as an intermediary on behalf of those clients. As we shift to that kind of a thought process, it will be a very gradual and controlled shift. And so as you think about CRE balances and how they might change over time, there's some natural decrease that was going to happen no matter what, and that comes in the form of construction portfolio, right? And so there's a number of projects that are ongoing. And if you look at CRE balances over the years, they've been relatively flat, and that's some of those construction projects going through their natural cycle with those lines drawing that are building those balances. But as those projects come to their natural conclusion and turn into permanent mortgages, you'll start to see those balances come off our balance sheet, and you'll see a natural decline in CRE, not unlike what we saw in the 2017-2018 timeframe. It was a similar period.  And then as we look at new originations, we'll still think about obviously supporting our clients from a construction perspective. But as we look at permanent mortgages and other forms of real estate lending, we'll look not just on our balance sheet but outside. And if you think about in real estate, we use our M&T Realty Capital Corp for agency loans with Fannie and Freddie. And we'll continue to do that and we also use and place some loans with insurance companies. And so we'll look to broaden those into non-agency types of relationships as well. But it's going to take some time. And so I guess, the long story short here is the path we're on is to be able to actually provide a broader level of service and access for our clients to be capital efficient, and we'll see some of those net interest income dollars become fee income dollars as we make that transition. And the decrease that you will see in balances will be gradual as we kind of work our way from where we sit today through the next few years. We don't necessarily have a hard target of what we're trying to get to, but we're just trying to get to be a little bit better balanced that we might have been coming into the crisis.
John Pancari: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then separately, on the expense side, could you maybe just talk about any observation of wage inflation impacts that you're seeing in the business? And how that impact -- could that impact at all your expectations around the People's deal, either the cost save expectations or the merger-related costs?
Darren King: Yes. I guess, I think the pressures we see on wages, both at the bank, and our customers are not much different than seen around the country. And the number of folks exiting the workforce is really putting a strain on those that are looking for folks who are still in the job market. And we're seeing folks are people being coveted by others, which isn't necessarily new, but it seems to be exacerbated right now. I think it's particularly acute in the IT space, which, again, was always a place where there's been a lot of competition given what's happening in the world with the prevalence of technology and business. But we're seeing it spread to other parts of the bank as well. When you look at our expense growth that's related to comp, really the regular salaries, what I would describe as regular salaries, have been impacted by it, but the full effect won't be seen until next year because it's been going up throughout the year. And so you won't have a full year run rate until you get to 2022. And in the meantime, what's been driving our increase has been increase in revenue-related or profit-related compensation. So for our corporate pool, we target a percentage of net income, for that pool. And the net income has gone up, so has that accrual. And then for some of our fee businesses, as those fee revenues increase, so do the commissions earned by the employees. I think it's interesting. I spent a bunch of time with the team going through our expenses. And if you actually looked at our expense growth in 2020 over 2019, our expenses actually went down. And against our peer group, we were 1 of 3 banks that actually decreased expenses in 2020. And what we're seeing this year is a little bit more of a return to normal with a little bit of pressure that we talked about from the outside world, which is making the print this year higher than everyone else because -- just because of math. If you look over the course of the last couple of years, our expense growth is pretty much right in line with the peers, it's not a couple of basis points below.  As it relates to PUB, we -- sorry, that's our internal acronym for People’s United Bank, we believe that the expectations for accretion are still in line with what we thought. Obviously, they're subject to the same pressures that everyone else is. But by and large, the cost takeouts are right where we thought they would be. The revenue synergies are what we thought they would be. And from a capital perspective, as we mentioned a few minutes ago, we don't see any change there. And so the rate of return on the deal is still very attractive versus alternative uses of capital. And so no real change there, but it's a challenging operating environment, that's for sure.
Operator: We'll go next to Frank Schiraldi of Piper Sandler.
Frank Schiraldi: Just on -- Darren, on the -- follow-up on the dealer floor plan utilization comments. As you plan for budget out 2022 and think about balances in that year and growth in that year, I mean what are your thoughts in terms of those -- could we see -- is it expected that we'll see sort of a bounce back to those older utilization rates and supply chain issues subside? Or just what are your expectations for 2022 there?
Darren King: Well, at the risk of being an over M&T optimist, we believe that those balances will start to come up. But knowing our conservative nature, we don't see a bounce back in those utilization rates back to normal right away, but we do see an increase year-over-year. From what we can see in the industry, we hear from the dealers, what we believe how the manufacturers will be looking and thinking about things, we think it's probably into 2023, early '24 before you're back to the utilization rates that you were at pre-pandemic. And so given that -- and without any better intelligence, I would think about kind of straight lining that over the course of the next couple of years. As we get better information, obviously, we'll share that with you. But just watching how you're seeing manufacturing come back online, we haven't seen signs of a material uptick yet in terms of production, and therefore, we don't think we'll see the inventories bounce as quickly, but we should see some steady improvement over the course of the next 4 to 6 quarters.
Frank Schiraldi: Okay. And then just a follow-up on the securities book, adding the securities in the quarter. Could you just share what the pickup in the yield is there? And I know there's a lot of unknowns in terms of interest rates and moving parts. But is that kind of a more expectation of moving into securities purchases on a quarterly basis, maybe a 5% increase in those balances? Or is this more about just prefunding the People’s book?
Darren King: So I guess on the securities book and on the yield pickup, the yields that we're putting on now are lower than the roll-off yields. And so that's the downside. The upside is, we're putting things on, call it, [150, 160] you can get out of 15 basis points. And so the pickup there is pretty good. When you look at the rate and the pace of us in investing in securities, I think what you saw this quarter is a good indication that we, at a minimum, don't want to decrease the securities portfolio, so we'll work to keep it flat. But realistically, we'll probably think about $200 million, $300 million increase a quarter in addition to replacing the runoff is a good target if that's kind of as we look at it and think about it, that's where our heads are today. Again, I'll remind you that the other part of that thought process is retaining retail production, right? And so we're getting mortgage exposure both in the securities portfolio as well as in the mortgage line on the balance sheet. And so you'll see us deploying that cash and kind of as our treasurer would describe to me lagging into the trade as we go through the coming quarters, doing a bit of dollar cost averaging into that and rather than trying to solve it all at once.
Operator: We'll go next to Ken Usdin, Jeffries.
Kenneth Usdin: Darren, just one follow-up on NII. Understanding the PPP pull forward. So you said that NII would be down in the fourth quarter. I'm just wondering what type of PPP are you expecting? Is it the most of the remainder? Or what type of level do we step back down to, given that pull forward from third?
Darren King: Well, it's a bit of a guess just because the timing of when our customers might seek forgiveness is a little bit unknown. But broad strokes, we're thinking it's kind of half the rate of accelerated capture of those origination fees in the fourth quarter versus what it was in the third. Just for perspective, the third quarter was the highest in terms of the dollar volume of those origination fees that we pulled forward. When I look at where we stand from the whole program, we're the better part of 75% of the way through, I mean, we're approaching 80% of the way through. And so there might be another $75 million of those origination fees to come. We think we see the bulk of that, I should say, probably 2/3 of that in the fourth and first quarters and then it falls off from there and trickles down. And so think in the range of $30-odd million in the fourth quarter compared to the 60-ish, we were in those fees this past quarter and then continuing to drop from there.
Kenneth Usdin: Yes. Okay. Got it. And then so if we just take that out of the third and fourth, and then what's happening with underlying NII then? Is that more stable? Or what's happening underneath the surface when you kind of talk to that? Because given that you kind of still talked about your down low single-digit full year guide?
Darren King: Yes. No, you've got it exactly right, Ken. I mean the down is also a function of the swaps and the hedge portfolio that we had talked about. When we look underneath at the core, I got to be careful when I use the word score because that means different things to different people. But when we look just underneath that the balance sheet and we look at the loans and the deposits and the costs, the yields on the loans, they've been relatively stable for the last, I would say, 4 quarters, and we had a slide that outlined that in the document that we posted earlier this quarter. And so LIBOR has been fairly stable and most of the loans are priced off LIBOR. And so you've seen those yields fairly stable for the last little while, and the deposit costs have been fairly stable for a while. And so when you look at that book, things have been relatively constant. And so those yields, the spread, the margin has been very steady, and the portfolio absence of PPP has been reasonably steady as well.  And so there's a consistent stream of net interest income, more typical M&T low volatility and these other factors that have caused some of that. But those are starting to run their course, right? And so as I mentioned, PPP, we had a very strong quarter. There's a little bit left to go. The hedging is running down, and it's starting to run its course. And the more normal, what I would put in their quotes, M&T balance sheet and lack of volatility will start to show itself. And that's why we think we start to hit a trough in net interest income in the first quarter and start to build back from there, especially as we take some of the acquisitions that we just talked about with rebuilding the securities portfolio and holding some of the mortgage loans on our balance sheet that we start to inflect and go back to the other direction.
Kenneth Usdin: Got it. Okay. And one quick follow-up. Do you know just the amount of Ginnie Maes that you sold? And how much of that helped the mortgage banking line as far as in and out of keeping 400 of resi, but selling some of the EPBO stuff?
Darren King: I would -- I'll be close Ken, but I won't be exact. I think we were within like $350 million to $400 million of Ginnies that went out this quarter. And the gain, I think, was about $9 million. So just kind of round numbers of where we are. There's still a decent balance of Ginnies on the books. And so the rules there were you had to have -- they changed all the time, which is why they're still on our books. The rules where you had to be 6 months of consistent payments before you could repool it. Sometimes that got moved around a little bit point where those should start to repool and come off the balance sheet. You'll see some of that in the fourth quarter and into the first quarter. And so again, those will put a little bit of pressure on the overall balances, but we'll show up in fee income and is reflected in our comments about growth over the rest of the year.
Operator: We'll go next to Bill Carcahe with Wolfe Research.
Bill Carcache: Just wanted to follow up on your comments on pursuing the less balance sheet-intensive strategy to reduce your exposure in CRE. Can you elaborate a bit on how that looks and what kind of revenue impact you'd expect that to have? Could we lose the credit exposure, which would be beneficial given the harsh treatment that regulators have been imposing on CREs in asset class, but curious how to think about the top line effect?
Darren King: Yes. Sure, Bill. I guess the short answer is I don't have a great answer for you. And the reason is we're still early in the process. When you look at what we do today, and you see a good analog is what we do in our Realty Capital business, and it produces a steady stream of fee income for us every year and a nice margin, obviously, it's very capital friendly. But the pace at which we switch and build the fee income from the net interest income, it's still nascent in terms of our development. And so if you look at what we're getting in that line of business today, it's probably in the $30 million to $40 million range outside of our Realty Capital Corp. business. And if you look at where some of our competitors are and how big of an impact it has on their fee income, we're bullish that it can be a good source of income, capital-friendly income that will offset what might be a decline in net interest income. And so I guess I would start to look at the fees that you might see at some of our peer banks as a way to start thinking about what it could become. But at this point, I don't have big plans. We don't have big plans for that in terms of hitting the income statement in 2022, and we'll talk more about 2022 when we get there. We're still doing our work. But for now, I think about it as -- If there's a decrease in CRE net interest income, it will be offset by fees as we do gain on sale in that line of business. And then we'll come back to you with a little bit more detail on what that shift might look like as we finalize our plan.
Bill Carcache: Got it. That's really helpful, Darren. And then thinking about CCAR, as a follow-up to that, as you're binding constraint, any thoughts on how long before, I guess, these actions get reflected in your stress capital buffer? It sounds like it's going to be -- take some time. And so from that standpoint, would it take some time to show up in the lower SCB such that we could see it migrate back down your required level of capital somewhere back towards the 9% range?
Darren King: Yes. Bill, you're thinking about it exactly the right way. Obviously, the next time -- we're a Category 4 bank. And so as a Category 4 bank, we go through the stress test every other year. And this year that's upcoming, 2022 will be a CCAR year for M&T. And we won't have made these changes to be reflected in that stress test, which means you're at least 2 years away from that. And then what will happen is the impact will work its way through the stress test in a couple of places. So the first place you'll see it obviously is in the risk-weighted assets and the losses that are assumed under stress. But the other place that you see it is you see it in the PPNR, right? And so the PPNR as a percentage of risk-weighted assets should go up, right, which will be more better producing of income and capital to absorb losses under stress. And over time, that will work its way into the stress test as well. And so not much you will see in the 2022 version, we'll start to see it in the 2024 version. But I would really think you'd see it in 2026 is when it would start to come in. But the -- as I said, there's a number of reasons why we're thinking about this not just because of capital efficiency, but we think it actually broadens the level of service we can provide to our customers. And just as a reminder, our current SCB is 2.5%. The implied one from December would have brought it up higher, but that's not our actual SCB. And we'll see where the scenario ends up this year. But if it's like meaning in 2022, but if it's like it was in the stress test just passed, we would not expect to see an SCB at the rate that it was calculated in the December scenario that was run, which was a pretty severe scenario.
Bill Carcache : So then the quick follow-up to that is, is there anything that could change your mind as to perhaps unwinding the decision to kind of asset-light thought process around CRE? Or is that a direction that you all want to head in? It's not a foregone conclusion that regulators -- or is it foregone conclusion that regulators are going to be harsher treating CRE more harshly?
Darren King: I guess I wouldn't say it's a foregone conclusion, Bill. The way I think about it is, if you look over time, there's been a stress test for a number of banks every year and for many banks every other year. And each time there's a stress test, there's a different scenario that is -- goes through that process and different asset classes are stressed. And each one of those scenarios leads you to an outcome and gives you more insight into how portfolios perform under different economic scenarios. Sometimes they stress CRE. Sometimes they stress mortgage, sometimes they address credit card. Sometimes they stress in direct out. And so you got to go through a series of these and each of those are data points that help inform your thinking and what we got in December 2020 was a data point. And it's informing our thinking. And it's not telling us that we want to never do another CRE loan as long as we live, but it said to us that there are certain asset classes and certain types of loans and how long they might exist on your balance sheet that carry a different loss assumption and therefore, a different level of capital that you need to support them. And so we'll look at the mix of assets that we have on our balance sheet and be thinking like we always do about how to optimize returns and what's the best use of our shareholders' capital. We'll still have CRE on our balance sheet, but we think that moving down this path has a number of upsides that we described in terms of capital efficiency and balancing out our income streams between net interest income and fees. And most importantly, it gives us another outlet to help support our clients. And so for those reasons, we'll move down this path. I don't think there's any turning back from that thought process. I think the question really is just as we talked about I think, in answering your first question, what's the pace at which we get there. And the market will, to some extent, dictates that pace based on clients and talent. But like anything we do, we'll be thoughtful and measured in how we execute.
Operator: We'll take our last question from Christopher Spahr with Wells Fargo.
Christopher Spahr: Just my question is related to the roll out technology and the integration of People's United and if you can contrast that with the Hudson City deal and the integration there? And this is all assuming that the integration takes place in the first quarter of next year?
Darren King: Okay. I don't think my answer will change on the impact of technologies happened in the first quarter, but I'll start with that one. I guess, if you look at technology, Chris and different conversions and different mergers bring with them different levels of complexity. And so to kind of compare and contrast before People’s, our most recent 2 mergers, Hudson City was probably one of the least complex system integrations we did. I mean we're basically converting mortgages and time deposits. And so when you think about complexity of products, those are about the easiest ones there are. There was no trust business. There really was no commercial business to speak of, no cash management and treasury management. The usage of the web and mobile were pretty light. And so that was a very straightforward, less complex conversion.  If you went all the way to the other end of the spectrum, I would look at Wilmington Trust, right? Now there was a merger where we had traditional bank products, both consumer and commercial, but we also inherited a number of new wealth and trust businesses that we weren't really in, in a big way. And so that one was much more complex in terms of the planning and setup for that. I would characterize the People’s as down the middle and that it certainly looks much more like Wilmington Trust, with a little less emphasis on trust. But we gained some outside businesses in mortgage warehouse lending as well as in some equipment finance that we wouldn't have. And so we'll be looking to maintain those systems and set them up and be able to run them. But the flip side is the core banking system that People's runs on is FIS. And so that's 1 deconversion from FIS onto our platform. That's something we've done before. We've done it a number of times before. And so we know the game plan of how to execute that.  And so when I look at the different things that we need to get done to prepare for that integration, we're progressing along. We know what the path forward is, and we're preparing to do what we need to do to minimize the disruption to customers to make it easy for employees to be able to service those customers and the path is known. And so I would characterize this one down the middle of the 2 ends of the spectrum, not without its challenges, but in the grand scheme of things, of the most complex convert versus system conversion that we've had to execute.
Christopher Spahr: I guess it should be clear. So assuming that you do get approval in the fourth quarter, you can begin the conversion process in the first quarter of next year, correct?
Darren King: Assuming we get approval, I guess, I would just caveat the fourth quarter as if we get approval on December 1 or past, it's probably going to make the first quarter a challenge. And so depending on the timing of the approval, there might be some pushback on when we actually complete the system conversions. And so we'll see where that happens. But it's obviously our objective to complete that system integration and conversion as quickly as practical once we have our approval and we complete the legal close. Because, as I know you're well aware, Chris, we've never been focused to maintain multiple deposit systems and multiple loan systems any longer than we have to because it's just -- it creates risk and it's not cost effective. And so for those reasons, we would look to find an ability and a path to complete the system conversion as quick as practical once we know for certain when our approval is in our legal close.
Operator: And this does end our allotted time for questions and answers. I'll turn the call back over to Don MacLeod for closing remarks.
Donald MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, if clarification of any of the items on the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department at area code (716) 842-5138. Thank you, and goodbye.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-21 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the M&T Bank Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over to Don MacLeod. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Donald MacLeod: Thank you, Erica, and good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's Second Quarter of 2021 Earnings Conference Call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website, www.mtb.com, and by clicking on the Investor Relations link and then on the Events and Presentations link.  Also before we start, I'd like to mention that today's presentation may contain forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information as well as reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures are included in today's earnings release materials as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. These materials are all available on our Investor Relations web page, and we encourage participants to refer to them for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and risk factors. These statements speak only as of the date made, and M&T undertakes no obligation to update them.  I'm happy to say that our Chief Financial Officer, Darren King, will be leading the call today. Also joining us today is Brian Klock, who started with M&T in May and who will take over as the Head of Market and Investor Relations at the end of this year. Darren?
Darren King: Thanks, Don. Good morning, everyone. Welcome back, Brian, after a 17-year hiatus. Welcome to the other side of the table. And I have a rhetorical question for you: where would you rather be than right here right now?
Brian Klock: You got it, Mark -- I mean, Darren.
Darren King: All right. Let's jump into the business of the day. As we noted in this morning's press release, we were pleased with the continued rebound in the economy from the pandemic-induced slowdown. We continue to see improved customer activity across all sectors of the economy. Notably, while not back to pre-pandemic levels, we're seeing improvements in the leisure and hospitality sectors. While nonaccrual and criticized loans increased from prior quarter, loss emergence remains subdued, leading us to recognize a further moderate release from the allowance for credit losses. The balance sheet continues to strengthen as both capital and liquidity grew from already elevated levels, positioning the bank to continue to be a source of strength for our customers. We continue to make progress towards the fourth quarter close of the People's United merger, and we were pleased with the overwhelming shareholder support of the combination.  Looking at the results for the quarter. Diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $3.41 for the second quarter of 2021, improved from $3.33 in the first quarter of 2021 and $1.74 in the second quarter of 2020.  Net income for the quarter was $458 million, compared with $447 million in the linked quarter and $241 million in the year ago quarter.  On a GAAP basis, M&T's second quarter results produced an annualized rate of return on average assets of 1.22% and an annualized rate of return on average common equity of 11.55%. This compares with rates of 1.22% and 11.57%, respectively, in the previous quarter.  Included in GAAP results in the recent quarter were after-tax expenses from the amortization of intangible assets amounting to $2 million or $0.02 per common share, little changed from the prior quarter. Also included in the quarter's results were merger-related charges of $4 million related to M&T's proposed acquisition of People's United Financial. This amounted to $3 million after tax or $0.02 per common share. Results for this year's first quarter included $10 million of such charges amounting to $8 million after-tax effect or $0.06 per common share.  Consistent with our long-term practice, M&T provides supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis, from which we have only ever excluded the after-tax effect of amortization of intangible assets as well as any gains or expenses associated with mergers and acquisitions.  M&T's net operating income for the second quarter, which excludes intangible amortization and the merger-related expenses, was $463 million compared with $457 million in the linked quarter and $244 million in last year's second quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $3.45 for the recent quarter, up from $3.41 in 2021's first quarter and up from $1.76 in the second quarter of 2020.  Net operating income yielded annualized rates of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders' equity of 1.27% and 16.68% for the recent quarter. The comparable returns were 1.29% and 17.05% in the first quarter of 2021. In accordance with the SEC's guidelines, this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results, including tangible assets and equity.  Now let's take a look at some of the underlying details in our results. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $946 million in the second quarter of 2021 compared with $985 million in the linked quarter. A decrease in PPP-related income accounted for approximately half of the quarter-over-quarter decrease in net interest income as the first round of PPP loans continues to wind down.  The net interest margin for the past quarter was 2.77%, down 20 basis points from 2.97% in the linked quarter. Higher levels of cash on deposit at the Federal Reserve continued to contribute pressure to the margin, which we estimate accounted for 7 basis points of the decline from the first quarter.  Lower fee amortization from the PPP loan portfolio, both scheduled amortization and accelerated recognition from forgiven loans, contributed about 6 basis points of the margin pressure. The impact of interest rates, primarily lower income from our hedge program, partially offset by a lower cost of deposits, accounted for about 3 basis points of the decline.  All other factors accounted for some 4 basis points of margin pressure. Compared with the first quarter of 2021, average earning assets increased by some 2%, reflecting a 13% increase in money market placements, primarily cash on deposit at the Fed and a 6% decline in investable securities. Average loans outstanding declined just under 1% compared with the previous quarter.  Looking at the loans by category on an average basis compared with the linked quarter, overall, commercial and industrial loans declined by $668 million or 2.4%. Dealer floor plan loans declined by $859 million, reflecting the well-documented auto production and inventory issues experienced by the industry.  Due to the late first quarter timing of round 2 originations and delays in forgiveness of loans over $2 million in size, average PPP loans declined by less than $50 million from the prior quarter. All other C&I loan categories grew slightly over 1%.  Commercial real estate loans declined by about 0.5%, similar to what we saw in the first quarter. We continue to see very low levels of customer activity. Residential real estate loans declined by 2%. We've seen little opportunity for additional buyouts of loans from Ginnie Mae servicing pools, as delinquency and payment trends continue to improve. Absent those, the ongoing runoff of acquired Hudson City mortgage loans continues at a moderate pace.  Consumer loans were up 3%, consistent with recent quarters, as growth in indirect auto and recreation finance loans has been outpacing declines in home equity lines and loans. On an end-of-period basis, total loans were down 2%, reflecting the same factors I just mentioned. PPP loans totaled $4.3 billion at June 30 compared with $6.2 billion at the end of the first quarter. Average core customer deposits, which exclude deposits received at M&T's Cayman Islands office and CDs over $250,000 increased over 3% or $4 billion compared with the first quarter. That figure includes $2.6 billion of noninterest-bearing deposits.  On an end-of-period basis, core deposits were up by just under $700 million. I'll note here that the repeal of the prohibition of paying interest on commercial checking deposits has led us to reconsider the need for a Cayman Islands office. It held no deposits at the end of the quarter.  Turning to noninterest income. Noninterest income totaled $514 million in the second quarter compared with $506 million in the linked quarter. The recent quarter included $11 million of valuation losses on equity securities, largely on our remaining holdings of GSE preferred stock, while the prior quarter included $12 million of such valuation losses.  Mortgage banking revenues were $133 million in the recent quarter compared with $139 million in the linked quarter. Revenues for our residential mortgage business, including both origination and servicing activities, were $98 million in the second quarter compared with $107 million in the prior quarter. Lower gain on sale margins were the primary driver of the decline. In addition, residential mortgage loans originated for sale were down about 5% to $1.2 billion compared with the first quarter.  Commercial mortgage banking revenues were $35 million in the second quarter compared with $32 million in the linked quarter. Trust income rose to $163 million in the recent quarter, improved from $156 million in the previous quarter. This quarter's results included $4 million of seasonal fees arising from tax preparation work we undertake for clients as well as the result of the growth in assets under management in the wealth and institutional businesses. Service charges on deposit accounts were $99 million compared with $93 million in the first quarter. The primary driver of the increase were customer payments-related activity.  Turning to expenses. Operating expenses for the second quarter, which exclude the amortization of intangible assets and merger-related expenses, were $859 million. The comparable figure was $907 million in the linked quarter.  Salaries and benefits declined by $62 million to $479 million from the prior quarter. Recall that the first quarter's results included $69 million of seasonal salary and benefit costs.  Our deposit insurance increased by $4 million to $18 million during the quarter, primarily reflecting higher levels of criticized loans, which factor into the FDIC's assessment calculation.  Other costs of operations for the past quarter included an $8 million addition to the valuation allowance on our capitalized mortgage servicing rights. Recall there was a $9 million reversal from the allowance in 2021's first quarter. The efficiency ratio, which excludes intangible amortization from the numerator and securities gains or losses from the denominator was 58.4% in the recent quarter compared with 60.3% in 2021's first quarter, which included the seasonally elevated compensation costs.  Next, let's turn to credit. As I noted at the start of the call, we're pleased with the signs of spending and revenue trends for our customers as the overall economy continues to improve. That said, some industries are improving more rapidly than others, and the supply chain issues and pressures on costs go beyond just the automotive sector.  The allowance for credit losses declined by $61 million to $1.6 billion at the end of the second quarter. That reflects a $15 million recapture of previous provisions for credit losses, combined with $46 million of net charge-offs in the quarter. The allowance for credit losses as a percentage of loans outstanding declined to 1.6% -- 1.62%. That ratio was little changed from 1.65% of loans at the end of the prior quarter. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of loans were 19 basis points for the second quarter compared with 31 basis points in the first quarter. The allowance for credit losses at the end of the quarter reflects our assessment of credit losses in the portfolio under the CECL loss measurement methodology, which includes our macroeconomic forecast.  As we've previously indicated, our macroeconomic forecast uses a number of economic variables, with the largest drivers being the unemployment rate and GDP. Our forecast assumes the national unemployment rate continues to be at elevated levels, on average, 5.4% through 2021, followed by a gradual improvement, reaching 3.5% by mid-2023. The forecast assumes that GDP grows at a 7.4% annual rate during 2021, resulting in GDP returning to pre-pandemic levels during 2022.  Nonaccrual loans increased by $285 million to $2.2 billion or 2.31% of loans at the end of June. This was up from 1.97% at the end of March. We expect to disclose an increase in criticized loans with our second quarter 10-Q filing. This reflects the prolonged recovery in certain sectors of the economy, notably hospitality and health care. M&T's commercial loan grades reflect the performance of individual properties with limited consideration of property values or guarantor ability to sustain cash flows from other sources.  Notwithstanding those increases, loss emergence on troubled loans continues to be moderate. Interest reserves are healthy, sponsors remain supportive and collateral values are well within our underwriting assumptions. The allowance for credit losses continues to reflect our ultimate loss expectations. Loans 90 days past due, on which we continue to accrue interest, were $1.1 billion at the end of the recent quarter, and 96% of these loans were guaranteed by government-related entities.  Turning to capital. M&T's common equity Tier 1 ratio was an estimated 10.7% compared with 10.4% at the end of the first quarter, and which reflects lower risk-weighted assets and earnings net of dividends. As previously noted, while the People's United merger is pending, we don't plan to engage in any stock repurchase activity.  Now turning to the outlook. As we reach the halfway point of the year, the cautious outlook we conveyed on the January and April earnings calls has been well aligned with what we're actually seeing. The fiscal and monetary stimulus programs, along with the vaccination programs, have clearly brought a turnaround in economic growth and employment. But the downside effects from these actions continues.  Excess liquidity in the system has suppressed loan growth, particularly commercial loans for M&T in the broader industry. Customer deposits are at all-time highs and grew faster than our ability to deploy them into assets that earn above our cost of capital.  The fundamental aspects of our outlook haven't changed. Total loan growth, roughly flat on a year-over-year basis, excluding the PPP loans, with pressure on C&I, especially dealer floor plan and CRE loans being offset by growth in consumer loans. Net interest income down low single-digit percentage from full year 2020. Low single-digit growth in total fees. We see the potential for a slowdown in mortgage banking in the second half, offset by stronger trust income, payments-related fees and commercial loan fees.  Expenses for the first half of the year have been mostly in line with our expectations with year-over-year growth largely attributable to expenses directly tied to revenue growth such as Entrust, and to higher corporate incentive accruals coming as a result of improved overall profitability compared to last year.  As these trends continue, together with costs associated with the reopening of the economy and costs incurred in preparation for the People's United merger, we expect there to be a little more pressure on expenses in the second half of 2021.  The credit environment continues to improve along with the overall economy, but some segments are recovering more slowly than others. We're encouraged by the progress we're seeing in our hospitality portfolio with respect to bookings and cash flows, but that sector's return to normal will lag the overall economy.  Lastly, the planned merger with People's United remains on track, and our estimated time line for approval by the regulators, closing and integration remains unchanged. Of course, as you are aware, our projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events and other macroeconomic factors, which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future.  Now let's open the call to questions before which Erica will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America.
Ebrahim Poonawala: I guess if we could just follow up on the outlook for expenses being pressured in the back half. When I look at second quarter, we grew about 7% year-over-year. Give us a sense of how we should think about it. Like, should back half be higher than first half levels in terms of what we saw in expenses? Any color around that would be helpful.
Darren King: Yes, sure. I guess when you look at the quarter comparison in second quarter versus second quarter last year, that was when the economy shut down and everything stops. So you're in for a larger expense increase there in that quarter, looking at a year-over-year basis.  When we think about the whole year and where we go for the second half, the things that we're looking at is we're looking at some increase in fee-related expenses as we continue to see those fee categories grow. We're looking at, as I mentioned before, continued increase in our incentive accrual based on the performance of the bank. And so you recall that last year, we reduced the incentive paid to our senior folks based on the performance of the bank. And then the other place where you'll see some growth is as we continue to make our investments in technology and prepare for the People's integration. So we'll probably see some expense pressure in the third quarter. We'll call out what's related specifically to the merger because some of those will either be onetime or they could, in fact, be expenses that will start maybe a quarter earlier than we might have thought as we prepare for the -- for legal day 1 and for the conversion.  But overall, the expense growth that we saw this quarter, we wouldn't be running at that high of a rate for the whole year, certainly not excluding the impact of the People's merger. I'd be thinking more in the, I don't know, 3% to 5% taking into account the corporate incentives as well as the growth in some of the fee businesses.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. -- That's helpful. And I guess, just on a separate topic. Rene, last quarter, you provided some color around the hospitality book. I'm just wondering if you've seen any improvement in terms of the debt servicing for these borrowers. And I understand you don't expect credit losses stemming from this portfolio, but how does that inform your ability to get back to sort of season on reserve levels as you think about the next few quarters?
Darren King: Yes, sure. I guess the way we're looking at it and thinking about it is when we look at the criticized portfolio, we're really focusing on the stand-alone cash flows of each of the properties in each of those specific, I guess, called pieces of collateral. Because with many of our relationships, our clients will have multiple properties. And so we look at each property, and we assess its ability to cash flow. And that's what affects the criticized balances.  When you look at actual losses, just because they're struggling, many of them are actually still earning interest and accruing interest because the sponsors have outside sources that they're bringing to support the deals. And then the other thing we're looking at is we keep getting updated appraisals on loans and properties that we have, both in criticized and particularly in nonaccrual. And what's been a pleasant surprise is when we look at the recent appraisals that have come in, they've been very strong. We've seen valuations, I believe were on a fully as-is basis that are above -- well above our loan cost and on a stabilized basis that are maybe down 10% from the original appraisals. And so when we think about the lost content in the portfolio, which is reflected in our allowance, we feel quite comfortable with what's there. The question, obviously, will be the timing on when the cash flows get to a point where we would see them as non-criticized any longer.  We are seeing improvements in occupancy rates in the hotel portfolio across the board, but we're not quite back to pre-pandemic levels there, mainly because business travel hasn't resumed. We're seeing good performance in leisure travel, but not as strong yet in business. And so as those vacancy rates come down and revenue per available night or per available room comes up, we'll see those assets go from criticized back into performing, and then that will support further reductions in the allowance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe: Actually I'd love to stay on the whole reserve topic for just a second more. Obviously, the amount of reserves that you released this quarter is very small, I mean certainly relative to what we've seen at a number of other banks. I know you can't necessarily comment on how you differ from other banks, but I am kind of curious any color you have on like what assumptions that you're making that might explain the differences in your -- sort of your limited reserve release versus everyone else? Or maybe it's not assumptions at all. It really is like this big criticized portfolio that you're talking about. Any color would be helpful.
Darren King: Sure. No, happy to go into some of the details there. I guess, a couple of broad thoughts to start. The CECL methodology is a lot more penal on consumer books than on commercial books because they tend to be longer dated. And our institution, as you are aware, skews more commercial. That's one.  It also is -- has a big impact on credit card portfolios. And credit card at M&T is not a huge part of our book of business. And so when you look at some of what was being done last year, in reserving, what you saw was much larger additions to allowance than you would have seen at M&T because of those mix differences. And so now, when we're going in the other direction, the releases are also higher for those same reasons.  And so when you look inside our portfolio, and just to give a little flavor on the allowance, it's obviously is a collection of the different asset classes and the loss expectations in those assets. And so if you think about C&I, the C&I provision, there was a little bit of a release or recapture because there was a decrease in the loans outstanding because of the auto floor plan, right? And so that was as much a function of a decrease in assets as it was the loss rate on the assets.  Within the real estate portfolio, we continue to have a loss assumption that's pretty much unchanged, and there was a slight uptick there because of the increase in -- or the size of the criticized portfolio. If you look in the mortgage book, it was a decrease, again, because of the reduction in the assets as well as the continued great performance of home prices, which affect the model and the loss expectations. And so there was a decrease there. And then in the other consumer portfolio, it was actually an increase because of the growth in balances offset a little bit by strong used car prices, which brought the loss rate down a little bit. And so there's different pieces in each of the portfolios that will move the allowance either up or down. It could be because of economic factors. It could be because of the balance. But those are some of the dynamics that are happening underneath, and hopefully, that helps give a little bit more color to what's happening with the allowance.
Ken Zerbe: It does. That's perfect. And then just maybe a follow-up question. In terms of the securities portfolio, I certainly understand your rationale for not wanting to invest in very low-yielding securities at this point. At what point might that change? And how low could the securities portfolio go before you feel like you need to invest at least something?
Darren King: Yes, sure. I was waiting for this conversation. I got to listen to Rene last time on the same subject.  When you look at where we sit today -- I'll talk about the securities portfolio, but also just some of the other parts of the bank. We just talked about the reserve and where the reserve sits relative to CECL day 1. When we look at our underwriting and our losses or expectations, to me, we are adequately reserved, if not maybe a little bit more, and that's future potential. You look at our capital ratios at 10.7%. We're probably going to print near the high of the peers in terms of that ratio. And we'll hold on to that until we do the merger. That's untapped potential. And I see the securities portfolio the same way. And so we've been allowing that to run off. I think what you'll start to see is as we start to think about maintaining it where it is and then look as we prepare to merge with Peoples. And if you -- what's on our mind as we think about how and when to deploy that excess cash, it's a combination of just replacing some of the cash with securities in our own book, but what the combined balance sheet is going to look like.  And so Peoples will bring a higher percentage of securities and cash, which will balance us out a little bit. And they'll also bring a bigger on-balance sheet consumer mortgage portfolio as a percentage of their assets because they've tended to be an originate-and-hold shop where we were -- we've been an originate and sell. And so the combination of those 2 factors when we combine the portfolios, we'll start to bring down some of our asset sensitivity. And based on that combined portfolio, we'll start to think about how we want to deploy that cash into what types of securities and what type of duration we might want to add. So it could be through the securities portfolio itself with mortgage backs, it could be just retaining mortgages and getting the same exposure, but having it on the balance sheet in an HTM as opposed to an AFS type of portfolio.  And so those are the things that we're looking at, and we'll look to do other things we can to optimize the cash looking to reduce borrowings, we'll continue to reduce time deposits, which will get some additional ones with Peoples. But I think as we look forward, our belief is that the deposits are probably going to stick around a little bit longer than we might have anticipated, which is affecting our thinking about deploying and the duration that we want to assume and what percentage of the cash we want to put to work. But I think we're probably at a point where we start to see that securities portfolio level off, and we'll be selective about jumping in, but we'll probably keep it roughly where it is.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: Just a question on the margin front. I wanted to see if you can -- baked into your net interest income expectation for a low-single-digit decline in 2021, how should we think about margin trajectory underlying that going forward from here? Obviously, on an underlying basis, clearly, the Peoples deal would impact that. But I wanted to see if you can elaborate a little bit on the stand-alone margin expectation?
Darren King: Yes. It's a tricky one, John. And so when we think about -- when I think about the net interest income, the reason I've been explicit and we've been explicit about talking about that dollar number as opposed to the margin is there's a lot of things that are going to bounce the margin around that don't affect the dollars, right? So first and foremost is cash. And we're still in a place where each extra $1 billion of cash compresses the margin by 2 to 3 basis points, but it actually adds a nominal amount to net interest income.  The other thing that bounces the net interest margin around is just the pace of forgiveness on the PPP loans. And when you look at the first -- or the last 4 quarters, we've really seen the bulk of round 1 PPP loans forgiven. And so when you accelerate that origination fee, obviously, that affects the net interest income and the margin, but isn't necessarily repeatable. And so when we think about the full year guide for net interest income down low single digit, factored in there is the earning assets, which we've talked about, where we think those will be. And if you go underneath and look at the actual loan spreads and deposit costs, those are pretty stable. And that portfolio is producing a pretty stable stream of net interest income and the movements are generally caused, certainly in the NIM, by cash, by the pace of PPP, and then ultimately, the hedge portfolio that we've talked about, I think, for several quarters now, that it's out there. The notional amount outstanding hasn't changed, it's still around $17.5 billion, but the effective yield is coming down each quarter. And so that will put a little bit of pressure on the net adverse margin and, ultimately, net interest income. But as I at least look through the next couple of quarters on a stand-alone basis, I think net interest income is roughly around where it was this quarter.
John Pancari: Great. That's helpful. And before I ask my second question, I have to acknowledge the Levi [ph] quote.
Darren King: I appreciate that. He's one of our favorites.
John Pancari: Not a Bills fan, but got the analogy. And then just separately, on the loan growth outlook for the relatively flat expectation for the year. Can you just talk about when do you see an inflection in balances as we look over the next couple of quarters? Is an inflection -- in the near term, can you see an inflection in the back half as consumer offsets the continued declines in C&I and CRE?
Darren King: Yes. I think you'll start to see it, but it's going to be nuanced, and it's going to be -- it's not going to be obvious. And the reason it's going to be that way is there's 2 portfolios that we have that are going to cause a top line decrease in loans. So first and foremost is PPP, which is well documented, right? And we know we've got now $4.3 billion at the end of the quarter that's going to run off and will depend on the pace of forgiveness, but there's reason to believe that, that will happen in the next 3 or 4 quarters. And then there's also the Ginnie Mae buyouts that we've added on to the balance sheet to use up some of that excess liquidity because we like the duration and the yield on that. And as the economy continues to improve, it's our expectation that we will actually -- those will become re-performing and they will get packaged and sold back as securities. And that will bring down those mortgage balances, but obviously, we'll drive some fee income.  And so when you look underneath the portfolio, back to some of the trends that we had talked about, ex floor plan, C&I was actually up modestly, and we did see a very slight uptick in utilization rates of C&I lines in the quarter. And we will see production come back in the auto sector, and we'll see some of those floor plan balances growing again.  Just for context, our current line utilization in the -- or in the auto floor plan space is about half of its long-term average. And so that by itself is worth a couple of billion dollars. And so we'll see that start to come back. We think it will be really first quarter of next year.  And then when you look in the real estate space, not surprisingly, there's not a lot of activity going on. And usually, what drives some of the CRE growth and declines is just activity in assets changing hands. And that -- when that happens is both a positive and a negative, we see payoffs because some of our clients sell. But we also gain assets when construction projects come online or come due and/or when our clients are out looking at assets and growing their portfolios.  And so right now, that's pretty subdued and expect that the CRE balances will be kind of flattish, maybe slightly down as we work our way through.  And then the big growth is in the consumer portfolio. I say big. That sounds more grandiose than it is. It's consistent growth. in the auto floor plan -- or auto indirect as well as refi auto and -- auto and recfi. Sorry.  So it's there. I like the trends that we see. The spreads are still holding up. The returns in the business we're booking are solid. And so we don't feel a need to chase it, but to be there to support our clients with what their activities are, and it will largely reflect the economy.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Darren, wanted to follow up and ask to a point about the eventual re-securitizations on the Ginnie Mae, I was wondering if you could just help us understand how big is that book in the loan book now? And if your fee guide for down low single-digit contemplates getting some of that re-securitization income back into fees this year?
Darren King: Sure. So as you look at the Ginnie Mae portfolio, let's call it, $3.5 billion to $4 billion that will ultimately get re-securitized and sold. The pace is a little bit unknown right now is the foreclosure moratoriums keep getting extended, that gets pushed out. When we gave the original guide about fee growth in low single digits, that contemplated some degree of gain on sale coming from that portfolio. That's been pushed out a little bit. One of the things that happens on the other side, though, is as long as those assets sit on our balance sheet, we're accruing interest income. And so that's helping with the net interest income. And when we look at the potential gain on sale, it will move the percentage growth in fee income maybe a percentage point, and it would be towards fourth quarter of the year, not likely much before then, just given what we're seeing and the time it takes to get those securities considered re-performing and available for sale. So it will be back-end loaded and start to spill into 2022.
Ken Usdin: Yes. Understood. And just a follow-up question. It's great to see the trust business continuing to rebound up another 4%. I'm just wondering, can you just talk through just some of the underlying growth drivers in trust? And do you have the -- what the fee waivers were this quarter and if you expect that those would have peaked and maybe we get a little bit of help back on those going forward given the IOER changes?
Darren King: Yes. Let me make sure I got all these. So I'll start with trust and then I'll talk about the waivers. So we're really pleased with how things are progressing in the trust business. There's really two main drivers of the trust fee income in the last few quarters. Our wealth team has really done a great job with leveraging the changes that they made to their platform to be out and growing new customers, which is very encouraging. And then for the existing customers plus the new ones, everybody's benefiting from the capital markets and the growth there.  And another piece of our trust business is we manage assets on behalf of retirement plans. And as we manage those assets, it's a great business because each month employees contribute more to their plan, we're signing up new employers, and the market has been growing. And so the combination of those 3 things is driving growth in assets under management, which is leading to top line.  Keep in mind, this is where I say we're seeing expense growth, that in many cases, we're a fiduciary of those. We're not the underlying asset manager. And so there's a sub-adviser fee that doesn't get netted against the trust fee income, it's in the other expense line. And so as we grow those assets under management, we like the returns in that business and we like the profit it adds, but it does cause expenses to go up at the same time. And so that's why when we say there's expense growth related to fee growth, that's one of the big drivers.  When we look at the waivers in the funds, it's in the neighborhood of, call it, at the high end, $15 million a quarter is where we are today. And what it will take to get back in there, we probably need -- I think we need Fed funds up probably closer to 50 basis points before you see that start to materialize as opposed to the first 25. So this would be another one of these things when I look forward and I think about what the potential is for the bank in addition to the things we talked about with cash and capital and the provision, obviously, the waivers is another one that can turn around. So lots of latent potential. We just need to unlock it.
Operator: Your next question is from Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.
Bill Carcache: Good to have you back, Darren.
Darren King: Thanks, Bill. Nice to be back.
Bill Carcache: As PPP balances wind down, is there an opportunity to grow your small business lending into other markets outside of your traditional footprint, perhaps by partnering with other financial technology players or doing a bolt-on type deal like we've seen from others? More broadly, the question is, I guess, just any color that you can give on the extent to which you consider these kinds of moves across any of your business lines.
Darren King: Sure. And great question. Small business is 1 of the cornerstones of M&T and who we've been for years in the communities that we serve. I think the #1 opportunity that sits in front of us is people. We mentioned it on the announcement of the deal. And the more we get to know our new colleagues at Peoples and the geographies, we continue to be excited about the upside there. And that bringing our brand of small business banking to that franchise is really exciting.  And we have been watching with great interest what's been happening with nationwide small business lending. And I have the benefit of -- I used to actually run that division in a prior career here at M&T., and we've seen people come in and out of that business a lot. And one of the things that always excited me in that business was when people announced they were getting in because it's tough. And one of the things that's really important to remember about small business is that small business loans are okay business, but the real value is in the deposits and the small business franchise is actually self-funding. And so one of the tricks, and when you talk about nationwide small business lending, what we're watching is not the ability to give out money because that's easy, but the ability to make sure that you risk rate it, that you take care of fraud, which we saw some fraud in some of the PPP situations. And then ultimately, your ability to win the whole relationship, right?  And so if you think about M&T and our approach to banking, it's always been full relationship banking. And one of the keys is having -- we've always talked about the operating account of our customers, whether it's consumers, whether it's small business or middle market companies. And that's a little bit of a tougher proposition on a nationwide and remote basis, but it's something that we watch. And fortunately, we had a very strong PPP showing, and we were able to win some new relationships in our footprint. And for now, I think we'll focus primarily on capturing the upside that we see in the new markets that come with the People's combination.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Darren, welcome back into the seat.
Darren King: Gerard, thanks.
Gerard Cassidy: I thought for a minute, they just dropped me off with that long delay, but I'm glad you picked up. A couple of questions for you. We all -- and you referenced it in your prepared remarks about a floor plan lending and what's going on in the auto industry, and the supply issues in other industries as well. The question is this: autos in particular, you went -- there are some stories that have been written recently that maybe the auto dealers may follow what they're doing today into the future, meaning keeping a lower inventory and having higher margins. So maybe they sell fewer units, but the margins are higher. That may be a way to go. Are you hearing anything like that from your guys in the front line deal with the auto dealers that the normal inventory levels and the normal floor plan lending will come back or maybe it will not come back?
Darren King: Gerard, it's a great question, and it's one that comes up often. It tends to come up a little bit more in other business circles than with the dealers. I mean, they obviously -- they love the situation that we're in right now. Because of the -- how quickly the cars are moving off a lot.  The thing that you got to keep in mind, especially as it relates to the auto business is a lot of the production is pushed by the manufacturer. And while we do a lot of floor plan with the dealers, generally, the new car production is floored by the manufacturer. And the manufacturer will actually have incentives and will buy back cars that don't sell. And so there's what's on the dealer's lot and what they'd like to do, and then there's what the manufacturing industry are part of the value chain wants to do. And I think the last SAR, if my memory is correct, printed around $15 million, and it averaged about $17 million pre-pandemic. And so that's a lot of production that's not there right now.  And one of the other elements of the production that happens is it goes from the manufacturer to the dealer, and some of the unused inventory ends up in rental agencies. And obviously, that was an industry that early on was hit pretty hard by the pandemic, but seems to be coming back. At least if any of you have tried to rent a car lately, you'll find, one, it's difficult, and two, it's really expensive. So I think as some of that production comes back, you'll see it move its way through the lots and back into the rental car companies.  So probably more insight or information than you wanted in the response, but I don't think it will stay this way because I think there are other forces at play that are unique to auto. It's a different world in recfi, where the manufacturers don't have that same power and the dealers themselves have more control over inventory on the lots. And obviously, that sector has been through a big change through the pandemic as well. But I think we will see a rebound in auto floor plan lines. Will they get -- usage, I should say. Will they get all the way back to where they were? I guess that remains to be seen. But it will be a function, I think, of the ability of the manufacturers to ramp up production.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. I appreciate the insights. Coming back to your comments about your average balance sheet, and you talked about deposits at the Fed, your securities, et cetera. I don't know if you're able to do this, but when you look at your spread, I think in this quarter was 2.71%. Your margin was, of course, 2.77%. And you look at the different categories of asset yields, how far away is the current market, your incremental loan that you make or the incremental security that you purchased, to the actual averages that you're showing in the third quarter? Is it a 10, 20, 30 basis point difference on the incremental new asset production versus what your averages are showing?
Darren King: So when you look at -- when I look at roll on and roll off margins, what we've seen for probably the last 6 to 9 months, this roll-on margins have been better than roll-off margins. And so that bodes well for the portfolio over the long run. But what we've also been seeing in the last few quarters is the spread, or call it abnormal spread, I don't know, is coming back closer to what it was pre-pandemic. And so you'll see over time, spread, which is really the piece that matters the most to us, coming back to pre-pandemic levels, but hopefully not below. But in the last little while, what we've seen is roll on better than roll off.  I'm cautioning a little bit because when I think about the press release and I think about the page in the press release that talks about yield and particularly on C&I, there's a lot of movement in there right now because that's where all the PPP fees are rolling in and out of, and so that's why we're getting some wild swings in margin there. And then when we look at the CRE yield, that's where some of the hedge would be. But when you take all that stuff away and just look at what's actually in the portfolio, the yields and -- sorry, the spreads over the year have been a little bit better than what they were going into the pandemic. They're trending back there. And so I would think that over time, our long-term average yield or spread would be similar to what it was pre-pandemic. And as we start to deploy some of that cash, hopefully, into things other than securities, but into supporting customers, that we continue to see a net interest margin that, in the long run, prints in the top quartile of the peers, as has been our history.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Christopher Spahr with Wells Fargo.
Christopher Spahr: So my questions are tech-related. So what's your outlook for your tech budget over the next, say, 3 to 5 years? In the past, you said tech cost is around low double digits of revenues. But given the challenging rate environment and the pending Peoples deal, I was just wondering what you think it will be post merger? And then what are the incremental investments in light of the comments you had in -- for the second quarter?  And then as a follow-up, I'll just give that now. What's the mix of this budget in terms of run versus change the bank. Before the pandemic, we kind of estimate it was around 60-40 as you focused on reducing customer friction and reducing -- improving processes.
Darren King: All right. Let me make sure I got -- I'm trying to keep up with you, Chris, on the list here. So tech budget, things that we're focused on, on spending and kind of mix of build the bank versus run the bank? Did I miss anything there?
Christopher Spahr: Correct. No, that's pretty much it.
Darren King: Okay. So I guess I'll just start with what we saw in quarter-over-quarter. I mean, we look in that software and data processing line, there's 2 elements there. One is contracts that we have where we pay a fee based on volume. And so as some of the data processing volumes increase, so will that fee. And that's one of the drivers. And then the other 1 in there is software licenses. And what we tend to find is the first quarter is a little bit light on that, and it tends to catch up as the year goes on. Some of the licenses will grow as we prepare for people, because we'll be buying additional licenses for the people's employees, whether it's for commercial loan, RMs, whether it's for the branches or staff employees. And you might see that a little bit in advance of the merger and those would not be considered onetime expenses, but they would have been contemplated in our due diligence. And so you'll see some of that.  And then the other thing that happens is as you shift more of your technology into ASP or cloud-based environment, that you pay more in kind of monthly or quarterly fees versus the upfront investment cost. And so it's a little bit of a shift. And so that impacts the growth of the overall tech budget, right? That you'll have a higher tech budget if you're kind of building your own software versus buying off the shelf. The difference is it costs you a little bit less upfront, but then you've got the tail of the ongoing software licensing costs.  And so when we look at our tech budget and how it's grown over the last several years, it's been high-single-digit compound annual growth rate. When you look over the last 5 years, there's times when it moves up and we invest a little bit more, and times when it levels off. But I think that's a pretty good estimate of where we've been and likely where we're going. And the focus is across build the bank and run the bank, it's 60-40. I think that's a good number and a way to think about it. Whether it's 60-40 run versus 60-40 improve or build can shift in time. Some of the things that you're investing in or we're investing include data, data quality, data warehousing, cybersecurity, risk management things, which, I guess, are build the bank, but could be considered run the bank depending on how you qualify them, but they're just part of being a larger institution.  As we've noted, we're spending -- focused on things that improve the customer experience, whether it's been the mobile app, whether it's been improving the interactions that happen in the call center, whether it's providing better technology to the branch teams. We've made some big upgrades to our cash management system. We've made big upgrades to our loan origination systems to try and help the commercial RMs and make their lives easier. And so it's across those types of investments. that you're seeing us spend our dollars. And I think tech budgets are just part of banking. They're going to be there. It's hard to separate technology from banking these days. But that doesn't mean it's the only part of banking, as we'll reemphasize that we've always been a bank in our communities where our folks and the personal touch and relationship management matters. And the technology is there to complement that approach and to make our teams that much more effective with clients.
Operator: Your next question is from Dave Rochester with Compass Point.
David Rochester: Just a quick one on capital. I know this may be a better question for the next earnings call. But just given what you're seeing today and your higher capital levels, do you think you'll be in a good position to get a lot more aggressive with the buyback once you close the deal? The capital ratios will still be pretty robust at that point. So just curious if you're looking to get more aggressive following the close.
Darren King: Yes. I guess, I would -- more aggressive, that gives me a little bit of agita, but we certainly are -- will be -- continue to be active and prudent stewards of capital. My first hope is that we go back to the conversation we were having before about loan growth and that we continue to grow customers and grow balances, and we use that capital to deploy it for -- in the sake of our customers. That said, when you look at the things in front of us with hopefully deploying some of that cash and seeing some releases of provision and get the synergies, the cost savings out of the merger, we're going to be creating more capital, and that gives us a great opportunity to go and do buybacks. And so we'll go through and put the 2 banks together. We'll put our forecast of loan growth together and uses of that capital. We'll consider the dividend and where that is within our capital governance and then what we can't deploy effectively, we'll give it back to you guys. And so I think just based on where I sit and where our ratios are right now, it's safe to say that capital deployment will be in our future.
David Rochester: Would you say that the chances are better than not that you wrap up the buyback that you have out there by CCAR next year?
Darren King: Well, since we announced the buyback in January, and we got approvals from the Board, but we didn't actually use it because we announced the deal. And so I don't think we could use that whole thing up before CCAR next year because we'll be submitting that in April of next year. And so between the fourth quarter and the first quarter, to be able to use up that whole allotment would be pretty difficult. But we'll -- go ahead.
David Rochester: I was just thinking through the first half of next year.
Darren King: Even through the first half, that would start to get tough. But like said, we'll be back to you guys with some more detailed thoughts on capital deployment. As we get through legal day 1 and get the 2 banks put together, at least on paper, and we can get a look at the balance sheet and confirm the forecast. But I think it's definitely safe to say, as I mentioned before, that a ramp-up in the rate of capital deployment compared to certainly the last few years is in front of us.
David Rochester: Sounds good. Maybe just one quick one on expenses. You guys addressed this a little bit earlier, but just trying to tie this back to the guidance you gave earlier this year for flat to less than up 1% expense growth for the year ex the deal. I know you factored in some fee growth into that guidance as well. Are you still thinking that, that guidance works at this point ex the deal? Or has the revenue performance been better than what you thought at that point?
Darren King: Yes. I guess -- I think there's a couple of things. Some of the revenue performance has been a little bit better. And then it's more overall bank performance has been better, right? So when we were contemplating our accruals for incentives at the start of the year, we were expecting not as quick a rebound in the economy and maybe a little bit higher charge-offs than what we're actually experiencing. And so as we work through the year and we see better performance at the bank, we tend to set our accruals as a percentage of the bank's net income, and as the net income is increasing, we're accruing a higher amount for incentives. And so if you go back to that original guide of flat to 1% ex the Peoples and the other things, we're probably more going to run 1% to 2% ex the Peoples' deal.
David Rochester: Okay. Great. One last one on deposits. I hear you loud and clear when you say you're expecting deposits to stick around for a while. But I was just curious if you've seen any increased spending, whether it's amongst consumer customers or business customers of deposits in recent months?
Darren King: Yes. It's interesting to see the deposits. We are seeing people spending, but it's not seeing -- not -- it's not showing up as a decrease in the balances. What's interesting is I've started to get back out again as we reopen the economy, and lucky for Gerard's question, I had spent some time with some of our dealers but a couple of our other customers, and they had received PPP loans. And I'm going somewhere with us because it was interesting to me, that they had just gotten forgiven. And I said, "Oh, well, what are you going to do with the money left?" And they said, "We have every cent still." I said, "Why? You got that to pay for these expenses." And they said, "Oh, we did that out of our normal cash flow. We just adjusted our operations. We didn't want to spend the money until we actually had the loan forgiven in case we didn't get it forgiven." And so that gives you a little bit of an insight into some of the mindset of the type of customers that we have, one. But two, that those dollars are still sitting there and available to be spent.  And so I think we'll start to see those move, but we need to continue to see movement in the economy. And from any of the customers that I spend time with and talk to, there's obviously some supply chain challenges in certain sectors. The biggest supply issue is talent and available workers. And I think that's the next thing to go, is to get more folks back on the employment rules, and then we'll start to see, I think, some more of that spending and demand for the cash out of both the consumer and the business deposit accounts.
Operator: Your next question is from Peter Winter with Wedbush Securities.
Peter Winter: Just two quick housekeeping questions. Last quarter, Rene mentioned that there was about $90 million in swap income. And I was just wondering what it was in the second quarter and maybe the outlook for the second half of the year.
Darren King: Yes. You said you had a couple. Is that your only question? Or do you have another one?
Peter Winter: Well, just the other on PPP. How much is left in terms of amortized fees?
Darren King: So in swap income, for the quarter, it was down about $14 million. And as we mentioned I think a couple of calls ago that the total for the year was going to be closer to -- for '21, close to what it was in 2020, but kind of peaking in the fourth quarter last year, first quarter this year, and then declining each quarter from there. It looks like they will be down kind of round numbers, call it, $10 million a quarter. The rest of the way, this was a bigger quarter just because of the nature of some of the swaps that went on and off. But no change to that guide.  And when we look at PPP, we look at PPP round 1, the bulk of the origination fee has now gone through and been captured in the income statement and through net interest income. But PPP round 2, while the forgiveness portals are open. We haven't really recognized any forgiveness on those yet. And so the whole second round of balances and the origination fees associated with them are still hanging out there.  Round numbers, emphasize round, maybe $100 million of income to come in. And hopefully, we'll start to see it in the next quarter. But the good news with it is it either amortizes in every month or it accelerates, but you don't lose it. And so that's out there, and that's also factored into our guide about net interest income being down low single digits year-over-year.
Operator: And this does end our allotted time for questions and answers. I'll turn the call back over to Don MacLeod for closing remarks.
Donald MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, if clarification of any of the items on the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department at 716-842-5138. Goodbye.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-19 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to M&T Bank's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you.  I'll now turn the call over to Don MacLeod to begin. Please go ahead.
Don MacLeod: Thank you, Maria, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to thank you all for participating in M&T's first quarter 2021 earnings conference call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website, www.mtb.com by clicking on the Investor Relations link and then on the Events and Presentations link. Also, before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings and Forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q, including the form we filed in connection with the earnings release for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements.  Darren King is not with us today and is recovering from the effects of the COVID-19 virus. He expects to rejoin us shortly. In his absence M&T's CEO, René Jones will draw on his skills as former CFO and will be our primary speaker on today's call. Now I'd like to introduce our Chief Executive, René Jones.
René Jones: Thank you, Don, and good morning, everyone. Don, thank you for using the word, skills. When I handed over the CFO reins to Darren five years ago, one of the things that I was happy that went with it was the call. But although Darren is doing well and we expect his return to action shortly, I’ve boldly volunteered to handle the call today. And just so -- my agenda is that I do a good job, but not such a good job that you won't be clamoring to have Darren back as soon as possible. Joining me today on the call are Bob Bojdak, our Chief Credit Officer; and Mike Spychala, our Corporate Controller, whom I'm sure you both know – you know both of them. As we noted in this morning's press release, we're pleased with the strong momentum in residential mortgage banking and our Wilmington Trust Group of businesses. Outside of our usual seasonal first quarter surge in salaries and benefits, expenses remained well-controlled and credit trends are indicative of the state of the loan portfolio and the forecasted improvements in the economy. Diluted GAAP earnings per common share was $3.33 for the first quarter of 2021, compared with $3.52 in the fourth quarter of 2020 and $1.93 in last year's first quarter. Net income for the quarter was $447 million, compared with $471 million in the linked quarter and $269 million in the year ago quarter. On a GAAP basis, M&T's first quarter results produced an annualized rate of return on average assets of 1.22% and an annualized return on average common equity of 11.57%. This compares with rates of 1.30% and 12.07% respectively in the previous quarter. Included in GAAP results in the recent quarter were after-tax expenses from the amortization of intangible assets amounting to $2 million or $0.02 per common share, a little change from the prior quarter. Also, included in the quarter’s results were merger-related charges of $10 million related to M&T's proposed acquisition of People's United Financial. This amounted to $8 million after-tax, or $0.06 per common share. Consistent with our long-term practice, M&T provides supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis, from which we have only ever excluded the after-tax effects of amortization of intangible assets, as well as any gains or expenses associated with mergers and acquisitions. Net operating income for the first quarter, which excludes intangible amortization and the merger-related expenses, was $457 million, compared with $473 million in the linked quarter and $272 million in last year's first quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per share was $3.41 for the recent quarter, compared with $3.54 in 2020's fourth quarter, and $1.95 in the first quarter of last year. Net operating income yielded annualized rates of return on average tangible asset and average tangible common shareholders’ equity of 1.29% and 17.05% for the recent quarter. The comparable returns were 1.35% and 17.53% in the fourth quarter of 2020. In accordance with the SEC guidelines, this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results, including tangible assets and equity.  So let's take a look at some of the underlying details. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $985 million in the first quarter of 2021, compared with $993 million in the linked quarter. This reflects a higher level of average interest earnings assets, primarily cash equivalents and a shorter calendar quarter. The margin for the past quarter was 2.97%, down 3 basis points from 3% in the linked quarter. The primary driver of the margin decline was the higher level of cash on deposit with the Federal Reserve, which we estimated reduced the margin by 5 basis points, and that was partially offset by a 2 basis point benefit from the shorter quarter. Similarly, the $8 million linked quarter decline in net interest income reflects the loss of income from two fewer accrual days. Changes in interest rates had a minimal effect for the quarter.  Compared with the fourth quarter of 2020, average interest earnings assets increased by some 2% reflecting a 9% increase in money market placements, including cash on deposit with the Federal Reserve and an 8% decline in investment securities. Average loans outstanding grew by – grew nearly 1% compared with the previous quarter. Excluding PPP loans, average loans grew $1.1 billion, or over 1%. Looking at the loans by category on an average basis compared to the linked quarter, commercial and industrial loans were essentially flat with increased dealer floor plan balances and other C&I loans, partially offset by lower average PPP loans. Due to timing of originations and the receipt of payments, average PPP loans declined $453 million from the prior quarter. Commercial real estate loans declined less than 0.5% compared to the fourth quarter, indicative of very low levels of customer activity. Residential real estate loans grew by 4%, consistent with our expectations. The increase reflects purchases from -- of loans from Ginnie Mae pools that we subservice, partially offset by further runoff of the acquired mortgage loans. Consumer loans were up nearly 1%. That activity was consistent with recent quarters where growth in indirect auto and recreational finance loans has been outpacing declines in home equity lines and loans. On an end-of-period basis, PPP loans totaled $6.2 billion, up from $5.4 billion at the end of the fourth quarter. Average core customer deposits, which exclude deposits received at M&T's Cayman Islands office and CDs over $250,000, increased 4% or $5 billion compared to the fourth quarter. That figure includes $4 billion of non-interest bearing deposits. On an end-of-period basis, core deposits were up nearly $9 billion. Foreign office deposits increased 17% on an average basis, but were -- sorry, decreased 17% on an average basis, but were essentially flat on an end-of-period basis. Turning to non-interest income. Non-interest income totaled $506 million for the first quarter compared with $551 million in the linked quarter. The recent quarter included $12 million of valuation losses on equity securities, largely the remaining holdings of our GSE preferred stock, while 2020's final quarter included $2 million of gains. Over the past few years, M&T has received a distribution from Bayview Lending Group in the first quarter of the year. Results for the first quarter of 2020 included a $23 million distribution and a change from the -- in the past timing, as you may know, M&T received a $30 million distribution in the fourth quarter of 2020, as expected. No distribution was received in this year's first quarter.  Mortgage banking revenues were $139 million in the recent quarter, down $1 million from $140 million in the linked quarter. Our residential mortgage business continued to perform well. Revenues from that business, including both originations and servicing activities, were $107 million in the first quarter, improved from $95 million in the prior quarter. That increase reflects improved gain on sale margin. Residential mortgage loans originated for sale were $1.3 billion in the recent quarter, up about 5% from the fourth quarter. Commercial mortgage banking revenues were $32 million in the first quarter, reflecting a seasonal decline from $45 million in the linked quarter. That figure was $30 million in the year ago quarter. Trust income rose to $156 million in the recent quarter, improved from $151 million in the previous quarter. The increase is the result of growth in assets under management, in wealth and institutional businesses. Service charges on deposits were $93 million compared with $96 million in the fourth quarter. The decline from the linked quarter is the result of higher customer balances offsetting activity-based fees.  Operating expenses -- turning to operating expenses for the first quarter, which exclude the amortization of intangible assets and merger-related expenses, were $907 million. The comparable figures were $842 million in the linked quarter and $903 million in the year ago quarter. As is typical for M&T's fiscal first quarter results, operating expenses for the recent quarter included approximately $69 million of seasonally higher compensation costs relating to accelerated -- to the accelerated recognition of equity compensation expense for certain retirement eligible employees, the HSA contribution, the impact of annual incentive compensation payouts on the 401(k) match and FICA payments and unemployment insurance. Those same items amounted to an increase in salaries and benefits of approximately $67 million in last year's first quarter. As usual, we expect those seasonal factors to decline significantly as we enter the second quarter. Other cost of operations for the past quarter included a $9 million reduction in the valuation allowance on our capitalized mortgage servicing rights. You'll recall that there was a $3 million addition to the allowance in 2020's fourth quarter and a $10 million addition in last year's first quarter. The quarter's results also reflect an elevated contribution to the M&T Charitable Foundation  The efficiency ratio, which excludes intangible amortization from the numerator and securities gains or losses from the denominator, was 60.3% in the recent quarter compared with 54.6% in 2020's fourth quarter and 58.9% in the first quarter of 2020. Those ratios in the first quarters of 2020 and 2021, each reflect the seasonally elevated compensation expenses that we talked about. Next, let's turn to credit. The overall economy, of course, continues to improve, but some sectors such as hospitality, continue to face pressure. As was the case over the course of 2020, the recent quarter continued to highlight the differences between the former incurred loss accounting method and the CECL standard adopted at the beginning of last year. Previously reported delinquencies and transition of loans from accruing to non-accruing status evidenced by financial stress delinquencies or defaults by borrowers preceded or accompanied the establishment of loss reserves. Under CECL, we increased our loss reserves last year based on worsening projected economic scenarios. Significant downgrades of specifically identifiable credits to non-accrual emerged in the fourth quarter and criticized in the recent quarter -- and to criticize in the recent quarter, consistent with last year's additions to the allowance for credit losses.  The allowance for credit losses amounted to $1.6 billion at the end of the first quarter. The $100 million decline from the end of 2020 reflects a $25 million recapture of previous provisions for credit losses, combined with $75 million of net charge-offs in the first quarter. The provision recapture and the resulting reduction in the allowance for the recent quarter continued to reflect the ongoing uncertainty as to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on economic activity, employment levels and the ultimate collectability of loans. That said, the improving economic outlook leaves us cautiously optimistic as to the ongoing effects of the pandemic compared with the greater levels of uncertainty in prior quarters. Our macroeconomic forecast uses a number of economic variables with the largest drivers being the unemployment rate and GDP. Our forecast assumes the national unemployment rate continue to be at elevated levels, on average, 5.7% through 2021, followed by a gradual improvement, reaching 2.4% by the end of 2022 -- I'm sorry, 4.2% by the end of 2022. The forecast assumes that GDP grows at 6.2% annual -- an annual rate during 2021, resulting in GDP returning to pre-pandemic levels during 2021. Our forecast considers improved government stimulus, but not any further fiscal or monetary actions. Non-accrual loans amounted to $1.9 billion or 1.97% of loans at the end of March. This was up slightly from 1.92% at the end of last December. As noted, net charge-offs for the recent quarter amounted to $75 million. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were 31 basis points for the first quarter compared with 39 basis points in the fourth quarter. Loans 90 days past due, on which we continue to accrue interest, were $1.1 billion at the end of the recent quarter, 96% of those loans were guaranteed by government-related entities. Turning to capital. M&T's common equity Tier 1 ratio was an estimated 10.4% compared with 10.0% at the end of the fourth quarter, and which reflects a slight reduction in risk-weighted assets and earnings net of dividends. As previously noted, the People's United merger is pending. We don't plan to engage in any stock repurchases activity -- repurchase activity while that is pending. Now turning to the outlook. While the economy continues to improve and funds from stimulus programs reach our commercial and consumer clients, we haven't seen enough change in our outlook for 2021 in any significant way from what we shared on the January call. Aside from the improved credit outlook as evidenced by the reserve release this quarter, I don't intend to provide any updates. Darren's remarks as to net interest income, loan growth, fees and expenses still hold. And those, of course, are -- predate our merger announcement and don't contemplate any impact from the merger. We supply the merger-related comments at the time of announcement.  Of course, as you're aware, our projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events and other macroeconomic factors, which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future.  So now let's open up the call to questions before which Maria will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe of Morgan Stanley.
René Jones: Hi, Ken.
Ken Zerbe: Hey, René. It’s like you never left in terms of given the prepared remarks. All right. Maybe just to start off, in terms of the reserve release, the way the press release read and even your comments, it sounds like you guys are still applying a fair amount of qualitative overlays that are fairly negative that you're -- there's a lot of uncertainty in the market, but you still released reserves pretty meaningfully this quarter. Is it fair to assume that if the economy continues to get slowly better and some of those qualitative overlays come off, that we could actually see a more material negative provision expense next quarter?
René Jones : I guess the way I think about it is, if you look at how our allowance worked at the end of the quarter, we saw releases in the commercial C&I book and in the consumer book. And those are largely reflective of the GDP and unemployment projection improvements that you've seen. And I think the thing to think about as you know, that one of the unique things about this period of time is that it's uneven, right? So while we're having good projections and unemployment is coming down, we've got great projections for GDP, it's not even everywhere. And so some of the places that are affected by travel and entertainment, right, are still lagging behind. So while we've seen things, for example, like higher scheduled bookings for the summer and the fall, we've really yet to see the improvement, particularly in our CRE and our hotel exposures.  So without using the word overlays, I think that we're looking for signs of improvement in those particular areas, which would be required before we would see any reduction in the reserves on those portfolios.
Ken Zerbe: Got it. Okay, that makes sense. And then just as a follow-up question. You're obviously building up a fairly sizable cash position, given all the deposit growth. How are you thinking about investing some of that cash into higher-yielding securities potentially?
René Jones: It's a great question. We give a lot of thought. I think our first thought, it starts with the idea that we probably, at the end of the quarter, probably had $20 billion of excess liquidity beyond what we would use and use for our liquidity position. And I think a huge portion of that is clearly related to what I would call, transitory. Now the big issue is how long does it transition? And so when we -- first thought that we have is that we hate to invest in low-return assets. So we don't think it's our job to invest for you all of that cash in securities because you could go do that off on your own. The returns are too low. Having said that, we do have one of the smallest securities book out there. And so we're sort of constantly monitoring this idea of how low do we want to make that go. So I think maybe the more interesting thing long-term is what's really hard to see is the growth in activity that may be permanent that's happening over time, the account growth, those types of things, and the behavior of customers. So I think when we do see, which maybe for a while -- may not be for a while because of more infrastructure spending and things like that. But when we do see a return, I think we may see a higher level of cash balances for quite some time. And as that becomes more clear to us, we would think about investing those dollars. But I think it's a little too early today.
Ken Zerbe: All right. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pancari of Evercore ISI.
René Jones: John?
John Pancari: Good morning, René.
René Jones: Hey.
John Pancari: I just wanted to maybe touch on loan demand. If you can talk a little bit about where you're seeing any improvement at all, particularly on the commercial side, really interested in what you're seeing on the pipeline front. And are you seeing any signs of pickup in CapEx activity? And then separately on the consumer side as well, what you're seeing? Thanks a lot.
René Jones : Yes. So in the C&I space, I think, I don't know if it's a change, but if you look in the areas of M&A activity, if you look in the areas of manufacturing, we've seen some progress there. But beyond that, it's very slow. Utilization was either flat to slightly down this quarter. We're seeing very limited, if any, growth, really declines in the CRE segment because there's just no demand because of the state of things there.  Having said that, it's interesting, as particularly commercial volumes remain low, if you look back, as I did over four, five quarters, you do see a steady increase in the roll on margin. So the activity that is getting done is at higher return levels. So that should have some impact as we move further -- not immediate impact, but as we -- as that continues, that should have some positive impact on the margin. Things remain -- still remain really robust on the consumer side with the exception of HELOC loans.
John Pancari: Got it. Okay, thanks. That’s helpful. And then separately, on the credit quality side, I wonder if you could update us on the commercial real estate portfolio. I know you indicated the areas of stress by industry, but I know you also noted that there wasn't necessarily a release there on the commercial real estate side. So if you could just remind us the size of that reserve as well when you give some update on the trends? Thanks.
René Jones: Yes. So what I'll say is, no surprise, hotels continue to be the property type that are under the greatest amount of stress in our portfolio. And hotel CRE loans were the largest contributor to the -- in our -- in both -- in our criticized book. And the thing to think about it is, given the duration of the pandemic and its impact on things like travel, it's really not surprising that the hotels kind of face greater stress. So you'll remember that although performance, we're seeing some slight improvement -- give me one second -- we've seen some slight improvement, most of our hotel portfolios really can't support the contractual debt service payments without an in-place modification or maybe as important support from their sponsors. So what that means is that while you've seen an increase in classified -- so this quarter, we've seen about a $1 billion increase in our classifieds, about half of that was in the hotel space. Really what that is, is just the length of time. Having said that, we don't expect that those downgrades will contribute to increased risk of loss because that really depends on other factors like beyond the credit grade, like the strength of the sponsors and the value of the underlying collateral. You'll notice that we didn't have much of an increase to non-performance, for example.  In terms of those two factors, the strength of our collateral: first, what we've been doing is we've been on a mission to reappraise all of our hospitality properties that are in excess of $5 million and that are in the classified status. So that reflects a little over 100 properties and that accounts for $2.3 billion in exposure. So the first 62 of those appraisals so far through February have shown as-is values that have declined about 15% and stabilized values that reflect about a 6% decline. Keep that in mind that we're starting with 56% LTV. And then if you jump to New York City, we've seen a 24% as-is decline with a 4% stabilized decline, but that starts with an LTV above 47%, right? So that gives you a sense that the migration we're seeing in classifieds in the space is pretty normal of what we would have expected, but it's not necessarily an indication of loss content. And then finally, the last thing I'd say is, in talking to all of our sponsors, they seem to remain strong and capable of supporting the properties until conditions improve. And we really have a low number of properties, maybe something like 12%, 13% that come due this year and a significant portion that are 2023 and beyond, in excess of 60% that are further out. So we think we're in a good position to kind of watch this stuff change. I don't know if I have the numbers on the specific reserve for you.
John Pancari: Yes, no problem. I can get that later on.
René Jones: Okay. Okay, great.
John Pancari: Okay. All right. Thanks, René. I appreciate it.
René Jones: Yes. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dave Rochester of Compass Point.
Dave Rochester: I know you mentioned no updates on the guidance front for 2021, but the interest rate backdrop does look a little bit better today versus a few months ago. So I was just wondering if -- you talked about how you're factoring that in. I know you'd mentioned NII down maybe in the low to mid-single-digit range for the year at that point. So I was just curious what the offsets might be there, if it's weaker loan growth or some other area? Or maybe you're thinking that range is still good, but maybe it's better into that range, is more likely? Just any color there would be great.
René Jones : Yes. No, it's a good question. I think we're looking at low single-digit year-over-year change in the margin, decline in the margin. But I would say that we are off to a good start. If you think about how do you outperform that, you kind of -- your first quarter is probably the toughest because you’re on a declining trend. And so we're excited that we actually outperformed there. And I think the things that we're not sure how long they last, but things like the extended foreclosure moratorium means that we'll be doing less repooling of the Ginnie Mae. It means they'll be on the balance sheet longer, right? So that will produce some results and then the cash balances are relatively high. So I'd just say we feel good and optimistic about at least -- at the least meeting our projections.
Dave Rochester: Okay. Great. And then maybe just switching to the loan growth front. You mentioned the Ginnie Mae buyouts. I was just wondering, can you just talk about how that opportunity looks there going forward? And then maybe just on the overall, just for the PPP production for the quarter and then recognized fee, it would be great.
René Jones : Just say the last part again, last part?
Dave Rochester: Sure. The -- so the PPP production in the quarter and then what you guys realized from an amortized fee perspective this quarter?
René Jones : Yes. Okay. So on the Ginnie, it will be hard to continue to find places to purchase Ginnie’s, we keep working on it. But at the end of the day, particularly again, because of the foreclosure modification and the extension going out, we think there's just going to be fewer opportunities to do that. In terms of the PPP loans…
Michael Spychala : $2.5 billion.
René Jones : What was it, Mike, 2…?
Michael Spychala : Yes. We booked $2.5 billion in PPP 2, during the quarter, most of that in March and then we had about $1.8 billion of repayments. So the repayments did push the income up a little bit. But in total, interest income from the PPP was relatively flat to slightly down a couple of million bucks from last quarter.
Dave Rochester: How much fees -- how many in the way of fees do you have now that's left…?
René Jones : We haven't disclosed that number, I don't think. I'm not sure. But we were -- modestly, it did almost no change. Maybe it was down $3 million. And we don't expect a significant change. That will progressively move. But by next quarter, we don't expect a significant change on it.
Michael Spychala: Yes. It depends on the pace of repayments, right?
René Jones : What I will tell you is that when you take a step back and think about the margin that we have, the excess cash, if you take the $20 billion that I talked about before, if you didn't have that, that essentially takes your printed margin up over 50 basis points. And if you also exclude all of the PPP activity balances and all the income, that has about a 9 basis point impact in the other direction. So what really is interesting to me is that aside from those 2 factors, our margin has held up really, really well compared to historical terms. But it's just a little noisy. You can't see it because of those 2 items.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Got a question for you. As you touched on already about the high amounts of liquidity that you have on your balance sheet with the cash sitting at the Federal Reserve being up so dramatically like the entire industry because of quantitative easing and such. I guess 1 of the questions I have for you is, I can understand why JPMorgan Chase and some of our big money center banks have seen such a surge in deposits because of quantitative easing, can you walk through for us how the flow is coming into your organization in terms of the deposits that's forcing you now to increase your deposits in your reserves up to the central bank?
René Jones : Yes. That's a great question. I -- what you have to do is just to kind of go back prior to the pandemic and think about our operating model. We more than -- I mean more than most, focus on core operating accounts, right? So we have never had a need to actually do a national -- what are they called, things as Internet bank that raises money across the network, we're always raising money predominantly in our customer businesses with operating accounts. And what you're going to see when that happens with operating accounts, all of the cash from the stimulus, all of the cash, the monetary events that have taken place, are actually going into customer accounts. And because our proportion of customer accounts and core operating higher than most institutions, you see the impact on M&T is outsized. Now that means that we've got to manage it very closely. So today, for example, we're very making sure that sort of nobody is renting our balance sheet for free and just parking money that nobody else wants. Again, core operating concepts. But that's the principal reason. And you can actually draw a comparison between a percentage of both DDA and, let's say, transaction accounts. If you get that information across institutions, and go before the crisis and then look, today, you'll see that's the differentiator.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then to bring those balances down, it's not necessarily going to take higher interest rates where they would maybe move the money out. It would be more business activity picking up where they utilize the cash to grow their businesses.
René Jones : Exactly. Exactly. So that's 1 that you'll begin to see. You'll see -- I think you're going to see, both on the consumer side and business, more spending. I think it might be 1 of the factors which gives us the most uncertainty about loan growth because there's so much cash that's been built up. And then if you start looking at certain factors, it's not just sentiment. Remember, for example, with large -- with middle-market companies, the supply chains are still not fully unlocked and back to normal, right? So that's preventing people from maybe building up inventories, very classic example would be the auto industry and so forth. So -- but you got that exactly right. I would expect to see that a fair portion of this starts to increase spending, both from consumers and commercial. I also think, this is my own opinion, that events like pandemics will linger for a very long time, and the idea that customers are going to keep higher ongoing levels of cash as a permanent way of doing business makes a lot of sense to me.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then as a follow-up question, and you touched on it in the answer you just gave me. You're 1 of the better floor plan financiers throughout the Northeast with autos. Can you talk to us to the very issue about the supply chain? There's quite a bit written about the shortage of semiconductor chips affecting the production of automobiles. What are your dealers telling you? And how are they doing right now?
René Jones : Well, I think the dealerships are all doing fine, right, because the activity there is that it's very difficult to get new cars. But having said that, there's a search around, right, for used cars. And so as things, for example, as your car comes off lease, right? If you don't actually take on and buy that car, they had some nice source of cars into the dealers. And this is one of the principal reasons why used car prices are so high, right? If you're thinking about the third quarter of last year, we thought were sort of record highs on used car prices. What -- and we thought that by the fourth quarter, that would start to come down. But those supply chains really haven't unlocked and the prices were just continuing to go up, which means the dealers are really healthy. There's sort of a nice natural offset for them.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And if Darren is listening, get better quickly, Darren.
Operator: Our next question Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matt O'Connor: Just to push maybe 1 last time here on the cash part of the discussion. So you definitely seem more confident that some of the cash is going to stick. We've seen a pretty material rise in rates, although off of a really low level, and your loan trends are better than peers, which I want to ask for my second question, but it's still just very modest growth. Like what are you waiting for to buy some securities? And if you have loaded up on securities, I'd ask you why you're buying so much? So I asked at the extremes because we took all your cash and put it in like some other banks, I think it adds about 10% to earnings. So what are you waiting for?
René Jones : So this is how it goes, Matt. This is how it goes internally, right? So I call up -- Darren and I call up Scott Warman and we ask that exact question every month. What are you waiting for? And then what we find out is we're really, really happy when the 10-year was at its low that he didn't respond to us. And -- but when the 10-year got itself up to the 170s range, we've dipped our toe back in the market, but not significantly. Because we just kind of look through, and we think that these bond prices don't make much sense from a long-term perspective, and we know that, right? So while we could make a little bit more money, we're constantly focused on risk-adjusted returns. Are we making the right decisions? So while we might purchase a few more securities, I don't see it being a meaningful move or a meaningful change in the way we position it, unless we see better risk-adjusted returns on those portfolios.
Don MacLeod: Matt, the option-adjusted spread on pass-throughs turned negative again. So you're not being paid to take the negative convexity risk.
Matt O'Connor: Well, some other banks think differently, but yes, it's a 10-year asset that you're locking in, so very questionable, agreed. So just a separate question. The loans ticked up a little bit this quarter. I think the industry overall was down kind of 2% to 3%. You already touched on like the Ginnie Mae purchases. PPNR, big thing factor. You're probably benefiting from not having as much card runoff. But it still feels like ex everything, loan trends are a little more resilient. I'm wondering if you would agree and what's driving that. And then, of course, when things pick up, M&T usually doesn't lead the pack in terms of loan growth, but how do you think you'll fare versus the industry from here up?
René Jones : I think that our C&I customers are more optimistic than they were last quarter and the quarter before. I think that sentiment will continue to change. I think you're going to see more activity. And the question will be a matter of timing, do they use their cash and do they come up. But we -- the trend if you look at this quarter, has actually been pretty decent on the C&I space when you net out the PPP effect. So commercial real estate, I don't expect to do much for the near term, I think there's a lot better -- obviously, a lot of pain there, but there's also a lot of resetting going on. The one place where I think we've talked about and everybody's talked about, warehouse and industrial. The issue there, though, is because it's the only class in real estate that prices -- again, pricing and economics have been computed away, so it doesn't make any sense from an economic perspective for us to lean into that space. So I think we're optimistic about loan growth for the long-term, but it's just going to take some time to start moving in the right direction.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache of Wolfe Research.
Bill Carcache: I know revenue synergies weren't included in your initial guidance post the People's United acquisition. But, René, can you just discuss how much focus there is ahead of closing, on doing everything you can to really hit the ground running in 2022 as you look at some of the opportunities that M&T will have in your legacy markets and vice versa?
René Jones : Yes. Well, it's kind of funny that the actual -- just the whole process of integration is really getting at that, right? We -- what I would start by saying is, we sort of set up our transition teams, everybody on each side of the -- each side -- both organizations have met, everything that we've seen, particularly on the businesses that we're not really part of, have confirmed everything that we saw in due diligence. Number two, we're super impressed with their talent and their people. We've done a lot of acquisitions, among all of them this one sort of stands out where the people who are running the businesses -- the business are really capable, including the couple of businesses that we don't have. So there's a lot of dialogue going on just around exactly what you're talking about. And I'll just remind you that we think, for example, from the M&T side, some of the capabilities that we have with small business banking, our key treasury management, capital markets expertise, extending that to their customer base is going to provide a significant opportunity. We have M&T Realty Capital Corp, which allows us to meet the needs of real estate clients, but not necessarily use our balance sheet for that. And that's a new capability for them. And then of course, Wilmington Trust, combined with their wealth, I think we're going to bring a lot more capabilities combined than we would individually to the New England markets. If you go the other way, we're very excited and continue to be excited about the equipment finance business and being able to offer that -- those services to M&T's small business and middle market customers. And so it's not a short list, right, which is sort of one of the principal reasons that we felt that we could do a better job for our collective customers together than separately.
Bill Carcache: Understood. Just to follow up on -- not to beat a dead horse, but to follow up on the excess liquidity discussion. Your rationale makes a ton of sense. But I guess, just looking at the numbers we've seen, the securities portfolio go from over 14% of your average earning assets in 2017 to just under 5% this quarter. At some point -- and you've talked around this, but maybe could you just give a little bit of color on the extent to which you're worried that at some point, your competitive lead disadvantage have nothing else from the NII opportunity that you're foregoing even if it comes with some interest rate risk, but maybe a little bit of color around that point.
René Jones : I'll just simply say, Bill, you're thinking about it the right way, right? I think that we're very disciplined in that. We look at almost every trade. But you really have to step back and look at the overall balance sheet. We're below $7 billion in securities, right? And so at some point, you're really only going to go so low. But if you compare that to when you make that decision and think on average, where the 10-year has been, not today, but where it's been, we're really happy with our decision. But at the same time, you're totally right, like you got to look at it as a portfolio. And we do believe we're getting more and more evidence, particularly as new programs come in, the infrastructure build that they're talking about next, right? It gives us some sense that the risk is lowering and then the cash may be around a little bit longer. So we'll have to look at that overall portfolio and realize how small can the securities portfolio get?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Peter Winter from Wedbush Securities.
Peter Winter: I wanted to ask about asset sensitivity. In prior calls, Darren had said, for each 25 basis point rate hike, NIM benefit 6 to 10 basis points, but the balance sheet has gotten so much more asset sensitive. And so I was wondering, can you just give an update to the impact to NIM from rate hikes? And then secondly, are there any plans to maybe reduce asset sensitivity with layering in some swaps?
René Jones : So first of all, the numbers that Darren gave like you just cited last quarter haven't changed much at all. We're pretty much in the same position. But it's sort of the same topic, right? I mean -- so by putting on swaps, you're turning a floating rate asset into a fixed-rate asset. Said another way, you're adding to your fixed rate exposure. And you could do the same things with securities, right, but we're really cautious about doing that. And as Don said, locking in negative economic returns. So it's a good thing. I mean the other way to say it is that if you're worried about the negative economic returns, 1 offsetting factor is that you're actually neutralizing yourselves, right? Because we all think that rates can't go below zero, but that's not true. And so there is some added benefit to that. But the swap issue is the same as the securities issue to me.
Peter Winter: Okay. And then can I just ask about the credit outlook, just how you're thinking about net charge-offs for the remainder of the year, especially with not expecting much loss content in the hospitality portfolio?
René Jones : Yes. I think what Darren has talked about is that we'll continue to remain at or maybe slightly above our historical average, I think our term averages in the mid-30s, 30 range. I think that if you think about -- just to give you a sense, if you think about gross charge-offs net of recoveries, we're about $122 million last quarter, $123 million this quarter, pretty steady. What was different about this that brought us down to 31 basis points is that we had about $23 million, $24 million more of recoveries. One of those, for example, was on a company that's a supplier to the energy business or the fracking business, the supplier of services there. And that the rest of them were across the board, a smaller number of recoveries. So the consistent trend, I think, is kind of there, underlying that. It's hard to predict what's going to happen with recoveries. But I think Darren's comments might make sense maybe at or maybe slightly above and for some period of time long run average.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin of Jeffries.
Ken Usdin: Just 1 question on the fee side. I think you mentioned prepared remarks that the residential-related fees were up and helped by higher gain on sale margins, which is a nice bucking of the trend versus most industry peers. Can you just talk us through, was that about timing or about mix resecuritization just -- and your forward thoughts on just how the mortgage business should act going forward?
René Jones : Yes. You got it right. Timing and mix, that's a perfect statement. I think if you were to look at underlying margins, as you think like purely margins to the customer, those were flat to slightly down. But there was a lot of noise in volume and rates moving around in between. And so that sort of market sensitivity allowed us to capture more economics. And so the overall gross margin was higher. If I saw something that was slightly encouraging, it was that while we had maybe just under 4% increase in applications, our pipeline at the end of the quarter was up 5.5%. And so we kind of ended the quarter with the same momentum that we had or maybe slightly better than we did during the quarter. So that should help as we move into next quarter. I mean hard to predict what's going to happen with margin, but that core underlying trend was slightly negative.
Ken Usdin: And then just on the trust income line, another good performance there, up sequentially. Did you have any incremental burden from money market fee waivers? And if so, do you know the -- where that stands right now in an aggregate?
René Jones : Yes. So that's a good point. So when you look at those numbers, we had nice growth, but there was an offset from the money market waivers. I think the total amount of waivers that we have are around $12 million or $13 million that are embedded in that today. And I think that increased by $1 million quarter-over-quarter there.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Last quick one in the S-4, it mentioned that you guys will eventually give a $25 million donation that would be, I think, you said at or prior to closing. Is that more of a closing quarter number that was -- was that in this quarter? Or is that more of a closing quarter type of thing that you would do on the donation?
René Jones : No. So what we did this quarter was separate from what we will do for People's which we'll decide at the time of the close. So what we did this quarter is, I think we just had a slightly elevated number. We were -- I think were -- we made contributions of $12 million, and we typically have been doing about $3 million. I think last quarter it was around $3 million.
Ken Usdin: So that $25 million you mentioned would be more closer and contiguous with the closing itself?
René Jones : Exactly. Exactly. Separate
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: René, my questions have all been asked and answered. Thank you.
René Jones : Any other questions?
Don MacLeod : There's still several more queued up.
Operator: Our next question comes from Frank Schiraldi of Piper Sandler.
René Jones : Let me guess you're going to ask about cash.
Frank Schiraldi : No. I was going to but after the fourth question I decided to stray it. But I only have -- yes, I mean just on how much -- I'm trying to figure out how much capital might still be locked up in reserves, not only for M&T, but for [everything]. And so just following up on the potential for additional reserve release, is the best way to think about where the reserve to loan ratio sort of flushes out in a more normal environment? Just look back at CECL day 1 mark for you guys and for others. And so for M&T, maybe 1%, 1.3% or something where you guys were. Is that still the most reasonable place to put it?
René Jones : Yes. I mean I think -- I'll say this, I mean I don't disagree with what you said. But what it comes down to is what's your loan mix and what's the quality of your underwriting. And that for us really hasn't changed. So today, if I were here to say -- answer the question, could we get back to our -- where we were in our lows or a normal short, we're going to still see the same cycle a little be sharper. But in a calmer, more neutral environment, we would have -- we would probably look like we did in the past.
Frank Schiraldi : Okay. And then just a quick follow-up on PPP forgiveness. You still have a significant level of 2020 PPP loans on the books. And just wondering your thoughts on, does the majority of that run off the books in the current quarter? How should we think about that from a modeling?
René Jones : No. We have it running down sort of over time, there's no sort of sharp drop in that space. So I mean, as you're thinking about quarter-over-quarter and getting your way through the year and into next, that's what I would think about it, a steady drop. I think if you take Mike's comments, you kind of get a sense of the ins and outs. And so I think we -- on the original PPP loans, are we 50% of the way through? Has been run off of 50% of the original PPP loans, which started at about $7 billion, $6.5 billion were -- are now gone and 50% are there. So that should give you some sense.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo of Wells Fargo Securities.
Mike Mayo: Your CEO letter talks about new approaches with business banking and -- from Baltimore, Washington, Philly, Delaware, Virginia, you talked about, iHeartRadio and interviews with 130 local CEOs. So it seems like you're still revising your approach locally. My question is, what metrics do you track to monitor your progress? And how those metrics changed and where you hope those metrics will go? I know you're not talking about the People's United transaction, but it would give us a better sense for, are you looking at market share by MSA? Are you looking at average fees for business customer? Or what else are you looking at to monitor your progress?
René Jones : I think you'll be happy to know it's not fancy. We measure the amount of checking accounts -- business banking checking accounts, we open every month against the amount of checking accounts that we close. On the ones that we closed, we're trying to find the friction points and make things easier so that they're not leaving and transitioning out. And it's really interesting that you asked the question because I mean we've seen just -- I would just -- I'll just use the words, I mean let's see how permanent it is, but we've seen a dramatic increase in our business banking DDA production primarily driven by new customer acquisition. And I think what's happening is that's a combination of this idea that we've been introduced as a trusted partner through the PPP program, we've been introduced to a lot more customers. And at the same time, we now -- it's not been that long since we launched our small business online origination channel. And so what we're seeing is that the combination of those 2 things, I guess, people's awareness about our capabilities and what we do have actually increased.  So really simple, every quarter, what's happening with checking accounts? Are we opening them? Are they from existing customers, new customers? What are the MSAs they're working in? I have a real big bent on empowering our teams in the individual communities. So the way in which we do things in Boston or New Hampshire might be different than Baltimore, but the expectation on the metrics are going to be all the same. How many quality checking accounts are we opening, not necessarily how much lending we're doing because we think all that leads to a healthy company will end up in the end doing loans and things like that with us.
Mike Mayo: And just to follow up, do you have any aggregate metrics that you expect that calls out from the approach? Like I said, it could be market share by MSA or fees or just the level of growth? Or is 1 region lagging behind another region? Is like the Southern portion a little behind?
René Jones : Well, I mean, a couple of things we look at. We look at -- we've talked about a lot. We're doing a lot around Net Promoter Score. We do a lot around the Greenwich work. And if you think about the Greenwich work underneath, it doesn't just tell you that you made a lot of loans. It tells you how -- they survey your customers and they tell you where you stack up. So our -- do you do business with us, are we your lead bank? We sort of measure those things religiously. And yes, I think what you'll see is usually it's the most volume thing we have is ranked. We talked about it all the time. Are we the #1, #2 SBA lender, if we're not the #1 or 2 in our markets then why and what's happening in those spaces. Even that SBA rank is not a pure thing cover everything, but it's a huge indicator of the activity and how engaged our workforces if they're not in the #1, 2 or 3 spot in the community.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Saul Martinez of UBS.
Saul Martinez: Sorry of about that. I was on mute. But how much of hedge income did you win this quarter from your swap book? I think you said [$275 million] for the full year. I don't think you gave a number. I'm not going to…
Don MacLeod : It’s about $90 million this quarter.
René Jones : It's about $90 million. Yes. Well, I would say -- and I'm sure -- I'm in this little temporary. I'll get the stage for 1 morning. But I tend not to worry about too much about looking at hedges on their own, because the hedge always matters in the context of the rest of the portfolio. And so to the we decided to slow down our hedging or stop the hedging, what basically you're left with is you're moving away from -- you've turned floating rate assets into fixed rate assets, you're moving them back basically. And the question is what's happening with the rest of the portfolio. In past recessions, we would see much higher margin on our roll-on commercial loans, and that would be replacing the rundown in the hedges. And so the real issue is loan growth in my mind. That's how I think about it. Darren will change that next week. So you only have 30 -- 90 days to think the way I do.
Saul Martinez: Good. Got it. Just if I could pick a bit over to capital and ask, how you're thinking about your optimal capital position once the deal closes? And I think you've talked about [10%] fee if you won, yield is subject now to the June '20 results. So that seemingly gives you a healthy cushion. I believe you talked in the past about being sort of at the lower end of your peer group. So putting all that stuff together, how are you thinking about capital returns and capital optimization and optimal capital as we head into '22?
René Jones : Yes, your construct is right. We think ultimately, our desire is to run towards the lower end of our peers. I think the context to think about is we went under a really, really hard stress test the last fall, the redo last fall. And we went into that test around [9.4], and we were able to survive pretty severe space, particularly in the real estate space, which we have high concentration in. We're 100 basis points above that today, right? So that tells you -- that starts to tell you the excess part.  The other thing is, I think we're going to see a change, not immediately, but over time, around real estate exposure, how we think about those things. Because to the extent that there's sort of a de facto assumption of losses on real estate in the teens when you book it, right? Well, that begins to change the economics and we have to think about our portfolios because we believe just being efficient use of capital is really important. So we've thought a lot about how we might do certain things differently in the commercial real estate space. And to the extent that we do, that means that, that will be -- even position us better to be at the lower end of our peers.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that was our final question. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Don MacLeod for any additional or closing remarks.
Don MacLeod : Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, if clarification of any of the items on the call or the news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department at (716) 842-5138. Thank you, and goodbye.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-21 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the M&T Bank's Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants lines have been placed in a listen-only mode. And later the floor will be open for your question. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Don MacLeod, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Don MacLeod: Thank you, Maria, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to thank you for participating in M&T's fourth quarter and full year 2020 earnings conference call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website, www.mtb.com by clicking on the Investor Relations link and then on the Events and Presentations link. Also, before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on Forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now I'd like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, Darren King.
Darren King: Thanks, Don, and good morning, everyone, and Happy New Year. Before we get into the details, I'll touch on just a few highlights in the recent quarter's results. PPP loan forgiveness ramped up in the fourth quarter. Average PPP loans declined by $351 million compared with the third quarter and were down $1.1 billion on an end-of-period basis. This resulted in the accelerated recognition of $29 million of PPP loan fees into net interest income during the quarter. In addition to the impact of accelerated PPP loan fees, net interest income increased as a result of improved deposit pricing across all customer segments. Notwithstanding the PPP forgiveness, average loans were up during the quarter, including growth in dealer floor plan loans, and mortgage loans purchased from servicing pools. Fee revenues held up well, particularly trust income due to continued strong capital markets and service charges due to the improved economic activity. Expenses were impacted by costs relating to the migration of our retail brokerage platform to LPL Financial and were otherwise in line with our expectations. As to credit, we saw an increase in nonaccrual loans this quarter that is consistent with the higher expected credit losses that we provided for earlier in the year. While CRE loans came off COVID forbearance and net charge-offs rose to a level just above our long-term average. Capital levels remained strong with our CET1 ratio growing to 10% at year-end. We'll review the numbers for the full year in a moment, but first let's turn to the results of the fourth quarter. Diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $3.52 in the fourth quarter of 2020, compared with $2.75 in the third quarter of 2020, and $3.60 in the fourth quarter of 2019. Net income for the quarter was $471 million, compared with $372 million in the linked quarter and $493 million in the year ago quarter. On a GAAP basis, M&T's fourth quarter results produced an annualized rate of return on average assets of 1.3% and an annualized return on average common equity of 12.07%. This compares with rates of 1.06% and 9.53%, respectively in the previous quarter. Included in GAAP results in the recent quarter were after-tax expenses from the amortization of intangible assets amounting to $2 million or $0.02 per common share, little change from the prior quarter. Consistent with our long-term practice, M&T provides supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis, from which we have only ever excluded the after-tax effect of amortization of intangible assets as well as any gains or expenses associated with mergers and acquisitions when they occur. M&T's net operating income for the fourth quarter, which excludes intangible amortization, was $473 million compared with $375 million in the linked quarter, and $496 million in last year's fourth quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $3.54 for the recent quarter compared with $2.77 in 2020's third quarter and $3.62 in the fourth quarter of 2019. Net operating income yielded annualized rates of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders' equity of 1.35% and 17.53% for the recent quarter. The comparable returns were 1.1% and 13.94% in the third quarter of 2020. In accordance with the SEC's guidelines, this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results including tangible assets and equity. Included in the recent quarter's results was a $30 million distribution from Bayview Lending Group. This amounted to $23 million after-tax effect and $0.18 per common share. We expect that this distribution occurred in place of the usual distribution we have received from Bayview Lending Group in the first quarter of the past few years. Turning to the balance sheet and the income statement. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $993 million in the fourth quarter of 2020, marking an increase of $46 million or 5% from the linked quarter. The primary driver of that increase was the accelerated recognition of $29 million of fees on PPP loans following forgiveness of those loans by the small business administration. The net interest margin increased by 5 basis points to 3% compared with 2.95% in the linked quarter. The accelerated recognition of PPP fees added an estimated 9 basis points to the margin. A 5 basis point decline in the cost of interest-bearing deposits, repayment of debt outstanding and slightly higher income from our hedge portfolio, boosted the margin by an estimated 4 basis points. Continued inflows of excess liquidity, including DDA and interest checking resulted in a $4.5 billion increase in cash on deposit with the Federal Reserve. While this had a negligible impact on net interest income, it contributed to about 10 basis points of pressure on the net interest margin. All other factors, including lower premium amortization on acquired mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities provided an approximate 2 basis point benefit to the margin. Average total loans increased by $456 million or about 0.5% compared to the previous quarter. Looking at loans by category, on an average basis compared with the linked quarter, commercial and industrial loans declined by $620 million or about 2%. Contributing to that decline was a $351 million decline in PPP loans, primarily reflecting loan forgiveness. Partially offsetting that, was a $231 million increase in floor plan loans as dealers seed to rebuild inventories following a very robust sales year. All other C&I loans declined by $500 million, largely from lower line utilization. We'd note that on an end-of-period basis, dealer loans were up $800 million and all other C&I loans were roughly flat, excluding the PPP forgiveness. Commercial real estate loans grew just over 1% compared with the third quarter, primarily as the result of further draws on pre-existing loans. New originations in the CRE space remained subdued. Residential real estate loans increased by $204 million or 1%, reflecting loans purchased from Ginnie Mae servicing pools, pending resolution, partially offset by repayments. Consumer loans were up 3%, reflecting higher indirect auto and recreation finance loans, partially offset by lower home equity lines of credit. Average core customer deposits, which exclude deposits received at M&T's Cayman Islands office as well as CDs over $250,000, grew by $4.5 billion or 4% compared with the third quarter reflecting higher interest and noninterest checking as well as money market deposit accounts. Turning to noninterest income. Noninterest income totaled $551 million in the fourth quarter compared with $521 million in the prior quarter. That increase reflects the $30 million distribution from Bayview Lending Group that I previously mentioned. The recent quarter also included $2 million of valuation gains on equity securities, largely on our remaining holdings of GSE preferred stock, while the third quarter included $3 million of such gains. Mortgage banking revenues were $140 million in the recent quarter compared with $153 million in the linked quarter. Residential mortgage loans originated for sale were $1.2 billion in the quarter, unchanged from the third quarter. Total residential mortgage banking revenues, including origination and servicing activities, were $95 million in the fourth quarter compared with $119 million in the prior quarter. The decrease reflects a lower gain on sale margin and residential servicing revenues declined very slightly. Commercial mortgage banking revenues totaled $45 million, encompassing both originations and servicing. The improvement from the third quarter was mainly a result of higher origination volumes. Trust income was $151 million in the recent quarter, up slightly from $150 million in the previous quarter. Business remains solid with slightly higher money market fund fee waivers, more than offset by higher levels of assets managed and continued good capital markets activity. Service charges on deposit accounts were $96 million, improved from $91 million in the third quarter. The improvement is largely the result of increased economic activity that resulted in growth in payments-related income. Excluding the BLG distribution, the improvement in other revenues from operations compared with the linked quarter also reflected an uptick in credit card-related activity. Turning to expenses. Operating expenses for the fourth quarter, which exclude the amortization of intangible assets, were $842 million compared with $823 million in the third quarter. Salaries and benefits declined by $3 million from the prior quarter. In accordance with the previously announced contract with LPL Financial, M&T took its first steps to transition its retail brokerage and advisory business to the LPL platform. In doing so, M&T incurred $14 million of transition expenses, including severance payments included in salaries and benefits, and a contract termination payment that is included in other costs of operations. Also included in other cost of operations is a $3 million addition to the valuation allowance for our mortgage servicing asset. This follows additions of $10 million to the allowance in each of the first and second quarters of 2020. The efficiency ratio, which excludes intangible amortization from the numerator and securities gains or losses from the denominator, was 54.6% in the recent quarter compared with 56.2% in the third quarter and 53.2% in the fourth quarter of 2019. Next, let's turn to credit. Under CECL, and as a result of the pandemic driven economic slowdown, M&T added $800 million to its allowance for credit losses over the course of 2020, while delinquencies, nonaccrual loans and net charge-offs have until recently remained relatively benign. In the CECL environment, statistical models helped predict expected loss content, which must be reserved for well in advance of default. The old loss reserving process didn't permit establishment of an allowance until loss content became incurred. Thus, loss reserves and charge-offs generally rose as delinquencies and nonaccruals increased. We're beginning to see the expected rise in nonaccrual loans and charge-offs that have already been reserved for under the CECL methodology. Net charge-offs for the recent quarter amounted to $97 million. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were 39 basis points for the fourth quarter compared with 12 basis points in the third quarter. It's interesting to note that the charge-off rate in the fourth quarter approximated our long-term average. During the quarter, we restructured substantially all of our limited exposure to the operators of regional malls. These had been under stress prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, which resulted in further deterioration and pushed them into default. The provision for loan losses in the fourth quarter amounted to $75 million, which was $22 million less than net charge-offs. The allowance for credit losses declined slightly to $1.7 billion or 1.76% of loans. That ratio was 1.79% of loans at the end of September. As has been the case since the beginning of 2020, the allowance at the end of the fourth quarter reflects an updated macroeconomic scenario. The scenario is different and less severe than those used at the end of the first and second quarters and modestly less severe than that used at the end of the third quarter, each of which model the uncertainty of the COVID-19 driven damage to the economy. In addition to losses that may be expected from newly originated loans, the allowance and the related provision for the recent quarter continued to reflect the ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on economic activity. The uncertainty over additional economic stimulus and the ultimate collectibility of commercial real estate loans, most notably in the hospitality sector and retail sectors outside of the regional mall exposure. Our macroeconomic forecast uses a number of economic variables, with the largest drivers being the unemployment rate and GDP. Our forecast assumes the national unemployment rate continues to be at elevated levels on average 6.9% through 2021, followed by a gradual return to long-term historical averages by the end of 2022. The forecast assumes that GDP grows at a 4.1% annual rate during 2021, resulting in GDP returning to pre-recession levels by the end of 2021. Our forecast considers government stimulus, but not any further fiscal or monetary actions. Nonaccrual loans as of December 31 rose to $1.9 billion, an increase of $653 million from the end of September. That increase came primarily from the transfer to nonaccrual status of a handful of hotel relationships totaling $530 million. At the end of the quarter, nonaccrual loans as a percentage of loans was 1.92%. It is important to keep in mind that some of the usual credit metrics have been affected by the PPP loans on the balance sheet, which are 0 risk-weighted and carry little or no credit risk. Excluding the impact of PPP loans, the ratio of the allowance for credit losses to loans would be 1.86%. Similarly, the ratio of nonaccrual loans to total loans would be 2.03% and annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans would be 42 basis points. Loans 90 days past due, on which we continue to accrue interest, were $859 million at the end of the recent quarter. Of these loans, $798 million or 93% were government-guaranteed by government-related entities. Government-guaranteed loans under COVID forbearance and which we have purchased from servicing tools are generally not reflected in these figures. As we noted on the October conference call, in the third -- and in the third quarter 10-Q, total loans under COVID-related modifications declined to $9.4 billion as of September 30. Those figures declined further to $5.3 billion at the end of the fourth quarter. Commercial and industrial loans with COVID-related modifications declined from $850 million to $433 million at the end of 2020. Of that figure, less than $100 million of those loans still have a form of payment deferral. COVID forbearances, other than payment deferrals, relate to things such as fee waivers and, in some cases, covenant waivers. Similarly, commercial real estate loans under COVID-related modifications declined from $5.1 billion at the end of the third quarter to $2 billion at December 31. Some $600 million of those loans have received a payment deferral. Mortgage-related loans under COVID-related modifications were $3.3 billion at the end of the third quarter, that figure declined to $2.7 billion as of the end of the fourth quarter. Remaining consumer loan modifications also declined to less than $100 million. Modification or forbearance status has not prevented us from updating loan grades within our commercial portfolio. The pace of downgrades into criticized slowed meaningfully in the fourth quarter, rising about 5% from the end of the prior quarter. Turning to capital. M&T's common equity Tier 1 ratio was an estimated 10% as of December 31 compared to 9.81% at the end of the third quarter. This reflects the impact of earnings in excess of dividends paid and slightly higher risk-weighted assets. Next, I'd like to take a moment to cover some of M&T's highlights of the past year. Overall, we believe the events of 2020 provided an illustration of the operational and financial resilience of M&T's franchise. Our colleagues performed like champions, dare I say like division champions, switching with barely a ripple to the work-from-home environment, helping clients through the extraordinary challenges presented by the lockdowns that all but brought the economy to a standstill, and helping customers navigate the PPP loan process that resulted in $7 billion of originations. The severe economic conditions brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic and the resultant 0 interest rate environment had a material impact on our financial results, including a 6% decline in pre-provision net revenue and a 30% decline in net income, partly the result of CECL accounting. Key financial highlights for the year were as follows: GAAP-based diluted earnings per common share were $9.94 compared with $13.75 in 2019. The net income was $1.35 billion compared with $1.93 billion in the prior year. These results produced returns on average assets and average common equity of 1% and 8.72%, respectively. Net operating income was $1.36 billion compared with $1.94 billion in the prior year. Net operating income for 2020, expressed as a rate of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders' equity, was 1.04% and 12.79%, respectively. Average diluted common shares declined by 4%, the result of repurchase activity in 2019 as well as the limited repurchases in the first quarter of 2020 prior to the pandemic. The total payout ratio for the year, including common stock dividends, was approximately 73%. Tangible book value per share grew to $80.52 at the end of 2020, up 7% from the end of 2019. And despite the challenges for the year, our CET1 ratio increased to 10% at the end of 2020 from 9.73% at the end of 2019. Now let's turn to the outlook. We're all pleased to see that the economy has continued to improve. The rollout of the vaccine holds the promise of a return to normalcy, but we continue to face pressures. Starting with the balance sheet, there are more moving parts than we would see in a typical year. PPP loans on our balance sheet amounted to $5.4 billion at the end of the year. We expect that substantially all of those loans will be repaid or forgiven in 2021, with the bulk of that occurring in the first half of the year. That process will be beneficial to net interest income and net interest margin in the quarters in which the Small Business Administration actually forgives the loans, similar to what we experienced in the fourth quarter. This week, we began accepting customer applications for PPP round 2. We expect these new loans to offset the decline in the original PPP balances to a certain extent. Another atypical element of the balance sheet as we enter 2021 is the level of cash and securities. It is our practice to maintain cash and securities such that we maintain sufficient liquidity and HQLA to meet our internal liquidity governance. The various stimulus programs enacted in 2020 have resulted in M&T, along with our peers, carrying higher levels of cash than normal. We believe that at year-end, we were holding close to $20 billion more in cash and securities than we would need under normal circumstances. The excess cash has little impact on net interest income, but significantly impacts the net interest margin. Every $1 billion in cash impacts the margin by 1 to 2 -- sorry, 2 to 3 basis points. One of the ways we've chosen to deploy the excess cash is through buyouts of Ginnie Mae mortgages from the pools of loans that we service or subservice. Those buyouts create net interest income in the short-term and fee income in the long-term when those loans return to performing status and may be sold to investors. As previously discussed, the active cash flow hedge position on our floating rate loan portfolio has increased to $17.4 billion in the fourth quarter and remains at that level until late this year. However, the fixed receive rate will decline as older swaps mature and newer forward starting swaps become active. Holding the unusual aspects of the balance sheet to the side, we expect total loans to be relatively flat in 2021. Commercial and industrial loans, excluding PPP, are expected to be flat to up slightly as increased economic activity leads to increased line utilization. CRE loans are expected to be flat to slightly down with a subdued outlook for new originations and slowing draws on pre-pandemic loans. Consumer loans are expected to grow at a mid-single digit pace. All in, we expect low to mid-single-digit year-over-year decline in net interest income, primarily the result of the challenging year-over-year rate environment. Turning to fees. We expect low single-digit year-over-year growth in noninterest revenues, similar to 2020. We believe the strong originations trends in mortgage banking will continue, but with continued pressures on gain on sale margins. That outlook also reflects our ability to resell the loans purchased from servicing pools, which could be delayed depending on State and Federal payment and foreclosure holidays. Trust income should be flattish with the full year impact of Money Fund fee waivers, offset by growth in other categories. This also assumes some growth in assets managed, combined with some stability in market values. We expect service charges to reflect the run rate in the fourth quarter and to improve on a full year-over-year basis. Receipt of the BayView Lending Group distribution this quarter pulled forward $30 million of revenue we previously expected to receive in 2021. Turning to expenses. Based on our expectations for growth in some fee revenue categories, primarily mortgage banking revenues and trust income, we expect expenses tied directly to those businesses will grow as well. Outside of those increases, we expect all other expense categories in the aggregate to be generally flat with the prior year. Overall, we expect expenses to be flat to up less than 1%. The trend in credit provisioning should show improvement in line with the macroeconomic outlook. Charge-offs, given the nature of the portfolio and the sectors most impacted by the pandemic, will be lumpy and will likely take longer to emerge. That said, we anticipate charge-offs will be higher in 2021 and likely higher than our long-term average. Given the uncertainty, we will focus our credit outlook on the near term. And for the first quarter of 2021, we don't currently foresee charge-offs higher than what we saw in the fourth quarter. Lastly, turning to capital. The Board has authorized us to repurchase up to $800 million of our common stock. We will continue to operate within the guidelines currently in effect by the Federal Reserve as well as taking into account the economic environment, our earnings outlook and capital position and any alternate capital deployment opportunities. Of course, as you are aware, our projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events and other macroeconomic factors, which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. Now let's open up the call to questions, before which Maria will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe of Morgan Stanley. 
Ken Zerbe : All right. Great. I guess maybe starting off, you mentioned that you're certainly sitting on a huge amount of excess cash versus kind of where you normally have been there's obviously a lot of debate around whether it's prudent to invest the excess deposits in low rates or low rate -- low-yielding securities or keep it in cash. How are you guys balancing that debate? And where do you come out on it?
Darren King: Yes. Ken, and thanks for the question. It's a discussion that we have every other week at our ALCO meetings, and our debate is always how long the cash will hang around, given the way it showed up on the balance sheet, it just nearly exploded in the second half of the year. And that impacts our decision and thought process about what kind of duration to take on. And so in the short term, as we work our way through that thought process, holding it in cash versus investing it in short-term treasuries, there really isn't much of a basis point gain from doing that. And so we're looking at alternative ways where we can get maybe a little bit better spread or yield on that cash without setting up a tremendous amount of duration risk. One of the things we mentioned in the prepared remarks was we've been using that cash for buyouts of Ginnie Mae securities. And we've found that to be an attractive use of cash in the short term, because it offsets an expense. The spread on those is better than what we would get on 1-year treasuries, and it creates the opportunity for some fee income. So we'll look for other opportunities like that. We'll watch and see how the PPP 2 goes and what the net change in loan balances is. And then we'll continue to watch the rate curve and the environment and we'll keep our powder drive. It's something we continue to look at on a regular basis to see where we can put some of that money to work because, obviously, we're not paid to hold cash. So that's always our objective, but we're trying to be prudent with how much duration risk we might be taking on.
Ken Zerbe : All right. Great. Helpful. And then maybe just a follow-up question. Can you just talk a little bit more about the -- I think you mentioned $530 million worth of hotel credits that were transferred to nonaccrual. I'd love to learn more about the credit quality of those.
Darren King: Yes. Sure. I'm happy to discuss that. When we look at those credits, I guess it's -- I don't need to take off my shoes and socks to count the number of them, which is a good thing. So we know exactly how many there are. We know exactly where they are, and we've had a long-standing relationship with many of these -- all of these clients. When I look at the loan to values of the top, let's say, we looked at the top 10, most are 60% or below. That 60%, obviously, is primarily based on at-origination, but we still haven't seen a material decrease in asset prices in the market with anything that's traded. We've seen the CMBS market come back a little bit as we got to the end of the year, which also should help sustain asset prices. And a couple of the downgrades are full relationships. And so there's a couple of larger ones, but it's not just 1 single property. It's multiple properties. And so there's good collateral behind these and good long-standing relationships. We can see some level of occupancy in the hotels. They tend to be in the larger cities. And so as the larger cities start to see more either business travel or tourism, they'll start to come back. But where we sit right now, we feel comfortable that we have our arms around these, and we have good visibility into them and are able to watch them closely. And so I would just view this as what would be the normal progression when you're in 1 of these economic cycles, right, that you start to see signs of delinquency, some of these were in the forbearance, and now they've gone to nonaccrual. And what's interesting about the new CECL environment is that you kind of take the provision and set up the reserve before you see stuff in nonaccrual. And so these are just kind of catching up to that provisioning. And generally, we called out hotels, because when you look outside of hotels, a lot of the CRE trends are actually pretty solid. Outside of that, there's really not a lot of concern today in multifamily. Retail portfolio has actually done reasonably well. And then we're actually seeing some parts of the portfolio, not necessarily CRE related, but seeing some upgrades like in the dealer book and that the dealers have done -- have just had a fantastic year, and in some cases, had record profits. And so that's really the sector that we're watching, and that's obviously why we did make that move with those loans and classifying them as nonaccrual.
Ken Zerbe : Got it. Did you have to -- did you build any incremental reserve associated with those credits when they mentioned nonaccrual?
Darren King: No, there wasn't anything material. Those that was in effect accounted for in the provisioning that we had done through the prior three quarters of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pancari of Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: On the -- back to that $530 million, was the -- was that a result of more of a deeper dive into those credits this quarter that resulted them all moving to nonaccrual this quarter? Or was it just how it played out in terms of them coming off of forbearance?
Darren King: Yes, John, it's really the latter. We've been able to identify in the hotel portfolio on a credit by credit basis, right from the start and being able to pay attention to each one of these relationships. Working with them, understanding what their NOI is and how it's moving and what kind of situation they're in. These would largely be folks that got to the end of that forbearance period. And we thought the appropriate thing to do, the most conservative thing to do, was to start to move them into nonaccrual and not continue down that forbearance path.
John Pancari: Got it. Okay. And then it looks like your 90-day past dues also increased about -- looks like more than 60% in the quarter. Was that also related to hotels? And then also maybe if you can comment on your office exposure and just how that's been holding up?
Darren King: Yes. I guess I'll start with the office exposure. When we look at what's been happening in office, the trends in rent collection have been pretty solid. We haven't seen a big decrease in what the -- our customers have been able to receive from the tenants. And obviously, a bunch of that is with the leases that are signed, they tend to be longer-term and oftentimes with larger corporations. So it's been pretty steady. When I look at that space and I look at how many modifications there are in there, that are outstanding, it's like 1% of the portfolio. And so overall, the office space is doing very well. Again, I would say the multifamily space is also holding up quite well and retail, after our concerns early on, were -- is also doing well. When you look at the over 90-day to answer that question and what's going on. The bulk of that is driven by the residential mortgage loans and the things that we're buying out of the pools and they're largely government guaranteed. So it's kind of the way they're classified, but not something that we worry about from a credit perspective.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache of Wolfe Research.
Bill Carcache: Darren, following up on comments that you've made on credit, specifically the hotel credits that you moved to nonaccrual and are no longer applying forbearance. Can you just give a bigger picture view of what the trajectory is across the loan portfolio of downgrades? And then along those lines, is it reasonable to expect that we could see your reserve rate revert to the day 1 level of about 1.3% on the other side of the pandemic? And maybe you could just discuss how soon we'd get there in light of some of the longer tail concerns that you guys have cited in CRE in particular?
Darren King: Yes, sure. So I guess, just watching the trends and what we've been seeing over the course of the last, I would describe it as 6 months. When we were in June in the thick of things, forbearance was quite widespread. There was -- it was across a number of industries and across quite a number of customers. And what's happened over the course of the last 6 months is is that we've seen stability, and we've seen improvement. I mean probably the most remarkable turnout was in the dealer book that was -- if my memory is correct, about $4.2 billion of forbearance. And all of those are off of forbearance. And in fact, all of those are current. They've not just -- they're not just off forbearance, but they've recovered what they had skipped. And when we look through the rest of the portfolio and what was in forbearance, I think I mentioned that -- first talking about criticized trends, so we've been -- even though forbearance has been on, we go through and we grade the book following our grading system and looking at our credit review process, looking at cash flows, looking at collateral, looking at ability to repay, intent to repay and grading the book.  And so, what you're seeing is a slowdown in the migration to criticized, right; so we talked about that being up above 5% this quarter. And so the rate of increase in criticized is declining. And the nonaccruals is really just that progression of people going from criticized into nonaccrual. And what's really in the book is hotel. There's a little bit of retail, but retail has performed quite well. And a little bit of multifamily. And those are really the big three industries, but hotel is far and away the largest one. And what's interesting is when we look within the hotel portfolio, it's larger city hotels that are struggling. We have some hotels throughout our footprint that tend to be in less densely populated areas and perhaps are more like retreats or spas, and through this pandemic, they're actually seeing occupancy rates north of 70%. And so, there's a real range and skewness to occupancy rates within the hotel portfolio. And so the part that, I guess, we feel good about is we've been able to help a lot of customers stay in business and stay paying and work them through the process. And we've got a segment of the portfolio that still has some struggles, but we've got very clear visibility into who those are and what the issues are and are in a position to be able to work with them as much as possible to help protect the value of the assets and to try and keep them in business. The question about the portfolio and the long-term average, I think it's fair to say that going back to the pre -- the post-CECL allowance or reserve rate, subject to a similar mix of business is a fair assumption. It's important to keep in mind that some parts of the portfolio carry different loss rates under CECL than others. And so, all else equal, that's a good place to be or at least a good starting point as you think forward. Do we get there in 2021? Probably, it's a little hard to see that at this point. But right now, we think that, that's possible by the end of '22. I would think that's possible by the end of 2022.
Bill Carcache: That's super helpful color. If I could squeeze in another one. And just broadly, if you could discuss your thoughts around back book repricing dynamics for you guys? And really across the industry in the last cycle, loan yields continued to decline throughout the trip cycle until we got our first-rate hike in late 2015. And I was wondering if you could just discuss whether you expect to see a similar dynamic in the cycle?
Darren King: Yes. I guess a couple of things on the back book. On the deposit side, we've seen a tremendous amount of repricing and the reactivity in the deposit book for us and for the industry, especially given the excess liquidity has been very rapid. And when we look at deposit pricing and yields, certainly for a lot of the interest-bearing categories, excluding time deposits, we're getting close to the lows that we saw over the last 10 years. And so, there's some room to go there, but it's single-digit -- low single-digit basis points. When you talk about loans and loan yields, we think about it as loan margin. And the yield is always of -- in reference to the benchmark rate because there's still variable rate driven product. But when you look at what the spread is on the new originations versus what's rolling off, we're actually seeing better spreads on new originations, and we've been seeing that for the last two quarters. And it's in the range of, call it, 40 to 60 basis points over where we had been pre-pandemic. And so what's nice about that is, obviously, over time, as the hedge benefit rolls off, we're starting to see -- we'll see a larger percentage of the book at the new pricing, which is a little bit better than the roll-off pricing. And so we actually were quite positive on that part of what's happening in the portfolio, especially in the consumer -- sorry, commercial real estate and C&I space.
Bill Carcache: Great. I mean how does that better spreads on new originations compared to the last trip cycle? Just to follow-up on that.
Darren King: It's -- I guess, I would say, it's reasonably consistent with what happens in the cycle. And usually, what you see is you see leading into the cycles, you see margins drop because usually, there's lots of liquidity and lots of capital, lots of people looking for growth. And then you will see margins compress when you're in that environment. And then as you see a little challenge in the economy, then you tend to see -- and people protecting capital. You tend to see a little bit of an improvement in pricing because there's a little more pricing power. Obviously, with the liquidity, this time, probably not quite as severe as last time. And so there might not be the same level of increase in pricing, but we're certainly seeing it in the short term. And I would say that, that general trend in an economic environment like this and as you come out of it, is actually pretty consistent with what you see.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Alexopoulos of JPMorgan.
Steven Alexopoulos: So, the follow-up, not to beat a dead horse on the hotel nonaccruals. But I know you said there was no provision taken as you moved these into nonaccrual. But were there any charge-offs taken?
Darren King: There were no charge-offs taken on that part of the portfolio. If you look at the charge-offs for the fourth quarter, there's really three large relationships that really drove that increase. Two of them were -- what we would describe as in closed malls and regional mall operators. And by taking those charge-offs, that pretty much eliminates our outstanding exposure to any closed malls. And then there was one company that was in the -- that's described as delivery service, highly related to the travel industry and with no travel going on, that necessitated the charge-off there. Outside of those, it was a variety of things, but generally relatively small compared to those three that I mentioned.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. Darren, in terms of what you do now with these hotel loans on nonaccrual, I know you said they're long-term relationships. Are you planning to offer deferrals until maybe better days ahead? Do you plan to modify the principle, to move them back to current? Or do you plan on going into the hotel business and taking these collateral over?
Darren King: Well, not the latter. The latter is always our last resort. We're bankers, not hotel operators. And so we'd rather let the experts do that. But it's generally the first two things that you talked about. So we'll work with the borrower and see whether we think that -- first question is, do they have any outside liquidity and can they bring something to the table to be in addition to the interest reserve. It could be some combination of that plus some extended payment relief. You could see some restructuring into something that looks more like an A note, B note kind of structure where you split to credit and might have a partial charge-off on those, but not a complete. And so there's a bunch of different options of ways that we can work with the clients to try and keep them in business and keep them operating as long as possible. Because, obviously, us being in that business is absolutely the last resort.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. And if I could squeeze one more in. On dealer floor plan, I think you said it was up $800 million in the quarter. What was the balance at year-end? And can you talk about expectations for that business, right? It seems dealers have gone a lot more efficient with managing inventory levels during the pandemic. So can you talk about what you expect from the business?
Darren King: Yes. I guess when you look at the number of cars on lots, we bottomed out. And I want to say, within the summer to early fall. And inventories have been building since then. There's a bunch of factors that go into the inventory that are sitting on the lots. I mean, not the least of which is what the car rental companies are doing. With the challenges in travel, there's been less demand for cars from that sector in the economy. In the early part of this year, as the manufacturers shut down, there was tremendous demand from the dealers to put used cars on their lots. And so they were buying up some of the inventory that was coming off of the rental agencies. And so what we expect is that we'll see an uptick in inventories as we go through 2021. We don't believe we'll go all the way back to what we saw pre-pandemic or in 2019, that the SAAR won't go all the way back into that $16.5 million, $17 million range, but we will see some pickup. And just, I guess, to give a little bit of sense of magnitude looking at balances. From where we are at the end of the year to where we were at the end of the year last year, there's roughly, call it, $800 million to $1 billion difference in what's outstanding at that point in time. So how quickly we get back there? I don't know that we'll get all the way back there in 2021, but we should be approaching that as we get to the end of the year, assuming the economy continues to operate the way it was. But we think there's still some room for that segment to show some growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matt O'Connor: Did I miss any comments on the outlook for the tax rate in '21?
Darren King: You did not miss that. Our expectation for the tax rate for next year is 24%, kind of plus or minus 0.5 point.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. And are there opportunities to lower that? Like we're seeing some other banks heavy ESG kind of partnerships. I think some might be actually buying low-income housing credits, but some also seem to be doing some other things, structures, partnerships with customers or clients. And is that kind of another way to maybe deploy capital if there's not a lot of loans, can't really want grow securities and buying back stock after it's doubled is maybe less appealing, just theoretically. So are there opportunities there? Or are you trying to think differently of what you can do to your capital, given everything I just said?
Darren King: Yes. No Litec is a part of the sector that we've always been in. We've actually kind of increased it in the last 18 to 24 months. It's part of being a community bank that being in the community, supporting those kinds of projects is critical. We found that over time to be effective in that space, you need to be not just on the loan, but in the equity side of those deals as well. And so we've been doing a little bit more of that. And so it's absolutely part of how we do it. It's also an important part of your CRE rating. And so for all of those reasons, that's absolutely a space that we have been in and will continue to be and as opportunities present themselves, we'll certainly be there for the communities and for the clients.
Matt O'Connor: And then anything new specifically on some of these like ESG initiatives that other banks seem to be kind of leaning into pretty heavily that reduced tax rate?
Darren King: Yes. We've done some of that. We're in the space. We see opportunity for there to be a little bit more. We haven't discussed it, because it's not been a huge part of our portfolio. And I guess one of the questions as we go forward is, even with the tax rate where it is, how much tax using capacity will there be with us making less money than we did a year ago. And -- but maybe there'll be more capacity to use taxes depending on if there's any changes with the new administration. So it's a space that we're familiar with, and we do, do some business in, but it's selective at the moment.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Ken Usdin : Darren, just good to see that buyback announcement this morning. I was just wondering if you can just walk us through the December stress test results and the implied SCB that was brought forth in that document. Does it mean anything in terms of how you have to think about capital? And does it lead you to think about participating in this year's stress test process as a result?
Darren King: Yes. So the CCAR stress test results in December, obviously, reflected a much more severe economic environment than anything we've seen before. And is meaningfully more severe than what the current environment looks like. And so the good news is we're not operating in that environment. That said, we learned a lot from that output, and we continue to work and talk with the Federal Reserve to understand a little bit more what is behind some of the outputs there. So we're using it to inform our thinking. We haven't -- as we go through that process and learn more from the Fed, that will help inform our decision about whether or not to participate in this year's CCAR. I guess if you look at the implications of that and where we are at the end of the year, the nice thing is when you look at where our CET1 ratio ended the year, we ended the year at 10%. And so there's a comfortable amount of space between where we sit and what might be implied by the outcome of that test. And with the restrictions that have been in place with capital sitting at 10%, we would feel, given also the reserving that we've done, that we're well protected and that we certainly don't need to see the CET1 ratio drop dramatically to 9% in the environment that we're in today with the restrictions. That wouldn't be possible. But we equally don't see a need or a concern that we would want to run the capital ratios up materially from here. And so as we think about those tests, we think about the feedback that came with them and we think about as we go forward, we'll be taking that -- those things into account as we determine when and if and how much shares -- stock to repurchase.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, we have time for one final question. Our final question will come from the line of Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: Just a follow-up to Ken's question. Is that -- should we think about your DFAS 2.0 results with the 5% SCB is binding relative to how you think about buybacks? I guess I was under impression that most banks were operating for the assumption that DFAS 1.0 results were sort of the binding results. And DFAS 2.0 wasn't binding, but I'm wondering, especially rolls have your $800 million buyback announcing your thoughts there?
Darren King: Yes. I guess, I wouldn't consider that binding per se. It's obviously an input and an important one in our thought process, because the Federal Reserve told us something with that. And so we're paying attention to it. I think the -- by the letter of the law, the Feds indicated that they would not share with the institutions, if that was to become a new SCB until the end of March, if not sooner. And so we'll learn a little bit more about that over the course of the coming days. And so until that point, it's our understanding that the SCB that was calculated in the June results is the binding one. That said, when you look at the earnings and some of the restrictions on distributions relative to earnings in the forecast, moving the CET1 ratio down meaningfully would be pretty difficult. And so the announced buyback kind of takes into account our current capital position, our forecasted earnings our forecasted balance sheet growth and contemplate some of the restrictions that have been in place. And that was really what got us to that amount at this point. And as we mentioned before, we think that we're still not through the challenges of the pandemic. And so we wouldn't see -- it doesn't seem prudent to us to lower those ratios dramatically. But on the flip side, we don't think that we need to be higher, much higher than where we are. And so we'll kind of manage to that in the short term. And as we go through the year and see how the recovery unfolds, we'll continue to update our thinking and share that with you.
Erika Najarian: And if I could just squeeze in 1 more question on the NII guide. Darren, in the NII guide for down low to mid-single digits, what are you assuming, if any, in terms of cash deployment relative to $22.6 billion on average in the fourth quarter, and if you could remind us what the swap income realized in 2020 versus what's embedded in your guide for '21?
Darren King: Yes. So within that projection, there is some expectation that the cash balances come down a little bit. And generally, it's the volatility in the cash balances as opposed to them going into higher-yielding securities or loan growth. And so I guess, embedded in that guide is still a relatively elevated cash position. So to the extent that we find ways to deploy that into higher-yielding assets, which we're always on the lookout for. There's some upside to that. When you look at the income from the hedge portfolio, what we earned this quarter was very similar to what we earned last quarter in terms of NII and what we should see in Q1 is also in line with that, and then it starts to decline, as we've talked about on prior calls over the course of 2021. There's still some benefit in 2020 -- 2021 from the hedges, but it's declining as we go through the year.
Erika Najarian: Okay. And could you care to quantify in dollars?
Darren King: I've got it in front of me by quarter, so I'm just looking at it. It's -- it was around $300 million in 2020 and droid to about $275 million in 2021.
Operator: And that was our final question. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Don MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, a clarification of any of the items on the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department at (716) 842-5138. Thank you, and goodbye.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-22 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the M&T Bank Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and later, we will open the floor for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Don MacLeod, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Don MacLeod: Thank you, Maria, and good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's third quarter 2020 earnings conference call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release, we issued this morning may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website, www.mtb.com by clicking on the Investor Relations link and then on the Events and Presentations link. Before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. Actual results could differ from what is described in those forward-looking statements. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings on Forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q including the Form 8-K filed today in connection with our earnings release for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and risk factors. Now I'd like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, Darren King.
Darren King: Thanks, Don, and good morning, everyone. As noted in this morning's press release, we were pleased with the improving level of economic activity, our markets experienced in the third quarter, particularly in terms of consumer and business spending. Specifically, we saw strong debit and credit card usage both by consumers and business which also manifested in an increase in merchant volumes. The mortgage market was robust in the third quarter where we witnessed an uptick in both residential origination volumes and margins. Our Trust business experienced the increase in money fund we fee waivers, we had been anticipating, but those were offset by strong equity and debt markets during the quarter. Expense trends were in line with our expectations as we continue to exercise diligence in a particularly difficult revenue environment. Also encouraging asset trends for commercial customers granted some form of COVID-19 forbearance, and for which have reached its endpoint, approximately 10% have asked for additional relief. The common equity Tier 1 ratio improved by 31 basis points to 9.81% at the same time, the allowance for loan losses grew to 1.79% of loans. Positioning M&T to meet the needs of our customers and communities. Now let's review our results for the quarter. Diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $2.75 for the third quarter of 2020 compared with $1.74 in the second quarter of 2020 and $3.47 in the third quarter of 2019. Net income for the quarter was $372 million compared with $241 million in the linked quarter and $480 million in the year ago quarter. On a GAAP basis M&T's third quarter results produced an annualized rate of return on average assets of 1.06% and an annualized return on average common equity of 9.53%. This compares with rates of 0.71% and 6.13% respectively in the previous quarter. Included in GAAP results in the recent quarter were after tax expenses from the amortization of intangible assets amounting to $3 million or $0.02 per common share little change from the prior quarter. Consistent with our long-term practice, M&T provides supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis from which we have only ever excluded the after-tax effect of amortization of intangible assets, as well as any gains or expenses associated with mergers and acquisitions, when they occur. M&T's net operating income for the third quarter, which excludes intangible amortization was $375 million compared with $244 million in the linked quarter and $484 million in last year's third quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $2.77 for the recent quarter compared with $1.76 in 2020 second quarter and $3.50 in the third quarter of 2019. Net operating income yielded annualized rates of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders' equity of 1.1% and 13.94% for the recent quarter. The comparable returns were 0.74% and 9.04% in the second quarter of 2020. In accordance with the SEC's guidelines, this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results, including tangible assets and equity. Turning to the balance sheet and income statement. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $947 million in the third quarter of 2020 marking a decline of $14 million or 1% from the linked quarter. That decrease primarily reflects the impact on loan yields from the 20 basis point decline in average one-month LIBOR compared to the second quarter. Higher premium amortization on residential mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities was also a factor. The net interest margin declined by 18 basis points to 2.95% compared with 3.13% in the linked quarter. Average interest earning assets increased by $4 billion, to $128 billion for the third quarter, primarily reflecting a $4.4 billion increase in funds invested with either the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or into resale agreements. Those investments were funded by a similar increase in deposits, approximately evenly divided between interest and non-interest bearing DDA. The increase in cash equivalent investments caused an estimated 10 basis points of pressure on the net interest margin while having little effect on net interest income. The lower interest rate environment, primarily the lower average rate on one-month LIBOR that I mentioned previously, contributed to approximately 4 basis points of the margin decline. The net impact of lower loan yields was somewhat mitigated by a 6 basis point decrease in the cost of interest-bearing deposits. The accelerated premium amortization on both residential mortgage loans and on mortgage-backed securities contributed some 3 basis points of margin pressure. All other factors contributed to an additional 1 basis point of the decline. For context, since the fourth quarter of 2019, the combination of short-term liquidity investments primarily placed at the Fed and investment securities has increased by $9.1 billion, reducing the net interest margin by approximately 25 basis points, while incrementally benefiting net interest income. Average total loans increased by $413 million or a little less than 1.5% compared with the previous quarter. Looking at loans by category, on an average basis compared with the linked quarter, commercial and industrial loans declined by $1.4 billion or 5% primarily the results of a $1.2 billion decline in vehicle dealer floor plan loans. That reflects the usual seasonal softness, as well as the delays some dealers are having in replacing inventory being sold. PPP loans were effectively unchanged from the end of the second quarter at $6.5 billion. Commercial real estate loans grew by less than 1% compared with the second quarter. Residential real estate loans increased by just under $1 billion or 6% reflecting loans purchased from Ginnie Mae servicing pools, pending resolution, partially offset by repayments. Consumer loans were up by 4% reflecting higher indirect recreation finance loans, partially offset by lower auto loans and home equity lines of credit. Average core customer deposits, which exclude deposits received at M&T's Cayman Islands office and CDs over $250,000 grew by $4 billion, primarily in interest and non-interest checking or about 4% compared with the second quarter. Turning to non-interest income. Non-interest income totaled $521 million in the third quarter compared with $487 million in the prior quarter. The recent quarter included $3 million of valuation gains on equity securities largely on our remaining holdings of GSE preferred stock, while the second quarter included $7 million of such gains. Mortgage banking revenues were $153 million in the recent quarter improving from $145 million in the linked quarter. Residential mortgage loans originated for sale were $1.2 billion in the quarter, up 7% from $1.1 billion in the second quarter. Total residential mortgage banking revenues including origination and servicing activities were $119 million in the third quarter improved from $111 million in the prior quarter. The increase reflects the higher volume of loans originated for sale combined with strong gain on sale margins. Residential servicing revenues declined very slightly. Commercial mortgage banking revenues totaled $34 million encompassing both originations and servicing and which was little changed from the second quarter. Trust income was $150 million in the recent quarter, down slightly from $152 million in the previous quarter. Recall that second quarter figures included $5 million of seasonal tax preparation fees. Aside from that, business remains solid with slightly higher money market, fund fee waivers, offset by continued strong debt capital markets activity. Service charges on deposit accounts were $91 million improved sharply from $77 million in the second quarter. The improvement comes primarily from some of the COVID-19 impacted categories on the consumer side, the result of higher levels of spending compared with the prior quarter. Similarly, the $20 million improvement in other revenues from operations compared with the linked quarter reflects a rebound in COVID-19 impacted payments revenues that are not included in service charges, such as credit card interchange and merchant discount with a slight improvement in loan related fees including syndications. Turning to expenses. Operating expenses for the third quarter, which exclude the amortization of intangible assets were $823 million compared with $803 million in the second quarter. The $20 million linked quarter increase in salaries and benefits reflect the impact of one additional work day during the quarter and higher compensation tied to the uptick in both mortgage banking and trust related activity compared with the prior quarter. Recall that other cost of operations for each of the first and second quarters included a $10 million addition to the valuation allowance on our capitalized mortgage servicing rights. There was neither an addition nor release from the valuation allowance during the third quarter. The efficiency ratio, which excludes intangible amortization from the numerator and securities gains or losses from the denominator was 56.2% in the recent quarter compared with 55.7% in the second quarter and 56.0% in the third quarter of 2019. Next, let's turn to credit. Net charge-offs for the recent quarter amounted to $30 million. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were 12 basis points for the third quarter compared to 29 basis points in the second quarter. The provision for loan losses in the third quarter amounted to $150 million exceeding net charge-offs by $120 million and increasing the allowance for credit losses to $1.8 billion or 1.79% of loans. The allowance at the end of the third quarter reflects an updated macroeconomic scenario that is different and modestly less severe than those used at the end of the first and second quarters which model the uncertainty of the COVID-19 driven damage to the economy. The allowance and the related provision in the recent quarter reflect the ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on economic activity in the hospitality and retail sectors, the uncertainty over additional economic stimulus and the ultimate collectability of commercial real estate loans where borrowers are requesting repayment forbearance. Our current macroeconomic forecast uses a number of economic variables, with the largest drivers being the unemployment rate and GDP. Our forecast assumes the quarterly unemployment rate increases to 9% in the fourth quarter of this year, followed by a sustained high single-digit unemployment rate through 2022. The forecast assumes GDP contracts 5.1% during 2020 and recovers to prerecession peak levels by the third quarter of 2022. Our forecast assumes no additional government stimulus. Non-accrual loans as of September 30 amounted to $1.2 billion, an increase of $83 million from the end of June. At the end of the quarter non-accrual loans as a percentage of loans was 1.26%. It is important to keep in mind that some of the usual credit metrics have been affected by the PPP loans on the balance sheet which are zero risk weighted and carry little or no credit risk. Excluding the impact of PPP loans, the ratio of the allowance for credit losses to loans would be 1.91%. Similarly the ratio of non-accrual loans to total loans would be 1.35%, and annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans would be 13 basis points. Loans 90 days past due on which we continue to accrue interest were $527 million at the end of the recent quarter. Of these loans, $505 million or 96% were guaranteed by government-related entities. Government guaranteed loans under COVID forbearance and which we have purchased from servicing pools are generally not reflected in these figures. Consistent with regulatory and Cares Act provisions loans that have received some sort of forbearance whether payment deferrals covenant modifications or other form of relief as a result of COVID-19 related stress for the most part are not yet reflected in our non-accrual or delinquency numbers. A significant majority of commercial loans that were granted COVID-19 payment relief were for 90 days. with the ability for clients to request second 90 days. For example, substantially all of the $4.2 billion of forbearance, as of June 30 given to vehicle dealers was for 90 days and less than 100 million are under some form of forbearance relief at the end of the third quarter. For the total commercial and industrial portfolio, including the aforementioned dealer portfolio loans under COVID-19 forbearance have declined by 85% to slightly higher than $800 million or about 3% as of September 30. Customers in the commercial real estate portfolio generally, we received 180-day COVID-19 deferrals. In total, deferrals in the CRE portfolio have declined by 41% to $5.1 billion. Over two-thirds of the loans on active forbearance as of September 30 that have not reached their endpoint relate to the CRE portfolio segments most impacted by COVID-19 notably hotels and retail CRE. We'll know more over the next 60 days or so as the 180-day deferrals reached their end of term. For the consumer portfolios, deferrals declined from just under $700 million at June 30 to under $150 million or less than 1% at the end of September. For residential mortgage loans we own non-government guaranteed loans under deferral amount to $1.6 billion, down about 19% from the second quarter. Total deferrals have increased to $3.3 billion from $2.3 billion, 90 days ago, all of that increase reflects government guaranteed loans purchased from servicing pools that represent no credit risk to M&T. All of these figures do not include approximately $10 billion of forbearance on residential mortgage loans we service for others. Turning to capital. M&T's Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio was an estimated 9.81% as of September 30 compared to 9.5% at the end of the second quarter. This reflects the impact of earnings in excess of dividends paid and slightly lower risk-weighted assets. M&T did not repurchase shares during the third quarter and will not be doing so in the fourth quarter. M&T's net income comfortably exceeded its common stock dividend, both for the quarter and under the trailing four quarter calculation outlined by the Federal Reserve. Now turning to the outlook. Our usual practice is to offer thoughts on the coming year, in the January earnings call after we've completed our planning process. So my remarks today will be somewhat brief. We're all pleased to see that the economy has improved while recognizing that we're still a long way from conditions we saw in January and February. Core commercial loan growth excluding PPP loans has slowed. And we expect those balances to remain flat to slightly down over the remainder of 2020 compared to where we ended the quarter. Given that the auto manufacturers are still not running at normal levels, we don't expect the normal seasonal rebound in dealer floor plan loans during the fourth quarter. Our portal for receiving forgiveness request of PPP loans is open and applications are being processed and sent onto the SBA. Most of the activity so far is on the smaller loans on which the SBA is expediting relief. The residential mortgage loans we purchased from servicing pools aren't fully reflected in the third quarter average. Combined with the potential for further buyouts, we should see modest growth in average residential mortgage loans for the current quarter. All in, we expect modest linked quarter growth in total loans. More difficult to forecast has been our liquidity assets or short-term investments and the deposits with the Fed, which continue to rise over the past quarter although at a much slower pace. As I noted earlier this was primarily the results of further deposit inflows. Although uncertain presence we may be approaching the peak and may see declines in the current quarter. As those deposits in associated short-term investments decline, we'd expect that the net interest margin would benefit by about 2 to 3 basis points per $1 billion decline with limited impact on net interest income. With LIBOR having reached a steady state and our expectation for additional modest downward trends in deposit costs, we expect net interest income to be slightly higher in the final quarter of 2020. If a significant balance of PPP loans are forgiven, the accelerated recognition of the PPP loan fees would be a further benefit. We've previously mentioned that the size of the active cash flow hedge position on our floating rate loan portfolio will step up during this quarter. To be more specific, the $13.4 billion notional amount of active cash flow hedges will step up to $17.4 billion this quarter and then remain at those levels for about one year. The benefit to net interest income is less substantive as the older swaps with higher fixed received rates mature and forward starting swaps with lower received rates become active. Turning to fees. Residential mortgage applications continue to be strong with rates as low as they are. We expect continued solid origination volumes this quarter but likely with some pressure on margin. For trust income, we have seen the increase in waivers of money market mutual fund management be somewhat offset by strong debt capital markets activity. We expect those waivers will reach a steady state shortly and will persist while the zero rate environment indoors. Service charge income was boosted by higher levels of customer activity, notably in payments, with some volumes at or even better than pre-COVID levels further upside from the current levels appears likely, I'm sorry, unlikely. We have no change to our expense guidance for the remainder of 2020, we continue to expect expenses for the second quarter or second half of the year to be in line with the first half excluding the seasonal factors in this year's first quarter. Any additional loan loss provisioning will be determined by changes to the macroeconomic variables that we see at the end of the year and by the portfolio composition. Lastly, turning to capital. We are continuing to build capital levels as limited loan growth and profits in excess of the dividend bolster our capital ratios. Consistent with the guidance from our regulators, we won't repurchase stock a recommend that the Board consider a change to the dividend during the fourth quarter. Of course, as you're aware, our projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates or political events and other macroeconomic factors, which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. Now, let's open the call up to questions before which Maria will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of John Pancari of Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Darren King: Good morning, John.
John Pancari: On the credit side, wanted to if you could give us a little bit more color behind the rationale for the reserve build in the quarter. I know you mentioned some of the ongoing uncertainty in the backdrop and around stimulus. So just curious was there an overlay that you applied or are you seeing something specific there to justify the addition. Thanks.
Darren King: Yes, sure. John, I guess if you break down some of the components. The big driver obviously is the macroeconomic variables that you run through the model, and while they were modestly better the [ph] quarters really haven't changed much from what we were looking at in the third quarter. And so those really drive the magnitude of the allowance at its core, and so there is really no change there. And then when you look underneath, you see some growth in certain segments of the portfolio. So growth in the consumer book and some growth in CRE much of the addition was for that and then the other just reflects the uncertainty, I guess is the way to put it are some conservatism in the forbearance portfolio and what that ultimately might look like.
John Pancari: Okay, all right, that's helpful, thanks. And then separately on the credit front, can you give us an update on the performance trends that you're seeing in your commercial real estate portfolio from a credit perspective, how are you seeing your borrowers impacted in the backdrop and are you seeing some stress there in terms of credit performance. Thanks.
Darren King: Yes, so I guess looking at the commercial real estate portfolio, the ones that we are most focused on right now, the segments we're most focused on - or the hotel segment and the retail segment. And those are ones where there has been significant amount of forbearance in those portfolios. And for the most part for those portfolios received 180-day forbearance, and so they will start to show themselves over the next 90 days. And the hotel business continues to be challenged, particularly in some of the larger cities where you have a hotel that maybe relies on conferences or food and beverage as part of their business. Those ones are probably the most challenged. When you get into other segments of the hotel portfolio where you're able to get there by car and able to drive up, we've seen some return of revenue not all the way back obviously toward things were, but able to cash flow. And so, we're watching those portfolios as we go through this quarter, but we are pleased by the reaction we've seen from the customer so far and their ability to manage their expenses down to try and keep their cash flow at least as close to breakeven as possible. We continue to feel very positive about the loan to values in the portfolio. And then in particular and New York City, which I know it gets a lot of attention I think the average loan to value is less than 50% and when I look at New York City we have about $42 million of loans outstanding, which are two loans that are between 60% and 70% LTV, and five loans and $152 million between 50% and 60%. And then the vast majority is less than 50% LTVs and so when you look at those properties in the values, there is a lot invested by the client already in those properties and they have a real strong incentive to figure out how to maintain it. On the retail side, it's a similar space. I think retail has been a bit of a challenged industry much before COVID hit and then watching things go online, we were seeing challenges on pricing and rents and COVID just accelerated that, but again, when we look at our portfolio and the distribution of the LTVs again SKUs very low and in particular in New York City SKUs also below 50% and when we look at some of our larger relationships there are some LTVs where multi-generational family - ownership of properties in their cost bases in some cases is down in the 25% of current values and the tax basis that they have is very low. So, they also have a very vested interest in protecting those properties. And so it's a long-winded way of saying there is certainly stress out there, but the clients have been active in adjusting their operations to the environment. And then, many of them have outside resources and liquidity to help carry the properties while things try and come back to normal. So we'll know a little bit more than 90 days. But we're very pleased by the actions that our clients have taken so far to protect their investments.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Alexopoulos of JP Morgan.
Steven Alexopoulos: Hey, good morning, Darren.
Darren King: Good morning, Steven.
Steven Alexopoulos: So on the loans that you purchased out of the Ginnie Mae pools, can you - what's the yield on those and are you likely to purchase again at a similar level in 4Q?
Darren King: Yes. So that, in round numbers. The yield on those Ginnie's is about 4%. Each one will be slightly different, but it's right around there plus or minus 5 basis points, and it's something that we will continue to do, just because it makes economic sense to take some of these loans that are being serviced and buy them out sort of we only have to have the carry cost and we don't have to advance the principal and interest to the investors. But I think what you saw in this quarter was a larger than what would be normal uptick in those balances because there were some residual hangover from the second quarter where there hadn't been active buyouts happening. And so the run rate is probably more and like that $250 million to $300 million a month range give or take. And there was just a larger uptick this quarter because that hadn't happened very much in the second quarter.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay, that's helpful. And I think you also said the purchases were late in the quarter. So we'll see the benefits flow through into 4Q from this quarter.
Darren King: Yes it continues through the quarter. There'll be a little bit of an uptick in the fourth quarter, but not as big as what we saw this quarter.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay, all right, thanks for taking my question.
Darren King: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning, Darren.
Darren King: Good morning, Erika.
Erika Najarian: My one question is on the contribution from the swap portfolio, heard you loud and clear in terms of the notional stepping up to $17 billion. And I'm wondering if you could give us a sense on what is the provision was to net interest income from your derivative book in the fourth quarter - sorry in the third quarter and how that - that progress either on an annual or quarterly basis, however you want to give it in 2021?
Darren King: Sure. So, I think we talked last quarter about the hedging adding about 26 basis points to the net interest margin for the quarter was up slightly in the third quarter to about 30. And what you'll see going forward is as we mentioned earlier, as the notional goes up, but the coupon the received fixed comes down the impacts about the same we think in the fourth quarter and the first quarter of next year and then over time as the start the swaps that become active have a lower coupon the benefit will start to trickle down as we go through 2021. And probably a good assumption to be like after you get through the second quarter 3 basis points a quarter decrease in the benefit of the hedge based on our forecast of what the balance sheet looks like.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning. I want to follow up on expenses, the cost of interest-bearing very good this year. And the guidance for 4Q is in line with what you said three months ago, but how sustainable is the expense management is it kind of just a one-time kind of pulling in on something that is on all that sustainable? Is that kind of some structural changes or a combination of two of them?
Darren King: Yes Matt. It's good question. When I guess some of the things that I think are sustainable, that you really see illuminated in the fourth or the third quarter results - and if you look at the salaries and benefits and you compare them to where they were in the third quarter of last year, you can see they're basically flat, they're up, I think about $2 million. But if you look at the other cost of operations, which is where the professional services shows up, you can see the drop there and some of the drop obviously is because there was an impairment that we took in the third quarter of last year that didn't repeat itself this year, but outside of that you see. We've seen a decrease in the professional services line, and we've been talking for a number of quarters about the past, we've been on to build technology skills and in source those which would impact the salary benefit line and it took a while for the professional services to come out and so you've seen that remixing. We've got a little bit more to do and so I think there is some evidence that that is working and we can continue to do that which I would say is more structural. A couple of the other big items obviously travel and entertainment and advertising and promotion. I think what we're seeing in the advertising and promotion line item is that obviously you need to be competitive in the markets that you're advertising in, but also we're learning that there different ways that you can reach customers and prospects that might be more cost effective than traditional means and so we'll be continuing to look at that as we go forward and being smarter about that and also thinking a lot harder about how much travel we need both internally for sure and then oftentimes with clients. I don't think you can get away from face to face interactions in banking but maybe we don't need quite as much as we've had in the past. So we're looking at how we're doing our business and I think the last thing you see is through the PPP process. We were able to handle such a massive amount of loan volume in a short period of time. I mean we literally did about three years' worth of SBA loans in a week and we did that through changing the process and using more digitization and so we think that there is opportunity to take that thought process beyond just business loans into other lending and deposit opening and other operations to drive expenses down. And so I guess, long story short, I think there has been some things that we're guess, so to speak from the pandemic, but it's also really got us to rethink and continue on the path of rethinking how we do the work and that offers continuous improvement. I don't know that there is a step change down, but we continue to chisel away, and I think that would allow us to slow expense growth and to get close to positive operating leverage. I mean to me to be in this environment where we've had challenges in revenue and the efficiency ratio, this quarter was the same as last year, I think just speaks to the ability of the of the team to be disciplined on expenses, which is kind of classic M&T.
Matt O'Connor: That's helpful. And I'm going to guess you don't want to give explicit '21 guidance on cost but you just said no step down but also kind of described implication that or would it be a step up as well. So if I had to guess, I would think it seems like you're trying to keep costs relatively flat by [indiscernible] from your comments together there.
Darren King: I think that's a safe assumption, [ph] legacy we'll be back with more detail in January, but that's certainly a safe assumption.
Matt O'Connor: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Hey, thanks, good morning.
Darren King: Good morning Ken.
Ken Usdin: Hey Darren. Can I ask you - how are you? Can I ask you further on the trust income, you said that the fee waivers would be run rated, I think going forward, can you just help us understand what was in the third and what the step-up, if any, is going to be into the fourth?
Darren King: Yes. So, I think we talked before about maybe $10 million a quarter impact from those fee waivers. And I think this quarter we saw about 7 and it was offset by an uptick in some of the loan agency fees that we get because you've been watching the debt markets, I think they had a record for issuance at the end of September. And I still have three months ago and so that activity our participation in that market you saw reflected in some of the agency fees in that trust income line. And so it masked the impact of those fee waivers on the money fund accounts. Also, we had and if continue to have strong equity markets and that's impacting AUM positively, maybe a little bit better than we might have thought going into the quarter. And so that also was a positive that was an offset. And so it will be the money fund waivers that we had talked about are basically in there, there might be a little bit more to go. And then the question will be what happens with some of those other parts of the trust business and how robust those markets are as we go through the fourth quarter.
Ken Usdin: Understood. Thank you. And then just a follow-up on mortgage. Can you give a little bit more discussion of just the differences between resi and commercial origination activity and then also, are you still seeing opportunities to buy additional servicing assets as you guys have been pretty frequent opportunistic buyers there? Thanks.
Darren King: Yes. So, I guess most of the action for the last couple of quarters has really been in the consumer space and it's just with rates where they are, - there's a lot of refi activity going on. And so that's really what's been driving the volume there. What I think has been seen for the last two quarters, both for us and for the industry is that there was so much volume it overwhelmed people's capacity to handle it. And so one of the ways the industry managers' capacity is through pricing. And so that's why the margins were so strong this quarter and last. And so, but what we expect to see in the fourth quarter is we expect to see similar levels of volume maybe seasonally slower just because of the fourth quarter, but we'll start to see the margins come down. We started to see that at the end of the last quarter that the gain on sale margin in September was down from what it was in July and August. And so we expect that trend to continue into the fourth quarter and that's why we think we'll see it a drop in - in the mortgage fee line item. In commercial things have been slow really since COVID hit. There's just not a lot of activity in the commercial real estate space it's third quarter I think for the last couple of years has been a blowout quarter for us in the commercial real estate sector. This year was the notable exception and we don't see that changing into the fourth quarter is just a slowdown in activity there.
Ken Usdin: Okay, thanks a lot.
Darren King: Sure Ken.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Saul Martinez of UBS.
Saul Martinez: Hi, guys. I wanted to push through some of the moving parts on net interest income. So I think in response to Erika's question. You mentioned Darren that the protection from the hedges were about 35 bps [ph] which if I might calculations amount to roughly $95 million. Just to clarify then, your guidance for NII in the fourth quarter. That assumes that, that level of protection, more or less stays flat, i.e., there is no incremental benefit and you're also assuming no PPP forgiveness in that outlook. Is that correct?
Darren King: That's right.
Saul Martinez: Okay and then just following up there, you kind of painted a picture on the outlook in the '21 for the benefits sort of trickling down gradually in, especially in the latter part of the year, but your disclosures show that you're - I think that the average weighted average maturity is about 1.3 years on the swap book or it was that in the second quarter, which would seem to imply that there would be some more material step down in protection at some point between now and year-end '22. I mean, I guess, how should we read that and think about that is there going to be more of a cliff effect on the hedge protection that you get late next year into '22. Just, maybe a little bit more color in terms of how that - how that evolves, not just during the course of '21 but looking out over the lack of those hedges.
Darren King: Yes, I guess. So when you think about the hedging that we did. And the way we constructed the portfolio. We were always adding a consistent level with the exception obviously this next 12 months of forward-starting swaps. And so the idea was to keep the outstanding notional amount fairly consistent through time and really what starts to happen is each month one swap falls off and a new one starts and it would be reflective of the rate environment at the time at which we entered into that agreement. And so we're in the spot now where we are entering these agreements and the curve was positively sloping and rates for higher. And over time you saw those received fixed coupon has come down. And so there is not really a cliff per se, but more a continual gradual decline as each month some swaps go inactive and forward starting one's become active. And that brings the average received fixed coupon that's in place in any month declining through 2021 and into 2022. And then as the duration of the swap portfolio will shorten because those rates really fell down at the end of 2019 and then at the start of 2020. There wasn't a benefit that we saw in continuing to add forward starting swaps to lock in rates 50 or 25 basis points that we continue to believe that zero is for all intents and purposes, the practical floor right now and the negative rates are not a huge consideration of the Fed. And so we've slowed down in the hedging and that you'll see that it gradually goes away through the next 24 months.
Don MacLeod: Just a point of clarification, the weighted average maturity is not from the reporting date. But from the start date of the forward starting swap to the end of the -
Saul Martinez: Okay. So it's not 1.3 years necessarily from now. Yes, from now. Okay. From when they all these now the forward starting swaps come up come on board. Okay. If I guess the second. Let me just pivot quickly to second question. The CRE book 180 days forbearance, I think you mentioned 5.1 billion in two-thirds of that, I guess, exiting the initial deferral period. So couple of questions there. Do you have any expectations as to what percentage of that will ask for a second modification and how do you expect to account for additional modification? Do you anticipate taking advantage of the Cures Act 413 to not classified as a TDR or will you say these loans are - have been a modification for an extended period intense we think they should be treated as TDR even with some of the, I guess the negative implications for risk-weighted assets and other things. I'm just curious how - what you're expecting there and how you plan to account for it?
Darren King: Yes, so I guess a couple of things. Obviously, it's hard to predict exactly what will happen with each of these portfolios as we go, but I look at what we've seen so far. And so what I mentioned that the C&I portfolio was going to be down to about $800 million of long still in forbearance, the bulk of that is really folks who haven't reached the end of their current term. When I look at the dealers and the floor plan dealers that were in forbearance, I mean, basically 98% of them have gone back to paying when I look at the rest of the C&I portfolio, it's about 90% have gone back to paying and there has been some decrease in the commercial real estate portfolio levels of forbearance, and when I look at folks who have come up for to the end of their time period so far about 80% of them have gone back on to their normal repayment schedule. And so from what we've seen so far about 20% have gone back or has asked for some extension of their forbearance. When we get into the, to the next group that will come up. I think it's a tougher segment. And so I'm not sure and bold enough just to hit will be 20%, but the trends that we've seen are positive and we know that there are a number of clients that we've talked to that actually plan to resume payments because they have outside liquidity in the wherewithal to go back and maintaining their loans. As it relates to how they'll be handled. I mean, each loan and each client will be treated individually and considered individually and we'll look at - first of all, are they looking for some kind of change to their terms and if they are we getting anything back we might be able to get an interest reserve, might be able to get a little bit of equity, you might get a different rate. And so the combination of those things will help us go through our determination of whether we think it's it qualifies as a TDR or needs to go on non-accrual. But I think it's safe to say that there will be an uptick in those categories as we go into the fourth quarter and first quarter of next year.
Saul Martinez: Okay. So be treated on an individual basis. And okay, that's helpful.--
Darren King: Yes that's, we go through our normal portfolio assessment and grading process.
Saul Martinez: Okay, great. And presumably you've Reserve Board [ph] already under CECL allowance --.
Darren King: The summer that…
Saul Martinez: Yes. Okay, great, thanks so much.
Darren King: No problem.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache of Wolfe Research.
Bill Carcache: Thanks, good morning Darren.
Darren King: Good morning, Bill.
Bill Carcache: While we've seen some improvement in metrics like unemployment in GDP, and the outlook there is helpful. Some of the CRE metrics have been going the other way. Can you give us a little bit more color on what your outlook is contemplating for some of those key drivers of performance? Some of the industry forecasts have like vacancy rates continuing to rise and commercial real estate prices continuing to decline, as we look at 2021. I understand that shouldn't have an impact on your CECL allowance as long as it contemplates that degradation. But it would be helpful to understand a bit better what your expectations are possible.
Darren King: Yes. I guess one of the most important parts of this is understanding not just what's going on, but how the loan was underwritten to start. And so when you look at a lot of our real estate portfolio, I'll speak to multifamily. We take into account the current rents and we don't assume that there are rent increases when we underwrite, we take into account the current vacancy. But we underwrite to a higher level of vacancy than what exists and another really important element is just interest rate and that is the interest rates drop that creates a lot of capacity to support these properties. And so a lot of those factors will also help maintain collateral values and so we've seen vacancy ticked up one of the places obviously we watch a lot is in New York City and we've seen no rent collections in the 90% to 95% range. And so we feel pretty good about that with there hasn't really been much that's traded in terms of values to think about commercial real estate Price Index, which the crappy would be an important element in the CECL modeling. And so we haven't seen much there. So those factors rent changes we would look at and look at the vacancy rate in the realizable rent as we forecast cash flows for each of these individual borrowers and think through whether or not they're running at a deficit or not or they're able to adjust our expense base. And then what outside resources they have to maybe come in and maintain the properties and would be a similar viewpoint on the hotel portfolio obviously slightly different where you're looking at RevPAR and you're looking at the occupancy rates. And again, we've seen, it depends on the geography some - some uptick. New York has been a little bit more of a challenge, but we see that in office. Also so far rent collections are holding up and strong and people are going back into the, into the city at least you're hearing announcements, particularly from the tech sector of space being under contract. And so I guess a little bit of a long-winded answer to say that when we look at the trends in these portfolios, we're not seeing a severe degradation. It's gradual and what we've watch so far we've seen the clients doing a very good job of adjusting their business to be able to manage the cash flow and where they don't do that, they often have the outside liquidity to be able to maintain the property and I guess the question really is how much liquidity, do they have and how long can they sustain it in this environment.
Bill Carcache: That's really helpful. Thanks, Darren. If I can squeeze in one last one.
Darren King: Yes.
Bill Carcache: Beyond the hedging benefits that you've discussed. Can you give a bit more color on the loan and securities portfolio pay downs on your back book perhaps by product possible? What's the yield differential between paying down well that you're deploying into today.
Darren King: I guess if you look at the - I'll take the loan book, separate from the securities book. On the securities book, we basically run it for, not a lot of duration risk and certainly not a lot of credit risk and - we would describe it as a barbell where there has been of significant amount invested in one-year treasuries or less. And then another significant amount in mortgage-backed securities and with the mortgage-backed securities as they pay down, we haven't been buying additional securities at this point just given where rates are and those dollars are basically going into cash. And so that's part of the cash build. Interesting when you look at the loan portfolios, what we've seen in the last 90 days and probably started a little bit earlier, is that the margins on new business has been increasing. And so when we look at the returns that are being generated on new loans over the last 120 days, they're higher than what's in the book. And so between floor is going into loans where the floors are actually active the day the loan starts and some firming in the pricing, we're actually starting to see roll on margins higher then roll off margins in the loan book. And so, when you get it will take a little while for that to start to shift the whole portfolio. But as you get out into 2022 and beyond you start to see a greater proportion of that benefit in the loan yields and the loan margin. And so it's encouraging to see where things are heading, at least based on the last 90 days.
Bill Carcache: Very helpful. Thanks again, Darren.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Klock of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Brian Klock: Good morning, Darren and Don.
Don MacLeod: Hey, how are you doing, Brian.
Brian Klock: I'm good. I'm good, really quick on the fee income, you talked about the deposits service charges snapping back nicely in the quarter. I mean, when I look at the other revenues from operations. I mean can you give us a little color on what's going on and Eric that feels like the overall level is sort of back to pre-COVID if you get rid of the Bayview from the first quarter, was there anything in there, when you look at Bayview or the discount, merchant discount any of the insurance revenues or is there anything in there that you can give us color to that is that 107 somewhat run ratable and so forth.
Darren King: Yes, sure, Brian, by and large when you look through the components in that category, we have seen strong snapback in merchant discount and credit cards. They're pretty much back to pre-COVID levels fully was pretty consistent as with some of the underwriting. Loan fees were up quarter over quarter but not back to pre-COVID level and obviously that's a function of what's going on with the activity in the market and then sometimes in that line item, there are some - there is some lumpiness of things that happen and we were, I guess on that line item, close to where we average, I've seen some quarters where it's $1 million higher than what we had before. And last quarter was particularly low. So, it might be a little bit high from where we might run rate in the fourth quarter, but there is still some, spots where softness some softness in insurance and some softness still on some of the fees were, not all, not quite, all the way back to pre-COVID levels on loan fees and merchant card.
Brian Klock: Got it. And then just quick follow-up, same question on the other side, the other miscellaneous costs, it looks like they were down a little bit lower than the run rate over the last few quarters and use in the fourth quarter has like the professional services or the accounting accruals and stuff like that, that might be in there. So should we expect that want to be kind of back up to sort of average level the 165 [ph], within the third quarter.
Darren King: I think that the spot, we're at now is probably pretty reasonable for where we are in the fourth quarter and barring the only other thing that goes through there that create some lumpiness is if there has been litigation costs are MSR impairment or when we took the write-down on the asset manager that we, we sold that goes through that line item. So kind of holding that stuff aside, I think we're, give or take a few million bucks in the right zone of where that will be for the fourth quarter.
Brian Klock: Got it. Great, thanks for your time. Appreciate it.
Darren King: Sure, Brain.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have time for one more question. Our final question will come from the line of Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Hi, Darren.
Darren King: Morning, Gerard
Don MacLeod: How you doing.
Gerard Cassidy: Good. Thank you, you're taking the question. To wrap up, can you give us a comment on what you're thinking about for next year on capital action plans, obviously the Fed has extended buybacks for all the banks like your size. But what are you guys thinking should the gate get listed. And second is it's not lifted until, let's say, the sort of next quarter of next year in your capital really is starting to accumulate, it is a Dutch auction tender offer a consideration to bring it to get all the stock at once.
Darren King: So, I guess the first part of a - I leave the Dutch auction thing for a second, I really thought much about a Dutch auction, to be honest with you. I appreciate it was not [ph] a great question. On deployment of capital, obviously have to wait and see what comes from the Fed through the re-submission process that we're all going through right now. And if the Fed actually allows the SCB framework to be effective, but generally our thought process on capital deployment really isn't changing and that the first place we want to deploy capital is in the service of our customers and the communities that we do business and we've got the liquidity. So, as you can clearly see on the balance sheet and we see so that we're in a position to be able to lend and support growth in the communities and so hopefully we'll see some of that and as I mentioned before it really like the returns that I'm seeing on some of the business right now. After that will obviously help the group, we're maintaining our incumbent. So we can maintain the dividend and then we'll look at what other alternatives we have to deploy the capital is to me the most important thing is we'll try and return it if we've got excess and we're allowed to, but really the key of how we've always run the bank is to make sure that we don't take the capital that we believe to be excess and consider free. -- If we sit on the capital is inefficient and we certainly rather not do that but investing in low return businesses are lower return loans, then you're stuck in that position and that lowers your overall returns for the organization you're stuck with that for the length of that asset. And so we do that from time to time to win new prospects and customers, but we wouldn't want to make a practice out of deploying capital into low return businesses and so we'll see what the alternatives are. And, but we will continue to manage it the way we always have, which is to be thoughtful stewards of capital and make sure we're focused on returns.
Gerard Cassidy: And then just as a follow-up question. Clearly you and your peers have indicated that many of your customers and build up their liquidity in their deposit accounts because of these uncertain times. Can you compare this to the 0.9 time [ph] period because we had the same phenomenon of customers building up liquidity, how long did it take to you recall to hand those customers bring those deposits down to a more normal level. And what do you see for this cycle, is it going to be as long as it was at 0.8 or 0.9?
Darren King: Well, my crystal ball is as good as yours, Gerard, but I guess I look at, at the level of liquidity that we have this time. I think people are smarter. At this time than they were last time I think the industry and not the banking industry per se but the customers we Bank have been a lot quicker to build liquidity, have been a lot quicker to adjust their business operations to the revenue environment. And that's why we've seen that build up the I think part of what you're seeing in the liquidity also is the lack of alternatives of places where they can invest their excess cash. All right and it doesn't make a lot of sense to have it in spot break right now. If you're a larger middle market client, it doesn't make sense to keep it in time and money market accounts. If you're a small business or consumer because there is no rate there and so we're seeing it all sit liquid and what I think starts to happen is, as things improve. You'll see some of the get deployed in hiring, in building inventory and you'll see some of that get deployed into higher returning asset classes from the customers perspective. To the extent that they've got excess and how long that takes, I think will be some combination of how quickly we see GDP recover and how quickly. We see interest rate movement up from here. I guess I just keep in mind that last time it took us until we probably got to 75 or 100 basis points on Fed funds before people started to really move and pay attention to moving dollars out of savings and tie our savings and interest checking and checking into higher yielding types of products. So, I think it's, we're thinking it's here for a while and the next 12 months, hopefully not much longer, but we'll see how the economy goes.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. I appreciate all the color. Thank you.
Operator: I'd like to turn the floor back over to the management for any additional or closing remarks.
Don MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, with any clarification of any of the items on the call or news release is necessary, please contact our investor relations department at area code 716-842-5138. Thank you and goodbye.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-23 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the M&T Bank Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Don MacLeod, Director of Investor Relations.
Don MacLeod: Thank you, Laurie, and good morning. I’d like to thank everyone for participating in M&T’s second quarter 2020 earnings conference call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access them along with the financial tables and schedules from our website, www.mtb.com and by clicking on the Investor Relations link and then on the Events and Presentations link. Also, before we start, I’d like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings on Forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and risk factors. Now I’d like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, Darren King.
Darren King: Thanks, Don, and good morning, everyone. As we noted in this morning’s press release, M&T’s results continue to be impacted by the economic slowdown, brought on by the COVID-19 epidemic and the return to a zero interest rate policy by the Federal Reserve. Our clients, both consumer and commercial, have adjusted to the new economic reality, which is reflected on our balance sheet by a slowdown in some loan categories and notably higher levels of deposits. In light of the challenging economic environment, our focus has shifted somewhat from capital distribution to capital strength. As far as the impact on M&T goes, the low interest rate environment resulted in a decline in our net interest income. Payment related fees suffered from the reduced level of economic activity due to the pandemic related lockdowns. However, lower rates also led to a 13% improvement in mortgage banking revenue compared to the first quarter. Trust income remained solid, and operating expenses were well controlled. The net result provided a solid foundation to support expected credit costs while also improving our capital ratios. In connection with the CECL loan loss accounting standard, which reflects our assessment of the future economic conditions as of the end of the quarter, we added $254 million to our allowance for credit losses. The common equity Tier 1 ratio improved by 32 basis points to 9.51%, indicating that M&T is well positioned to meet the needs of our customers and our communities. Now let’s review the results for the quarter. Diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $1.74 for the second quarter of 2020 compared with $1.93 in the first quarter of 2020, and $3.34 in the second quarter of 2019. Net income for the quarter was $241 million compared with $269 million in the linked quarter and $473 million in the year ago quarter. On a GAAP basis, M&T’s second quarter results produced an annualized rate of return on average assets of 0.71% and an annualized return on average common equity of 6.13%. This compares with rates of 0.9% and 7% respectively in the previous quarter. Included in GAAP results in the recent quarter were after tax expenses from the amortization of intangible assets amounting to $3 million or $0.02 per common share, little change from the prior quarter. Consistent with our long-term practice, M&T provides supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis, from which we have only ever excluded the after tax effect of amortization of intangible assets, as well as any gains or expenses associated with mergers and acquisitions when they occur. M&T’s net operating income for the second quarter, which excludes intangible amortization, was $244 million compared with $272 million in the linked quarter and $477 million in last year’s second quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $1.76 for the recent quarter compared with $1.95 in 2020’s first quarter and $3.37 in the second quarter of 2019. Net operating income yielded annualized rates of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders’ equity of 0.74% and 9.04% for the recent quarter. The comparable returns were 0.94% and 10.39% in the first quarter of 2020. In accordance with the SEC’s guidelines, this morning’s press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results, including tangible assets and equity. Turning to the balance sheet and the income statement. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $961 million in the second quarter of 2020 down by $20 million from the linked quarter. This primarily reflects the lower interest rate environment following the federal reserves emergency reduction to its Fed funds target late in March. These cuts led in turn to a 105 basis point decline in average one month LIBOR compared to the first quarter. Overall average interest earning assets increased by $15 billion to $123 billion, while the net interest margin declined by 52 basis points to 3.13% compared with 3.65% in the linked quarter. The government’s fiscal and monetary policy actions were the primary drivers of our significant balance sheet growth in the quarter. First, loans made through the Paycheck Protection Program, or PPP added $4.8 billion to average loans for the quarter. A significant portion of PPP funds currently sit in customer deposit accounts, waiting to be deployed. Those PPP derived deposits in combination with other stimulus programs led in turn to a $10 billion or 170% increase in our placement of cash at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. Those large balance sheet movements had a similarly large impact on the net interest margin. Cash held at the Federal Reserve reduced the margin by an estimated 25 basis points, while having little effect on net interest income. The PPP loan portfolio was additive to net interest income during the quarter, but the combined impact of income and balances diluted the margin by about 3 basis points. The lower interest rate environment caused an estimated 22 basis points of pressure to the margin. The net impact of lower rates was somewhat mitigated by a 38 basis point decrease in the cost of interest-bearing deposits. All other factors amounted to another 2 basis points of margin pressure. Average total loans increased by $6 billion or 7% compared with the previous quarter. Looking at loans by category on an average basis, compared with the linked quarter. Commercial and industrial loans increased by $5.4 billion or 22%, including the $4.8 billion of average PPP loans. C&I loans grew by nearly $600 million, excluding the PPP activity, largely the result of having line draws on the balance sheet for a full quarter net of repayments. We saw a somewhat unusual decline in dealer floor plan balances as customers returned to showrooms faster than manufacturer inventory could be shipped. Commercial real estate loans grew by 3% compared to the first quarter. Residential real estate loans declined by just over 2% or $332 million, which primarily reflects the continuing measured rates of pay downs on acquired mortgages. Loans purchased from servicing pools, pending resolution, partially offset those pay downs. Consumer loans were up less than 0.5%, reflecting higher indirect recreation finance loans, partially offset by lower auto loans and home equity lines of credit. On an end-of-period basis, the PPP portfolio, more than offset a net contraction of other commercial and industrial loans, reflecting pay downs of about half of the line draws that occurred late in the first quarter and a $1.3 billion decline in floor plan loans. CRE and consumer loans each grew a little over 1%, while consumer real estate loans declined slightly. Average core customer deposits, which exclude deposits received at M&T’s Cayman Islands office and CDs over $250,000 grew 17% or over $15 billion compared with the first quarter. That figure includes $10 billion of non-interest bearing deposits. The factors driving the change, included cash from the government stimulus programs held in both commercial and consumer accounts and higher levels of mortgage servicing escrow deposits. These in turn led to the higher placement of cash at the Fed. On an end-of-period basis, core deposits were up $14 billion or 15%, reflecting those same factors. Foreign office deposits decreased 39% on an average basis and 29% on an end-of-period basis as on balance sheet sweep rates return to historic lows. Turning to non-interest income. Non-interest income totaled $487 million in the second quarter compared with $529 million in the prior quarter. The recent quarter included $7 million of valuation gains on equity securities, largely on our remaining holdings of GSE-preferred stock, while the first quarter included $21 million of losses. Also recall that during the first quarter of 2020 M&T received cash distribution of $23 million from Bayview Lending Group. There was no such distribution in the second quarter. Mortgage banking revenues were $45 million in the recent quarter compared with $128 million in the linked quarter. Residential mortgage loans originated for sale were $1.1 billion in the quarter up 25% from $919 million in the first quarter. Total residential mortgage banking revenues, including origination and servicing activities were $111 million in the second quarter improved from $98 million in the prior quarter. The increase reflects the higher volume of loans originated for sale combined with stronger gain on sale margin, partially offset by lower servicing income. Commercial mortgage banking revenues were $34 million in the second quarter, compared with $30 million in the linked quarter. The comparable figure in the second quarter of 2019 was $36 million. Trust income was $152 million in the recent quarter, up slightly from $149 million in the previous quarter. The rebound in equity markets from first quarter lows, good capital markets activity and $5 million of seasonal tax preparation fees were all factors during the quarter, more than offsetting the emerging impact of money market fund fee waivers in the zero interest rate environment. Service charges on deposit accounts were $77 million compared with $106 million in the first quarter. COVID-19 related waivers of many of the consumer service charge categories and a slowdown in overall payments activity were the primary factors contributing to the decline. The $46 million linked quarter decline in other revenues from operations reflects the Bayview Lending Group distribution, I mentioned earlier, as well as lower payments revenues, that are not included in service charges, such as credit card interchange and merchant discount. Loan related fees, including syndication fees also declined given the reduced pace of non-PPP commercial loan origination activity. Operating expenses for the second quarter, which exclude the amortization of intangible assets were $803 million, down some $100 million from $903 million in the first quarter. Recall that operating expenses for the first quarter included approximately $67 million of seasonally higher compensation and benefits costs, the largest of which related to accelerated recognition of equity compensation expense for certain retirement-eligible employees. As usual, those seasonal factors declined during the second quarter. In addition, we reduced our level of incentive accruals to reflect lower levels of new business activity following the pandemic related lockdowns. The impact of the pandemic also led to a noticeable decline in certain other expense categories. Advertising and marketing costs declined by $13 million compared with the prior quarter to under $10 million. Other costs of operations for the second quarter included a $10 million addition to the valuation allowance on our capitalized mortgage servicing rights. A similar sized addition was made during the first quarter. In addition, travel and entertainment expense and professional services declined by an aggregate $12 million. The efficiency ratio, which excludes intangible amortization from the numerator and securities gains or losses from the denominator was 55.7% in the recent quarter compared with 58.9% in 2020’s first quarter and 56% in the second quarter of 2019. Next let’s turn to credit. Net charge-offs for the recent quarter amounted to $71 million. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were 29 basis points for the second quarter compared to 22 basis points in the first quarter. The increased charge-off activity largely relates to problem loans identified at the end of 2019, but whose deterioration was likely accelerated by the pandemic induced economic slowdown. The provision for credit losses in the second quarter amounted to $325 million, exceeding net charge-offs by $254 million and increasing the allowance for credit losses to $1.6 billion or 1.68% of loans. The allowance currently reflects an updated series of assumptions, reflecting a somewhat more adverse economic scenario than either of the scenarios used at January 1 or March 31, 2020, as well as the impact of proactive risk rating changes within our portfolio to reflect the current economic environment. Our macro economic forecast uses a number of variables with the largest drivers being the unemployment rate and GDP. Our forecast assumes the quarterly unemployment rate falls to 9% in the third quarter of this year from a peak at 13% in the second quarter, followed by a sustained high single digit unemployment rate through 2022. The forecast assumes GDP contracts 6.7% during 2020 and recovers to pre-recession levels by the second quarter of 2022. Non-accrual loans as of June 30 amounted to $1.2 billion, an increase of $95 million from the end of March. At the end of the quarter, non-accrual loans as a percentage of loans was 1.18%. It’s important to keep in mind that some of the usual credit metrics have been affected by the PPP loans on the balance sheet, which are zero risk weighted and carry little or no credit risk. Excluding the impact of PPP loans, the ratio of allowance for credit losses to loans would be 1.7%. Similarly, the ratio of non-accrual loans to total loans would be 1.27%. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans would be 31 basis points loans. Loans 90 days past due, on which we continue to accrue interest were $536 million at the end of the recent quarter and of those loans $454 million or 85% were guaranteed by government related entities. Consistent with agency guidance, loans that have received some sort of relief, whether payment deferrals covenant modifications or other form of relief as a result of COVID-19 related stress are not reflected in our non-accrual or delinquency numbers. As the virus spread in mid-March to early April, our customers reached out for relief actions and support from the bank. From that peak period, request for relief from both commercial and consumer customers are down by about 95%. M&T’s booked relief actions in the commercial portfolios have been heavily influenced by auto and recreation finance dealers. Those dealer relationships, the vast majority of which are floor plan inventory account for $4.4 billion of relief requests, amounting to nearly 80% of total dealer balances. High levels of forbearance for dealers has been seen industry-wide and given the strength in sales activity towards the end of the quarter, we expect further extensions of relief to be limited. Excluding dealer relationships, relief provided to commercial customers totaled $9.8 billion comprising some 16% of balances. For the consumer portfolios, we provided assistance to approximately 30,000 accounts representing $3 billion in balances of our combined mortgage, home equity line of credit in indirect recreation finance or auto portfolios amounting to about 9% of total balances. Of interest, approximately 30% of that population made a payment in the month of June. For mortgage loans that we don’t own and that we service for others relief was provided to approximately 70,000 accounts, totaling 13.2 billion. Turning to capital. M&T’s common equity Tier 1 ratio was an estimated 9.51% as of June 30, compared with 9.19% at the end of the first quarter. This reflects the impact of earnings in excess of dividends paid and lower risk weighted assets. M&T did not repurchase shares during the second quarter and will not be doing so in the third quarter. Turning to the outlook. As we sit here today, our outlook is somewhat clear than it was 90 days ago. However, there’s still a fair amount of uncertainty. As far as the balance sheet goes, our liquidity assets, short-term investments and deposits at the Fed rose somewhat beyond our expectations with both rate and volume driven impact on the net interest margin. This was driven by inflows of deposits from the PPP loans and other government stimulus programs. While the pace is uncertain, we believe that recipients will use these funds and excess reserves will trend downward somewhat as we go forward. Any additional government stimulus programs would of course have an impact on those assumptions. Excluding the impact from cash and PPP loans, the net interest margin experienced a 22 basis point rate driven decline, following a 105 basis point decline in LIBOR. We expect average LIBOR in the third quarter to fall a little further as well deposit rates. Given all factors, we expect the printed margin will improve somewhat in the coming quarter. We expect average PPP loans will increase from the $4.8 billion average in the quarter toward the $6.5 billion outstanding at June 30. Beyond that the rate of prepayment and forgiveness will significantly impact the balance retained. As you know, forgiveness under the program is not currently automatic and is subject to review by the SBA. While we expect significant numbers of forgiveness requests before the end of the year, it’s difficult to handicap how much will occur in the third quarter versus the fourth quarter. Commercial loan growth, which is to say excluding PPP loans has slowed and we expect those balances to remain flat to slightly down over the remainder of 2020 compared to where we ended the quarter. In a normal environment, we’d expect to see a seasonal slowdown in inventories and a corresponding decline in our floor plan loan balances during the third quarter. Recent vehicle sales volumes might necessitate dealers adding inventory against a backdrop of constrained production at the manufacturers and the upcoming model year changes. Residential real estate loans should continue to experience a measured pace of runoff as the vast majority of our loans are originated for sale. However, as I touched on earlier, there are circumstances under which we can pursue buying delinquent loans or loans under forbearance out of the MBS pools we service. As a result, we have stepped up buyouts from the Ginnie Mae pools, which will lead to temporary growth in our residential mortgage loan portfolio. These are government guaranteed loans, so our credit risk is extremely limited. We’d expect to see some improvement in the growth of consumer loans compared with the recent quarter as recent indirect originations are on the balance sheet for a full quarter. Our outlook for net interest income is also somewhat dependent on the eventual resolution of the PPP loans. While we expect net interest income to improve in the third quarter from the second, the rate of improvement is also heavily dependent on the pace of forgiveness or prepayments on the PPP loans. Turning to fees. Residential mortgage applications continue to be very strong with rates as low as they are and purchase activity has held up well. Waivers of money market mutual fund management fees will continue to impact trust income, while the zero interest rate environment persist. We’ll see a larger impact in the coming quarter than we did in the second quarter. Service charge income was impacted by lower levels of customer activity, higher balances and state mandated waivers of certain consumer fees. Payments activity recovered by the end of the quarter, however, certain categories of retail fees continue to be waived. In addition, higher commercial deposit balances have enabled those customers to offset the hard dollar fees arising from their treasury management obligations through the use of earnings credit. As we noted, the seasonal increase in salaries and benefits we experienced in the first quarter, largely normalized during the second quarter. We have curtailed hiring and have been redeploying team members around the bank to address shifting business needs. We’re in a similar situation to last year where we expect expenses in the second half of the year to be roughly the same as the first half, excluding the first quarter seasonal salaries and benefits figure. The third quarter is often higher than the fourth quarter from an expense perspective. In the CECL loan loss accounting environment, our allowance for credit losses at the end of the quarter reflects the macroeconomic variables I referenced earlier, the impact of the government stimulus and the characteristics specific to our portfolio. As GAAP requires, we will reassess the allowance at the end of the third quarter, based upon updated macroeconomic scenarios and M&T’s specific credit data. Finally, regarding capital, as noted at the beginning of the call, we’re focused on capital strength. Consistent with the CCAR results, we don’t expect to repurchase any shares during the third quarter and we continue to meet the Federal Reserve earnings threshold for dividend distributions. Of course, as you’re aware, our projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events and other macroeconomic factors, which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. Now let’s open up the call to questions before which Laurie will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning, Darren.
Darren King: Good morning, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Question for you on the net interest margin. Obviously, you’ve cited the reasons why the margin came down so much this quarter, and the PPP loans and the excess deposits certainly were the contributing factors, as you pointed out. When you look at your asset yields, the loan yields, in particular, they came down quite steeply. Your cost of funding, not as much. As we go forward, do you sense that the asset yields in the loan portfolio, the decline will start to diminish, but you still see continued reductions in the cost of funding?
Darren King: Yes. Sure. When we look through the composition of the balance sheet, I think you saw that the yield on the C&I loans, in particular, came down with the CRE loans, that tends to be where the hedging impact goes, and we’ll see those come down through time. We also did see a nice decrease in the deposit cost. A significant portion of our deposit costs now are linked to the index, and so they came down proportionately. And so when we looked forward, if you hold the cash and the PPP aside and look at what we would consider to be the core margin, we think we wouldn’t expect to see a drop like the 22 that we saw this past quarter that it would be more tied to movements in LIBOR, which given how close we are to zero, we would expect to be pretty minimal. And so we would see relatively small movements in the yield on loans and a similarly small yield in the deposit costs, with probably minimal exceptions from the managed costs where time deposits are still repricing, and there will be some of that go on through the second half of the year as well as some of the other managed deposit costs like some of the money markets and the like. So probably, all else equal, we follow LIBOR and maybe trickle down a couple of basis points in the core margin. But as we kind of pointed out, the printed margin will bounce around depending on how the cash balances move in the quarter as well as the PPP funding.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then as the follow-up question. You obviously built up your reserves this quarter. M&T has distinguished itself as one of the best banks through a full cycle on credit. If the economic outlook does not deteriorate from the period that you just came through, in which you made your assumptions for the reserve buildup, and granted, you’ll have some reserves for any loan growth, should we anticipate provisions for loan losses coming down in third or fourth quarters, assuming this economic outlook doesn’t deteriorate from this quarter under CECL accounting?
Darren King: Well, I guess, the math would say if the economic assumptions are identical, then the provision wouldn’t really change with the exception of reflecting loan growth – net loan growth and perhaps by category. So if you had a mix – a meaningful mix change, you would see an increase. But all else equal, as you point out, you probably see the provision not moving much. And that the action would be predominantly actual charge-offs.
Gerard Cassidy: But would the provisions still be at this level, though? I mean could you build up reserves so much, assuming life of loan losses?
Darren King: Yes. The provision would only be impacted by net loan growth, if the assumptions – macroeconomic assumptions were unchanged.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Rochester of Compass Point.
Dave Rochester: Good morning, guys.
Darren King: Good morning.
Dave Rochester: I appreciated the detail on the deferrals in some of those loan buckets. I was just wondering what the total amount was at the end of the quarter, if you happen to have that or the current total in terms of the total amount of loans in deferral? And then if you happen to have the criticized or classified asset trends for the quarter, that would be good to hear as well?
Darren King: So we’ll get you the sum of the loans in forbearance or with some kind of payment relief. When you look at the nonaccrual loans, the nonaccrual loans bumped up by $95 million for the quarter. More action was in the criticized space. And a lot of that was related to some of the forbearance activity. And so as we went through the portfolios and we looked at loans that were in forbearance, we took them down a greater to, depending on where they started. And that was really the primary driver of an increase in criticized. But most of them are just over the threshold that we would start to consider criticized. Back to the balance figure of what’s in the forbearance in aggregate for loans that we own, it’s about $17 billion, about $14 billion commercial and about $3 billion for consumer, which would include the mortgage portfolio that we own. And then if you add in what we service for others, there’s another $13-odd billion, but that’s not our credit risk. And I guess it’s important to point out that as we come to the end of the quarter, we’re getting close to the end of some of the 90-day forbearance period. And within that commercial portfolio, there’s a large amount, $4.4 billion or around there of commercial or dealer floor plan balances. And we are not seeing a lot of activity in extension requests. And so we would expect that number to start to come down as we go into the third quarter.
Dave Rochester: Okay. And then for the total amount of criticized loans you have at the end of the quarter, what were those?
Darren King: We typically don’t disclose that until the 10-Q comes out.
Dave Rochester: Okay. Got you. But it sounds like those were up, I guess, I’m not sure with some of the other deterioration that you guys disclose. Okay. Got you.
Darren King: Yes. It’s primarily because of those – the down rates that we talked about.
Dave Rochester: Got it. And then just switching to the NIM quickly. Just so I understand, you’re saying that the core NIM moves a little bit lower, but the reported NIM with all the impacts on cash and whatnot could actually be higher if cash does actually decline in the next quarter or two? Is that what you’re saying?
Darren King: That’s right. Yes.
Dave Rochester: Okay. And I was just curious, just looking at the balance sheet. I mean you have a decent amount of borrowings there. Your cash grew more than your entire borrowing balance this quarter. Are there any opportunities where you can – little away at that balance over time? I realize you may have some built-in prepayment penalties that you have to run into. But any opportunities on that side?
Darren King: Yes. I guess if you’ll look around – we probably – given where rates are, we wouldn’t be taking on any duration risk at this point with converting into mortgage-backed securities, but would prefer to stay short. We’ll have some long-term debt that will mature and roll over, and we won’t replace that in the short term. We can take advantage of those balances for funding. And then we’ll probably use some of it, as we mentioned in balances in the mortgage servicing business, where we would buy out some of the loans that are being modified and take them out of the pools. And we’ll use some of the excess cash to fund those in the short term.
Dave Rochester: And going back to the roll-off of the borrowings, what’s the schedule for that look like over the next year? Do you have any lumpy roll-offs that could really help the NIM in any of these quarters?
Darren King: There’s – look, everything is swapped. So the savings is not materially large.
Dave Rochester: Okay. Got it. Great. Thanks, guys. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pancari of Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: Good morning. On the reserve, have you – actually on your loss expectation, have you run your internal company run stress test yet for 2020 DFAS? Or have you disclosed it?
Darren King: We don’t run a company stress anymore as part of the – being a category for bank.
John Pancari: Okay. All right. So if the – so I guess I just want to see if you could help think about the reserve level now at the 1.68%, that’s about half of the last time you did run the publicly disclosed company run stress tests in 2020. And – so how should we – could you help us kind of triangulate that reserve coverage where it stands now versus the stress loss estimate? Is it really the macro assumptions behind it and dialing in of stimulus that you can attribute to that difference?
Darren King: Well, I guess there’s a number of factors, John, to think about when looking at that level of allowance. I guess, the first place that I start is we think about it more as 1.8% as opposed to 1.7%, which is I know splitting hairs, but just because of the PPP loans and the fact that there’s no credit risk there, or very little. And then when you compare the CCAR process to the CECL process, there are a couple of key differences. One is the assumptions that you mentioned. There are – the stress test is specifically designed to really put the bank under stress. And so when you look at some of the assumptions, the depth of the decline in GDP and the length of time it stays at those depths, the drop in unemployment, while we saw a bigger drop in unemployment in the short term. When you look at where that trends out over the last four to six quarters of the projection, it’s actually not as bad as what CCAR would have. And so there are some parts of the macroeconomic assumptions that are different. A key difference would be HPI. And that we’ve seen HPI hold up really strong right now, and the decrease in HPI is a lot different in our economic assessment today than what it would be under stress. Another really key difference is within CCAR, you assume that all – or we assume that all non-accrual loans charge-off. And we know that’s not our experience in the CECL allowance. Our CECL process would reflect our experience at recovering or curing those customers that are in non-accrual. And so those are some of the differences between the two. I guess the thing that we look back to is how the portfolio and the underwriting performed under the great financial crisis and what the actual losses were during that and what the peak losses were. And when we compare the portfolio to what we saw in that crisis, which was more financial driven crisis, obviously than as widespread as the pandemic. We look at where our reserving ratios are relative to what happened then. And – so CECL more so reflects our underwriting experience than CCAR might, we’re to use a little bit more of industry information and industry level losses. And so those are a bunch of the things that go on underneath. And we’re doing work. I think we talked about it during the quarter, Rene talked about it, of the portfolios where we see the forbearance, the highest, really literally going bottoms-up and credit by credit to understand what we think their cash flow is and their ability to sustain revenue shortfalls for periods of time and looking at the values of the collateral and how they might hold up under stress. And all of those different things are factors in our thought process when we set the allowance. And so it’s thorough, but it reflects both the economic environment and the view we have of our portfolio.
John Pancari: That’s very helpful. Thanks for all that color. And then separately, just wanted to see if I can get a little bit more granularity around the underlying commercial demand that you’re seeing on the loan book. It sounds like understandably, given that you expect commercial balances to remain flat to slightly down. It sounds like not a lot of underlying commercial demand. But just want to get your updated view on what you’re seeing live in terms of borrower demand, given where we stand right now in the pandemic.
Darren King: Yes. We’ve definitely seen a slowdown in demand. I think PPP helps create some of that slowdown because the customers were able to take advantage of those programs. But really, what’s encouraging to us that we’ve seen is a really rapid reaction by the customers to the new operating environment. And we’ve seen them make changes to their business to manage the burn rate of expenses. And so when you look at how they’re running their business, part of this you will see reflected in the deposit balances. The pace of turnover in their operating accounts isn’t what it was pre-pandemic. And so when you factor that in, along with some of the PPP funds and their ability to manage, they’re very liquid. And that’s a great thing from a credit perspective because they can withstand a longer slowdown in economic activity. But it doesn’t necessarily lead to a lot of loan demand in the short term. And so that’s really what’s going on there. But from our perspective, when we look at how the customer base has actually responded, we’re quite pleased with what we see. And the customers, I would say, are quite sanguine about what’s going on. I think we’re in that period right now where for our part of the country, we got through the hard hit that happened in April and May. We’re starting to see a rebound, and our customers are guardedly optimistic about how things are – how they will unfold, but cautious, and all of that is what’s leading to that forecast.
John Pancari: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Alexopoulos of JPMorgan.
Steven Alexopoulos: Good morning, Darren. To start, just to follow-up on the reserve. How much of the reserve build this quarter was tied to the change in economic forecast as opposed to portfolio specific changes? And were qualitative overlays a material factor this quarter?
Darren King: So if you look at the allowance, the biggest driver of the increase in – or the provision was the economic forecast. When you look at the moves in the grades, in some cases, the grades moved by one or two, and those aren’t generally the PD, the loss assumptions under those changes, aren’t big enough swings to cause a meaningful move in what you think your loss rates would be. It’s really as you get up into the criticized and even beyond the criticized and the non-accrual, where you really start to see an uptick in those rates. I would describe it as the grating that happened this quarter kind of caught up a little bit to the macroeconomic assumptions that were in the model at the end of the first quarter. And so those are the drivers there. And when you look at the qualitative overlays, we really didn’t change the overlays from an economic perspective in terms of the impact of the stimulus. That was pretty consistent from quarter-over-quarter. I would say the place where there was a qualitative overlay was looking at some of the instances in the models where they haven’t seen these types of inputs in terms of GDP changes and unemployment and in worse economic conditions tend to overpredict losses. And so for certain portfolios where we went through bottoms-up and looked at what we thought our loss was we kind of took that into account and made an overlay. But really, not much change quarter-over-quarter and not tremendously significant.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. That’s helpful. And then what are the areas that is a focal point for you guys? Is New York City commercial real estate exposure, as you know?
Darren King: Yes.
Steven Alexopoulos: Could you give us what’s the balance today? What are you seeing there? What are the deferral requests in that bucket? Any color would be helpful. Thanks.
Darren King: Sure. So within New York City, I think when you look in the 10-K, including construction, the balances are right around $9 billion – actually, sorry, a little bit high, $7 billion. And when we look at the requests for forbearance, they haven’t increased since what we saw in the first quarter. And when you walk down the portfolio by category, if we look at the industrial type of space, it’s really quite small, and that’s the least impacted segment. We’re still seeing rent collection rates of 95% plus there and low levels of forbearance. With – excuse me, the multi family portfolio, which in total exposure, including construction, is about $2.5 billion. We’re still seeing rent receipts above 90%. In fact, they went up slightly in July compared to what they were in April. And we haven’t seen any increases in requests for forbearance there. The office space continues to also see some slight upticks in rent being collected slightly over 90%, which is up from what it was in April, although not totally meaningfully. Hotel is probably one of the more challenged portfolios in aggregate, at least in terms of the economic impact, although the ability of the clients to handle things has been quite strong. And so the forbearance rates there are the highest, upwards of 70% plus. But what’s interesting is when we look at the forbearance rates across the whole hotel portfolio, they aren’t materially higher in New York City than they are across all other geographies. And we have seen through our card activity that hotels are – people are going back to hotels. The – in the retail world, which is another relatively large portfolio and then where there’s probably the next highest level of forbearance activity after the hotel portfolio, is about $1.3 billion. And interesting, that’s probably where we’ve seen the biggest increase in rents being paid since April and now is up over 50% from being slightly above 30% before. And so the New York City portfolio is so far holding up well. We’re seeing some trends that are positive in terms of payments, ultimately to the landlords. And then I guess the other thing that we just – we keep an eye on is what the loan-to-values are in that portfolio versus the – any other. And the loan-to-values across all those categories, in New York City, tend to be five to 10 percentage points lower than what the LTVs might look like in a similar asset class in the rest of the footprint. And so it’s still early days. And so far too early to declare victory. But the trends and the change in the trends from early in the quarter to the end of the quarter haven’t deteriorated and arguably are slightly more positive.
Steven Alexopoulos: All right. There was more color that I was hoping for. Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt O’Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matt O’Connor: The PPP loans are a pretty big part of your loan portfolio, bigger than I think a lot of your peers. And if you just think about the origination fee that you’ll get on that, it seems like a pretty decent chunk relative to earnings, capital reserves. Can you just give us an estimate on what you think the blended origination fee is on the $6.5 billion? And how much you think will be forgiven or repaid the next few quarters in aggregate?
Darren King: Yes. So the blended fee on the loans is probably somewhere between 270 and 280. And the pace of forgiveness is, as we said, a little bit tough to handicap. Although as we think about it, Matt, there’s a couple of things. There – the change to the program rules extended the time that the customers had to actually use the money. And so that pushes out the time period for the forgiveness. We thought a bunch of it originally, and we in the industry that it would be starting even as early as late in the second quarter, now that could push all the way into the fourth quarter. And so we expect forgiveness in the second half of the year, probably in the range of 60% to 70%. But how much is in the third quarter versus the fourth quarter. I guess, conservatism would lead us to say, we think it’s a little bit more back-end loaded in the fourth quarter than the third. But it remains to be seen. And the other thing that’s still just kind of hanging out there is the rules for forgiveness are still in consideration and will there be any automatic forgiveness or not for the small loans. I think those things will impact the timing that the longer it takes for the rules to be clear on forgiveness. I think that’s – that will have two impacts. It will slow down when that actually happens and when those fees get accelerated. And then the second thing that will happen is I think customers are being cautious about when they use the money. And so that sits in – on the balance sheet while they want to make sure that they spend it appropriately so that they have a better chance of having their loans forgiven. And so it’s a little bit fluid in there. But what’s relatively certain is that, that amount of origination fee or processing fee will come in over the next couple of years. The timing of when that shows up is a little bit uncertain.
Matt O’Connor: Got you. And then just separately, the expenses were very well-managed this quarter. The guidance for second half to be similar to first half, kind of implies 1Q expenses might have been bloated, 2Q expenses might have been unusually low, is that a reasonable way to frame it? Because the cost came in a lot lower, I think, than anyone would have expected in 2Q. And it doesn’t seem like that’s sustainable. So I just want to make sure I’m framing that right.
Darren King: Yes. I think you’re in the right ballpark there. We think that it’s closer to Q2, obviously, than it was to Q1. But this is M&T. And when we see movements in revenue and headwinds, then we take action on the expense side. And that’s kind of what happened in the second quarter and many of the things that we impacted in the second quarter should continue in the back half of the year. As we mentioned, there might be a little bit of lumpiness just because of some seasonal things that happen third quarter versus fourth. But if you average them out, you’re in the ballpark, maybe slightly higher than Q2 on average for each of those last two quarters with a bit of a mix difference between third and fourth.
Matt O’Connor: Got you. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Thanks, good morning. A question on the fee side of things. Darren, just wondering if you can help us understand some of the lines are better, some of the lines were worse. And as you look out, can you just talk about – can those service charges rebound? What do you see for mortgage? And just what were the fee waivers this quarter interim? And then what did they turn into? Thanks.
Darren King: Sure. So just kind of going category-by-category. If you look at the mortgage business, second quarter was a bang-up quarter for us and for most of the industry. Whether we continue at that pace in the consumer space, it’s difficult to say, but seems unlikely. But I don’t think we go all the way down to where we were in the first quarter. I would expect we’re somewhere in between. We should continue to see some gain on sales just from where rates are and from some of the portfolios that we’re servicing, where people will refi, which will be offset a little bit by slightly lower servicing fees. But net-net, I would expect us to be in the range between where we were in the first and the second. Trust income, you start to see a little bit of pressure on the – that line item just because of the fees that are associated with the money market mutual fund and the management fees. And so well we might see a little bit of pressure there. And then the service charge line is really the one that was impacted this quarter. And it’s interesting when you look at it that the payment related fees, so interchange have come back to where they were and up year-over-year. The biggest impacts are on some of the other line items, some of the ATM related fees where we’re, from some of the government programs, state related programs, we’re not allowed to charge for those. And so those will be off the table until that changes. And then one of the other big categories is NSF, and NSF is lower, mainly for two reasons, there’s less transaction activity and also higher average balances and customer accounts and then commercial account balances. So I think in a long-winded way of saying, I think we start to see service charges come back up through time, but probably takes a couple of quarters to get back to the run rate we were at in the first quarter. And then in some of the other income, again, you’ve got payment fees, that’s where the credit card-related fees are just because they’re not associated with deposit accounts. And so interchange and merchant should come back with business activity. And then that’s where some of the loan origination fees are like syndications. And again, as the – as those markets pick up, we’ll see those fees come back.
Ken Usdin: Got it. And then just a follow-up on the fee waivers. I think you talked last time that they could get to around $10 million. Do you have any different view there? And what were they this quarter? Thanks.
Darren King: They were – well, they were slightly higher than that this quarter. And I would expect them to be in that range in the third quarter, and then we’ll see how the – how things unfold to the fourth. It’s just because they’re more policy related. I’m hesitant to comment on what they might go beyond the third quarter.
Ken Usdin: Oh, wait. I’m sorry, Darren, I meant the trust, the waivers with the money market fee waiver side.
Darren King: Oh, okay. They were small in the second quarter. I mean really not that significant, and we’ll start to see them go up as we go forward, maybe in the neighborhood of $10 million a quarter, something like that.
Ken Usdin: Okay, got it. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Saul Martinez of UBS. Sir, your line is open. Please state your question.
Saul Martinez: Hello. Can you hear me? Sorry about that.
Darren King: We got you now.
Saul Martinez: So just kind to make sure I understood the guidance on expenses and have my numbers straight. So I think – I mean you mentioned that it would be similar to the second half versus the first half and stripping out some, I guess, some small amount of noncore items in the first quarter. By my calculation, that gets you a little under $1.7 billion or let’s just call it, $845 million, $850 million a quarter, which seems a little bit high versus what you kind of implied in your answer to Matt. So I just want to sharpen the pencil a little bit and make sure I kind of have the – a little bit tighter range in terms of the outlook going in the second half of the year.
Darren King: Yes, sure. I think the difference might be the comment about first and second is, it’s the same, excluding the seasonal salary impact or similar, excluding the seasonal salary impact. And that by itself will be about $60 million that you’d exclude. And if you were including that in the first, equal second, then you’d get that higher run rate. I think if you take the run rate that we saw in the second quarter and bump it up by $10 million or $15 million and think about that on average for the second half of the year, you’re probably in a better run rate.
Saul Martinez: Okay. Got it. So basically, second half normalizing to the seasonality?
Darren King: That’s right.
Saul Martinez: Is that what you’re saying? Okay. Got it. I just misunderstood that. Okay. And I guess on the NII, another bit more of a clarification question as well. I mean you gave a ton of color on the moving parts around that interest margin, I probably got lost in all of it. But I think the punch line was you do expect some uptick in net interest income in the third quarter versus the second and – first, I think I just wanted to make sure that was right. And are you – is that outlook incorporating any of the PPP deferral gains that you talked about 60% to 70% in the second half, fully realizing it’s completely uncertain and more fourth quarter tilted? But is that view that you will have some NII growth dependent on some realization of PPP forgiveness gains?
Darren King: Yes. That’s – and if you go in the third quarter, we expect a slight uptick in NII and that’s because some small amount of forgiveness starts to come in, and then you’ll have a full quarter of the PPP loans outstanding and the amortization of the fee. And then really start to see more of that weighted to the fourth quarter.
Saul Martinez: Okay. But there is some stuff that view that there is some uptick is incorporating some forgiveness. And I guess, the 60% to 70%, is that – I mean what – if you could just clarify on that, do you have a view of what percentage of the loans will be forgiven? And is the 60% to 70% based on the percentage of forgiveness, in other words, of those loans that are forgiven, you think 60% to 70% will in the second half without the right interpretation of what you said?
Darren King: Yes. I guess – so at the highest level, when you look at the PPP loans, you’re probably up to 75% over time. I guess, I’m kind of hedging my bets a little bit and thinking that maybe it’s more like 60% or 70%. What we know is just, again, because of the rules about when the funds are supposed to be dispersed, that it needs to happen by and large by the end of the year. And then the question on timing is when the customers go and seek forgiveness and then how quickly the SBA processes it. It’s likely to be concentrated in the next three quarters. And then there will be some – the rest of it will hang on and show up kind of over the normal course of those two year loans and the normal amortization. But that’s kind of how we’re thinking about it. And as I said, a little bit of that is in the third quarter, which helps. And then obviously, whatever doesn’t show up in the third quarter, starts to show up in the fourth and the first of 2021.
Saul Martinez: Got it. And I fully realize. It’s a very precise science. But I appreciate it. That’s all.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: I just had one follow-up question on NIM. Darren, you said earlier that the net interest margin was 25 basis points by excess cash and 3 basis points by PPP. I think investors thought it was helpful when one of your peers said this morning what the – what normalized NIM could be – could stabilize as we look at your earnings power post all the PPP noise. So if I exclude that, I would get to net interest margin in the 3.40% range. And as I think about your outlook for LIBOR decreasing, but potentially offset by deposit costs. As you think about second quarter, third quarter of 2021, is 3, 4 low or high 3, 3 is a good starting point for the margin?
Darren King: Yes. I think that’s a good way to think about it that we talked about that, that we look at the core earnings power of the bank, and that 22 basis points gets you down to where we would be absent those large increases in cash balances at the Fed as well as PPP. And you probably see that move down small amounts per quarter, just as the different hedge activity rolls on and rolls off, that the way the hedges were constructed through time that the received fixed rate on the hedges will slowly come down, and that will create some headwind. The flip side is the loan activity that is happening, we’ve seen some increases in the margin on that. And so that will help offset. So I think you’re thinking about it right, you’re in the ballpark of how we would see it without those factors. Really the – one of the big questions in the printed margin. And I would just kind of hold this to the side, it’s just where the cash settles out.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: I will now return the call to Don MacLeod for any additional or closing comments.
Don MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, if any clarification of any of the items on the call, the news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department at 716-842-5138.
Operator: Thank you for participating in the M&T Bank Second Quarter 2020 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-20 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the M&T Bank First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Director of Investor Relations, Don MacLeod. Please go ahead.
Donald MacLeod: Thank you, Brandy and good morning. I’d like to thank everyone for participating in M&T’s first quarter 2020 earnings conference call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website, www.mtb.com and by clicking on the Investor Relations link and then on the Events & Presentations link. Also before we start, I’d like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings on Forms 8-K, 10-K, and 10-Q including the Form 8-K filed today in connection with our earnings release for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements and risk factors. Now, I'd like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, Darren King.
Darren King: Thank you, Don and good morning everyone. Before we start, I'd like to take a moment to acknowledge the extraordinary efforts put forth by M&T's employees in response to the COVID-19 pandemic that over the past few weeks has impacted virtually every aspect of our economy. I'd like to share a story about our branches. When I first heard from Washington, D.C., but when I have since heard multiple times from across our footprint. In mid to late March, all of our relationship bankers began reaching out to customers to ensure they had appropriate access to their money with a particular focus on customers who infrequently use mobile and web banking. At the end of one such conversation, our banker asked the customer, if there was anything else we could do to help her. The customer said, I need food, my husband passed away. I lost my job and I have no food. I'm hungry. Natalie, quickly brought this to the attention of her branch manager who in turn, shared the story with the rest of the team, and they decided to do something about it. After closing the branch for the day, the team went shopping and on their way home delivered a significant supply of groceries to help our customer through her difficult time. Having previously managed the branch network, I can assure you this procedure is not covered in the branch operations manual. Next, I'd like to share some metrics that we believe highlight how M&T is operating in the current environment, while practicing safe social distancing, helping customers and enabling commerce. As of last Friday, 708 of our 733 full-service domestic branches are open and operating with a few restrictions. Drive-through windows and ATMs are operating normally and branch lobbies are on an appointment-only basis.  For commercial and consumer customers, M&T has provided a host of relief options, including loan maturity extensions, payment deferrals, fee waivers and low interest rate loan products. Our mortgage servicing group has worked to help customers seeking payment relief for loans we own or for those we service for others. So far, we've provided assistance to over 70,000 customers whose loan balances total some $13 billion. Just under 90% of those balances are serviced for others. In total, we've assisted an approximately 10% of the mortgage loans we service. Similarly, for customers with other consumer loans, auto and recreation finance, credit card and home equity loans, we've provided nearly 17,000 customers with some form of payment relief. These customers hold balances of over $500 million and represent just under 4% of our consumer loan portfolio. M&T has been helping small business customers to access the government's Paycheck Protection Program or PPP. This program offers loans backed by the small business administration, intended to sustain monthly business expenses, such as paychecks for employees, who would otherwise be laid off, rent and utilities. In total, M&T associates helped a total of 27,711 clients get approved for PPP loans totaling more than $6.4 billion. Over 2,000 M&T bankers worked around the clock to make that possible for our customers. Those companies collectively employ more than 600,000 workers. And if additional funding is made available, we have a backlog of additional clients we are ready to help get approved. For other business customers, large and small, and who entered the pandemic in good standing, we are offering short-term payment deferrals or other modifications to their existing credit agreements to help them manage short-term cash flow challenges. So far, we've provided modifications to nearly 6,000 businesses with an aggregate principal balance of $11 billion. And last week, we began receiving funds from the treasury department for deposit of COVID-19 stimulus payments into our customers' accounts. We know there will be more to do in the coming weeks, and our team stands ready to be a source of strength for our customers and our communities. Next, let's look at the financial results for the quarter. Diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $1.93 for the first quarter of 2020 compared with $3.60 in the fourth quarter of 2019 and $3.35 in the first quarter of 2019. Net income for the quarter was $269 million compared with $493 million in the linked quarter and $483 million in the year ago quarter. On a GAAP basis, M&T's first quarter results produced an annualized rate of return on average assets of 0.9% and an annualized return on average common equity of 7%. This compares with rates of 1.6% and 12.95%, respectively, in the previous quarter. Included in GAAP results, in the recent quarter were after tax expenses from the amortization of intangible assets amounting $3 million or $0.02 per common share, little change from the prior quarter. Consistent with our long-term practice, M&T provides supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis, from which we have only ever excluded the after-tax effect of amortization of intangible assets as well as any gains or expenses associated with mergers and acquisitions when they occur. M&T's net operating income for the first quarter, which excludes intangible amortization, was $272 million. This compares with $496 million in the linked quarter and $486 million in last year's first quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $1.95 for the recent quarter compared with $3.62 in 2019's fourth quarter and $3.38 in the first quarter of 2019. Net operating income yielded annualized rates of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders' equity of 0.94% and 10.39% for the recent quarter. The comparable returns were 1.67% and 19.08% in the fourth quarter of 2019. In accordance with the SEC's guidelines, this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results, including tangible assets and equity. Recall that both GAAP and net operating earnings for the first quarter of 2019 were impacted by a noteworthy item. Included in that quarter's results was, in addition to our legal reserves of $50 million, relating to a subsidiary's role as a trustee for customers employee stock ownership plans. This amounted to $37 million after-tax effect or $0.27 per diluted common share. Turning to the balance sheet and the income statement. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $982 million in the first quarter of 2020, down by $32 million from the linked quarter. This comes as the result of a lower level of average interest-earning assets combined with a nearly stable net interest margin. Margin for the past quarter was 3.65%, up 1 basis point from 3.64% in the linked quarter. As we indicated on our January conference call, a more favorable mix of earning assets, including a lower absolute level of average funds on deposit with the Fed, combined with a higher proportion of loans, provided a benefit to the margin of an estimated 11 basis points. Further declines in interest rates caused about three basis points of pressure to the margin, a relatively modest decrease, helped by an 11 basis point decline in the cost of interest burning -- interest-bearing deposits. As a result of higher forecasted prepayments, accelerated premium amortization on residential mortgage loans acquired in the Hudson City acquisition and on mortgage-backed securities accounted for another 4 basis points of pressure. Several other factors combined to contribute to a net three basis point margin reduction. Those factors include the lesser day count in the quarter compared with the prior quarter and non-accrual loan interest, which includes the change in the recognition of interest income on acquired loans as a result of our adoption of CECL. Average interest earning assets declined by just over 2%, reflecting a 31% decline in deposits with the Fed and a 9% decline in investment securities, partially offsetting those declines was a 2% increase in average loans outstanding compared with the previous quarter. Looking at the loans by category on an average basis compared with the linked quarter. Commercial and industrial loans increased 3%, including growth in dealer floor plan loans. Commercial real estate loans also grew by 3% compared to the fourth quarter. Residential real estate loans, which include mortgage loans acquired in the Hudson City transaction continued to pay down, consistent with our expectations. The portfolio declined by more than 2% or approximately $400 million. Consumer loans were up nearly 1%. Activity was consistent with recent quarters where growth in indirect auto and recreational finance loans has been outpacing declines in home equity, lines and loans. On an end-of-period basis, commercial and industrial loans increased by $2.4 billion or more than 10%. We estimate that draws on previously undrawn contractually committed lines accounted for nearly $2 billion of that increase, as the COVID-19 crisis led many customers to access funding sooner rather than later to manage their own liquidity. Average core customer deposits, which exclude deposits received at M&T's Cayman Island office and CDs over 250,000, declined less than 1% or nearly $630 million compared to the prior quarter. There were multiple factors that drove the change. Lower average mortgage escrow deposits a decline from seasonally high commercial deposits, in the fourth quarter and time deposit maturities. Those factors were partially offset by draws on credit lines, being immediately deposited back into customers' operating accounts, lower levels of off-balance sheet sweep activity by customers as lower rates have made sweeps, less attractive, and a moderate flight to quality as customers view funds on deposit at M&T as safer than other alternatives. On an end-of-period basis, core deposits were up 7%, reflecting new inflows of mortgage escrow deposits, as well as the redeposit of line draws. Lower levels of off-balance sheet sweeps and the flight to quality issues, I just mentioned. Foreign office deposits decreased 3% on an average basis and nearly 28% on an end-of-period basis. With sweep rates nearing historic lows, we expect to see less on balance sheet sweep activity by commercial customers, consistent with our experience during the zero rate environments over the first half of the prior decade. Instead, funds would likely remain in their operating accounts, either DDA or interest checking. Turning to non-interest income, non-interest income totaled $529 million in the first quarter, compared with $520 million -- $521 million in the prior quarter. The recent quarter included $21 million of valuation losses on equity securities, largely on our remaining holdings of GSE preferred stock. While 2019's final quarter, included $6 million of similar losses. Mortgage banking revenues were $128 million in the recent quarter, compared with $118 million in the linked quarter. Residential mortgage loans originated for sale were $919 million in the quarter, up more than 25% from $727 million in the fourth quarter. Total residential mortgage banking revenues, including origination and servicing activities were $98 million in the first quarter, improved from $91 million in the prior quarter. The increase reflects the higher volume of loans originated for sale combined with a stronger gain on sale margin. Commercial mortgage banking revenues were $30 million in the first quarter, compared with $27 million in the linked quarter. And the comparable figure in the first quarter of 2019 was $29 million. Trust income was $149 million in the recent quarter, down slightly from $152 million in the previous quarter. Results for the first quarter were solid through the first two months, but were then dampened by the March collapse, in equity markets. Service charges on deposit accounts were $106 million compared with $111 million in the fourth quarter. The decline from the linked quarter reflected some normal, seasonally lower levels of customer activity in addition to the COVID-19 driven slowdown in payments activity. During the first quarter of 2020, M&T received a cash distribution of $23 million from BayView Lending Group; M&T's results in the first quarter of 2019 included a similar distribution amounting to $37 million. Turning to expenses, operating expenses for the first quarter, which exclude the amortization of intangible assets, were $903 million. As noted, $889 million of operating expenses in the first quarter of 2019 included the $50 million addition to the litigation reserve. Operating expenses for the recent quarter included approximately $67 million of seasonally higher compensation costs related to the accelerated recognition of equity compensation expense for certain retirement-eligible employees, the HSA contribution, the impact of annual incentive compensation payouts on the 401(k) match and FICA payments as well as the annual reset in FICA payments and unemployment insurance. Those same items amounted to an increase in salaries and benefits of approximately $60 million in last year's first quarter. As usual, we expect those seasonal factors to decline significantly as we enter the second quarter. Excluding those seasonal factors, salaries and benefits were a little changed from the prior quarter. The year-over-year increase reflects the higher headcount as we've been deepening our bench of talent, which as we've previously noted, has allowed us to reduce our reliance on outside contractors and bring new products and services to our customers more quickly. Other cost of operations for the past quarter included a $10 million addition to the valuation allowance on our capitalized mortgage servicing rights. Recall, that there was a $16 million reduction in the allowance in 2019's fourth quarter. The efficiency ratio, which excludes intangible amortization from the numerator and securities gains or losses from the denominator, was 58.9% in the recent quarter compared with 53.1% in 2019's fourth quarter and 57.6% in the first quarter of 2019. Those ratios in the first quarters of 2019 and 2020 each reflect the seasonally elevated compensation expenses. Next, let's turn to credit. What had been a relatively healthy economy at the end of 2019 and early this year has deteriorated faster than most of us would have expected. While the first quarter 2020 changes in non-accrual loans and net charge-offs were still fairly benign, we are preparing for the likelihood of increased credit costs as the economic impact of the pandemic and the unprecedented stimulus programs unfold. At the end of 2019, in accordance with the then prevailing incurred loss accounting standard, M&T's allowance for credit losses amounted to $1.05 billion or 1.16% of loans. In connection with the adoption of the current expected credit loss standard, M&T added $132 million to the allowance, reflecting higher lifetime loss expectations under CECL. Those expectations included certain assumptions such as economic growth, unemployment and other factors. The provision for loan losses in the first quarter amounted to $250 million, exceeding net charge-offs by $201 million and increasing the allowance for credit losses to $1.4 billion or 1.47% of loans. The allowance currently reflects an updated series of assumptions, reflecting a more adverse economic scenario. Those assumptions include a significant deterioration of future macroeconomic indicators used in our reasonable and supportable forecast, including an unemployment rate, approaching double digits and a significant contraction of the GDP in the second quarter. The assumptions reflect a moderate recovery in the second half of 2020. Non-accrual loans amounted to $963 million or 1.06% of loans at the end of 2019. In connection with our adoption of the CECL accounting standard on January 1, 2020, M&T reclassified $171 million of loans that were previously acquired at a discount as non-accrual loans. Non-accrual loans as of March 31 amounted to $1.1 billion, an increase of $99 million from December. Thus, except for the accounting reclassification, non-accrual loans declined during the past quarter. At the end of the quarter, non-accrual loans as a percentage of loans was 1.13%. Net charge-offs for the recent quarter amounted to $49 million. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were 22 basis points for the first quarter compared with 18 basis points in the fourth quarter. Loans 90 days past due, on which we continue to accrue interest, were $530 million at the end of the recent quarter. Of those loans, $464 million or 88% were guaranteed by government related entities. Turning to capital, M&T's common equity Tier 1 ratio was an estimated 9.2% compared with 9.73% at the end of the fourth quarter, and which reflects the net impact of higher loans, and earnings net of dividends and share repurchases. During the first quarter, M&T repurchased 2.6 million shares of common stock at an aggregate cost of $374 million. Now, turning to the outlook. To start, it goes without saying, but I'll say it anyway, that the outlook and any forward-looking statements we made on the January earnings conference call are no longer applicable. As far as the balance sheet goes, our liquidity assets, short-term investments and the deposits with the Fed will be somewhat fluid as shorter term deposits, particularly from the servicing operation, expand or contract with refinancing activity. We wouldn't expect to make any significant purchase of investment securities in this environment. Future balance movement will be impacted by the pace and breadth of the economic restart, once the pandemic is believed to be under control. Holding government programs aside for a moment, average loans for the year will expand somewhat faster than previously expected as the line draws at the end of the first quarter roll into the average as well as the impact of any principal deferrals. As showrooms are mostly closed around the country, automobile sales and inventory are stalled as are those of recreational vehicles, although to a somewhat lesser extent. Focusing on government programs and their impact on the balance sheet, the most certain is the PPP program. While the balances that will be added to our balance sheet are known, as is the yield, there is a great degree of uncertainty as to the duration of these loans. These are extensively two-year loans, but prepayments in forgiveness will result in many loans being on the balance sheet for less than that time, introducing uncertainty into the size of the loan portfolio and the net interest margin in the coming months. The details of the Main Street Lending program are still being finalized and as such, our level of participation in the program, if any, remains unclear. Fees held up well in the first quarter. However, we are closely monitoring trends in interest rates, equity markets and pandemic responses to assess their impact on our businesses. Residential mortgage applications continue to be very strong with rates as low as they are. Trust income will be impacted by the state of the equity markets by a likely resumption of waivers of money market mutual fund management fees, while the zero rate environment persists and the potential for an extended slowdown in debt capital markets activity. Payment volumes in aggregate are down slightly. And we're offering fee waivers to our consumer customers. Certain industries, such as restaurants, travel and other leisure activities are being more heavily impacted by locally-mandated social distancing lockdowns. Lower payments activity will likely persist while those restrictions remain in effect. We expect the seasonal salaries and benefits surge we had in the first quarter to normalize as it does every year. We have significantly curtailed hiring in this environment and have been actively redeploying team members around the bank to address shifting business needs. Like other businesses around the country, shelter in place mandates will impact other aspects of our expense base, such as the use of contractors and travel and entertainment expense. Credit costs are difficult to predict. But as mentioned earlier, we are preparing for a challenging environment. While our consumer customers navigate through the forbearance period and our larger commercial customers work through a period of temporary debt restructuring, the ultimate impact of recent events on credit will not likely be clear for several months. Turning to capital, the current environment has not caused us to reconsider our long-standing capital allocation philosophy. Our primary use of capital is to support the economic activity of our customers while serving as a source of strength in the communities we serve. We will maintain prudent levels of capital to support that objective. Of course, as you are aware, our projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events and other macroeconomic factors, which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future, as we've just learned. Now, let's open up the call to questions, before which Brandy will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Ken Zerbe of Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe: Thanks. Good morning guys.
Darren King: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zerbe: So, it sounds just in terms of your CECL assumptions, it almost sounds like you're using the Moody's baseline from the end of March, which I guess, has gotten materially worse since the end of March. Could you just talk about what you might expect for provision? Or how you're thinking about that as we go into second quarter?
Darren King: Sure. If you look at the Moody's, which we do look at their various scenarios, we consider a range of their scenarios. The baseline is primary. But if you look at this quarter, I think it's there -- the S-3 scenario was also considered in our thought process when we were thinking through the assumptions in the CECL. And I guess, I'd just remind you that the economy and the expectations for the future are certainly in flux. And we looked at those and considered those when we were going through our work at the end of the quarter. At that point, we're probably expecting a sharp turn down and maybe a sharper recovery than what would appear to be the case today, but as we go through the next 90 days, we'll know more. And we'll see how things unfold. How quickly a restart happens or doesn't. And how those affect the future projections both from what we're seeing and what Moody's is seeing as we go through the quarter and as we think about things at the end of this quarter.
Ken Zerbe: Got you. Okay. No, I understood. That does help. I guess, maybe an easy question, just given what's happened to the rates. I know you talked a little bit about the margin and the factors that affected it this quarter. But how are you guys thinking about margin going into 2Q?
Darren King: Well, it's our expectation that the margin's probably moving down in the quarter. When you look at the -- while LIBOR has held up well, it did move down at the end of -- well, as we went through the quarter. And it's important to keep in mind, when pricing changes happen in the loan portfolio. And so -- well, the benchmark rate or the reference rate gets updated usually in the first few days of the month. And so any changes in that later in the month don't get reflected until the following. And so as you look at what happened this quarter with the drop of 150 basis points coming after the first week in March, most of that will start to get reflected in April and through the second quarter. The only other thing that I'd just remind folks is we think about margin in the second quarter is the PPP loans are going to have an impact on the margin. At 1%, those are low-yielding loans, although they carry a zero risk weighting. That's a substantial portfolio that will come on stream in the next several days and we'll have a material impact on the margin. So, I try to think about it a little bit both in terms of the margin, but also in focus on net interest income and the dollars of net interest income, and how those are likely to unfold over the course of the next three, six and nine months.
Ken Zerbe: Perfect. And if I can just fit--
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Rochester of Compass Point.
Dave Rochester: Hey, good morning guys.
Darren King: Good morning.
Dave Rochester: Hey, back in March, you guys gave some disclosure on some of the loan buckets you're watching a little more carefully. Can you just give an update on the reserving you've done in those buckets? And maybe some of the credit metrics around those? I know you mentioned LTVs in your hotel book of about 54%. But if you could just talk about the $6 billion or so, you haven't seen your housing or assisted living centers and maybe the $7 billion in retail, just trends you're seeing there? How you're thinking about reserving? That would be great.
Darren King: Yes, I guess, if you look at the various portfolios, the ones that we're paying a lot of attention to hotel, retail, restaurants, leisure, and to some extent, the healthcare facilities. What we're seeing so far is still early in terms of their economic performance. And when you look at -- we don't have first quarter financials yet. When you looked at where things were at the end of last year, they were still pretty strong. And so to see a change in the portfolio this early doesn't really happen. But as we look at the -- at forbearance and payment relief, a lot of those industries are places where they're getting some help. And when we look at some of the underlying trends in terms of loan to values, they're still solid. I think it will take a while for loan to values to adjust as well because a lot of times, the value is a function of the cash flows, and it remains to be seen what the ultimate long-term set of cash flows are with many of those industries, hotels being an obvious one. And so it's still a little early to say that we're seeing severe challenges in those industries per se. But as we talked about, when you look at the reserving, we've increased the reserve pretty substantially since the end of the year. And that's the whole idea of CECL is to start to account for the impact of changing economy on various industries. The other thing to keep in mind, which is still hard to really assess is how the stimulus package, which is really unprecedented might impact any of these portfolios. And in particular, the PPP program as a result of that. Many of the industries that we are concerned about have access the PPP program. And for our customers, they should be receiving the funds started over the weekend and should happen through the end of the week. And that should give them some liquidity to help get through the next two and a half months as the program was designed. So, no material regrading at this point as we just spend our time actually working with customers and calling them and making sure that we understand their situation and figure out ways to help keep them operating.
Dave Rochester: Perfect. I appreciate that detail. Do you happen to have the size of the restaurant book in the leisure segment you mentioned or maybe just the overall portfolio of the segments you mentioned, the hotel as everything combined? Just to get a sense of what the total is?
Darren King: Yes, when you look through the 10-K, tables five and six outlined a lot of the stuff. You look at hotels, between permanent and construction; it's just about $4 billion. Retail, you mentioned was about $6.3 billion. That covers a broad range of industries. I guess, a couple of things to keep in mind in retail is when you look at C&I retail, a lot of that is multi-unit retail and convenience stores associated with gas stations. And so those have been essential. And those have been open, although I'm sure, operating at lower volumes. And much of the retail book is actually associated with multi-storey buildings in Manhattan. And retail happens to be the first floor, but the way it gets coded, it gets coded as retail. If you look at restaurant and leisure, there are segments that aren't individually big enough that we call them out separately in those tables. Together, they're about $2 billion. So, I give you but they're contained within the other and some of the other line items. But collectively, they're relatively small in the grand scheme of things.
Dave Rochester: Okay. And then maybe just one last one on the assisted living center piece or the senior living center--
Darren King: Yes?
Dave Rochester: Have you talk to those clients; are they starting to see any customer attrition due to concerns around the virus at all or at least maybe reduced interest in new sign ups? And then what general breakeven occupancy -- what's the general breakeven occupancy for those?
Darren King: So, it's still early in the process, and we haven't heard any mass defections. I think most of the time; people have chosen to stay in place. And try to isolate themselves within the facilities. And many of the owner operators are taking measures to help care for the residents by separating them by floors based on whether they're -- they've tested positive or not. But there's really no other place in many cases for these folks to go. And so they stay where they are. And so we haven't really seen any material change in occupancy rates as of last week.
Dave Rochester: And then in terms of how full they need to be in order to maintain profitability? Any sense for what that breakeven is?
Darren King: I think it's hard to give an exact number because it varies by facility, type, and by geography. The one thing, I guess, we do know is we've seen at an industry level, some of the occupancy rates come down just as new builds came online. But that's an industry where those rates move up and down. And the operators are pretty savvy about being able to absorb capacity. So, we haven't seen anything yet where there is an issue with the facility's ability to maintain occupancy rates above their breakeven.
Dave Rochester: Great, all right. Thanks guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pancari of Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Darren King: Hey John, how are you?
John Pancari: All right. Just regarding the reserve and the addition you made this quarter, can you just give us a little bit of color on your through-cycle loss assumption that you baked in to come up with that addition to the reserve? I know the Fed has you at about $6 billion or 6.7% in the 2018 DFAST. Your company run was about 3.7% or about $3 billion. So, how do you -- how are you thinking about that? What's a fair through-cycle loss number? And did you run your 2020 analysis yet?
Darren King: We haven't run the 2020 -- or updated it since the stress test and the CCAR submission. If you think about the CECL and how it works, you've got a reasonable and supportable period, right, which is a couple of years. And then after that, you revert to the long-term average of the portfolio. And so there's a little bit of a difference between CECL and its calculation of losses versus what the stress test might be in addition to the assumptions made in the stress test about, well, one, how severe it is and how long it is. But so far, the assumptions in CECL would have been almost as severe, although not quite, but certainly not as long. And so there's a change that may or may not happen depending on how the economy restarts. I guess we'll see as we go. But those would be the big factors that would be different between those two. I guess the thing that we focus much or more on what we know to be the quality of the portfolio and the quality of the credits that underlie it. And when you look at the CCAR results, you look at our DFAST, which you mentioned; we are lower than the Fed under stress. And our actual losses in the last crisis were lower than that. And when we think about our reserving, we're obviously adjusting it and taking into account the latest information about what's going on in the economy, but we're also looking at the portfolio and what's happening in the portfolio. And it's so far very, very early on to understand how the impact of the stimulus is going to work, how the -- how quickly the restart is going to impact the portfolio. But just looking at loss coverage, over the average of the last five years, the loss coverage in the allowance is about seven times what the charge-offs have been. And our peak losses as a percentage of loans in the last crisis was 1%. And so there's lots of different ways to kind of triangulate and figure out whether or not you feel reasonable with the reserve. And based on the assumptions that we used, we felt comfortable with the combination of those Moody's scenarios that we talk about. We looked at the quality of the portfolio and how it's performing so far and the history. And looked at the ratios along a number of those dimensions. And based on where we sit right now, we feel comfortable with it and if the outlook changes, then we'll update that at the end of the next quarter.
John Pancari: Got it, okay. Thanks, Darren. And then my follow-up is just around on the capital side. And more specifically, if you could just talk about the sustainability of the dividend here. Do you -- how do you look at that? Do you think there's a potential likelihood of a cut? Or do you think it's fair where it stands right now? Thanks.
Darren King: Sure. It's interesting how our conversations about our dividend change through time. It wasn't that long ago that 33% payout ratio didn't seem like very large. And we kept saying one day, the world will change, and it will be good to have a lower payout ratio. So, we start from a good spot in terms of the payout ratio. When you look at the PPNR to assets, the ratio of PPNR that we generate compared to the average is at the high end, if not amongst the high end, certainly amongst peer group. And we expect that to continue in the short term. And our capital ratio is even at 9.2%, assuming we don't do any repurchases, is only going to go up. And we have 220 basis points of distance between us and where we would believe we would be under the stress capital buffer framework. And so for now, we feel pretty good that we're generating earnings and have the capital that we need to be able to support lending to creditworthy customers in our community. And so for now, we feel like it's sustainable. And I'll remind you that we worked really hard to make sure it was sustainable through the last crisis as well.
John Pancari: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Frank Schiraldi of Piper Sandler.
Frank Schiraldi: Good morning.
Darren King: Hi Frank.
Frank Schiraldi: Just curious about the levels of -- Darren, if you could just talk a little bit more about the levels of deferment you're seeing, specifically on the commercial side? And if you think about some of those buckets of concern, like restaurant. Just curious where restaurant and your hospitality portfolio is in terms of total deferments at this point?
Darren King: Yes, just going to get a little more detail on, if I got it by industry. Now, when I look at the work that we've done so far, as you might expected, the deferrals in the commercial book. First, they skew towards a small business customer just because of the numbers. And when you look in there, it's disproportionately restaurants, hotels and parts of the economy that are related to activity and people being out and about. The other thing, though, that's important to keep in mind is when I also look through the distribution of industries that were accessing PPP and were funded through the PPP program, it reflects a very similar distribution in terms of the types of customers that are receiving -- that are receiving funds under that program. It would skew towards restaurants. It would skew towards hospitality and hotels and the like as well as some of the construction that's been shut down. And so when we look at the deferrals that have happened so far, what's interesting, at least to me, is that there is lots of folks, both in consumer and in commercial, who have asked for deferrals, but have not actually exercised it. And so just to give you an example, within the mortgage portfolio, about a-third actually made their April payments. When we look at some parts of the real estate book, in the multifamily space, our customers are reporting that anywhere between 75% and 90% depending on the type of property of the rental payments were made by customers in April. And many of those would have sought some kind of deferral. And so a lot of these programs were implemented and mandated by various state authorities. And people took advantage or at least took the time to call and say, I want you to know that, I've been impacted by COVID. So that, if they choose to take advantage of the deferral or the payment relief that they're okay doing it and there won't be any issues with credit reporting and the like. But in the first month, we were quite pleased and pleasantly surprised with the number of payments that were actually made.
Frank Schiraldi: Okay. And just as a follow-up on the PPP program, just wondering how you're thinking about that from -- in terms of customers versus -- I mean, I would imagine you guys have your hands full with prioritizing customers. But if there is a second round, would you open that up to non-customers as well? If you could just maybe talk about how you're thinking about that?
Darren King: Sure. I think -- we're hopeful that there will be a second round because, obviously, it was in high demand by business customers around the country and a very helpful program. We are in business to help all the customers in our communities, whether they're actual customers today or future ones. I think one of the things that maybe is a little misunderstood around the industry, with relation to whether you look at customers or non-customers, wasn't to say we prefer customers over non, but more to be able to get the money in the hands of folks more quickly, because of AML, BSA know your customer processes, it was much easier to expedite your existing customers because those checks were already done and that you'd already done those verifications. And therefore, you could process them more quickly and had a better chance of helping them get access to the PPP early on. And if the -- if the amount gets increased or Congress passes an additional amount of stimulus, I suspect you will see that more non-customers might look to access funds around the country. But I think the SBA and the Fed did a good job setting up as many banks as possible to be able to provide access for their customers.
Frank Schiraldi: Okay. And do you have any expectations, just final question on how much of the PPP would be will ultimately be given in over the next couple of months as opposed to remaining on the books for a longer period of time, perhaps up to two years?
Darren King: Frank, that's the million-dollar question. It's -- I think -- I guess, we were pleased that the way the program was set up provided an opportunity for there to be forgiveness. And that it was designed in a way to keep as many businesses as possible open and running and with people employed. And so, I would expect that, that as many companies as could demonstrate that they met the criteria for forgiveness that they would choose to try and improve that and take advantage of that. How quickly they're able to do it? I can't handicap. But it seems very unlikely to me that a significant percentage will last the full two years, right? And how many will prepay or seek forgiveness after three months, six months, nine months, I think it's really tough to handicap, which is part of the reason why forecasting balances going forward and forecasting the margin going forward is so difficult just because it's really tough to figure out what might happen. And again, depending on where those customers were and which parts of the country and how quickly those parts of the country restart, I think we'll have a big impact on what percentage of those customers seek and receive forgiveness and over what time period.
Frank Schiraldi: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question from the line of Steven Alexopoulos of JPMorgan.
Steven Alexopoulos: Hey Darren, good morning.
Darren King: Good morning, Steven.
Steven Alexopoulos: I want to ask you on the margin. So, just given the sharp move down in interest rates we've seen, what's the new money yield today on loans and securities and loans would be ex-PPP?
Darren King: Well, so while the rates have come down, what you've seen is spreads have widened. And so when you think about the cost of funding for the banks, while it's down in absolute, the spread that we have to pay is a little bit higher. So, when you think about yields, you're probably seeing a little bit of an increase in the spread to the benchmark or the reference rate was probably in the low 200s, high 100s as we entered the year. You're probably seeing things in the range of 50 to 70 basis points wider on new money coming in right now. But obviously, that varies a lot depending on the collateral and the loan to values in the industry. But the absolute yield for the customers, from their perspective, even though the spreads might be a little bit wider is certainly coming down.
Steven Alexopoulos: And what about securities?
Darren King: Well, securities or whatever market is, we don't anticipate adding a lot of securities in this environment just because of the impact that it can have on AOCI as rates go up. And when we look at the yield, we get holding it in at the Fed. It's not much different than what we can invest in. And so just given the uncertainty of the cash flows and how long they might be around, we'll kind of hold them more overnight while we wait for things to settle down.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache of Nomura.
Bill Carcache: Hi. Good morning. You guys disclosed that 90% of your commercial loans and leases were secured at the end of last year. Can you discuss how you're thinking about the value of the underlying collateral today relative to history, given the unique nature of the pandemic? More specifically, I'm curious whether you can frame how sensitive you think collateral values would be to either a more extended period of social distancing or just what that sensitivity is? Any color around that would be great.
Darren King: Sure. Obviously, the -- in many cases, the value of the collateral is directly a function of the underlying business operations, right? So, if you think about a hotel and the value that the property, it's as much a function of its ability to generate cash flow from occupancy and so the value of that collateral in the short-term drops. But its ultimate long-term value will be a function of how that particular geography rebounds from the pandemic, and how quickly the occupancy rates come up. And the other thing that you find is -- and we found in the last crisis is, when these values start to drop and people are stressed, new money comes into the system and buys up those properties. Many of our customers are sitting on cash and hoping that some of these property values come down because they'll see it as an opportunity to get good quality assets at a low price. And so there does tend to be a bit of a floor on many of these things, particularly the real estate assets. And so, I guess the thing that is tricky is, in the short term, there could be an immediate reaction. But in the short term, people don't have cash flow problems. It takes them a while to burn through their cash. And then like we said, they access these various programs to bridge them and get them through. And then we see how quickly they come up and what we need to do to keep them going. And so, when we stress the portfolio, we'll stress LTVs and see what happens with their cash flow. And the impact that has on LTVS, and we'll stress their debt service coverage ratio. And we'll look at how far their income has to fall or rates have to go up or any of the above to look at their debt service coverage ratios. And then, when we put those two together. And historically, when we've looked at the portfolios and we put those two things together, we found that a very small percentage of our customers and outstanding dollars are really challenged and severely stressed when both of those things happen together. And so, we've got certain parts of the portfolio that are impacted more than others based on the pandemic. And then within that, there is different geographies that are impacted differently, and then customer-specific situations that are impacted. And so, it's always a work in progress to figure out what the loan to values might be at any given time. The good news is that it takes a while for the losses and for these challenges to emerge. And so what's interesting is the pace of information around society has gotten really fast. But the pace of change in terms of how these things flow through the economy and impact businesses isn't quite as fast. And so it's going to take a while for this to work its way through the system and through the portfolios before you get into a situation where you're really relying on collateral values to try and bail you out. But as you've heard from us before, when we look at many of our statistics about loan to values in our commercial portfolios, they're very low. When we look at loan value to bone, they get even lower. And so from where we sit today, we feel like we've got a lot of room to be able to protect ourselves. But really, that's the last resort. Our first resort is to work with clients to keep them in business, because that's the best outcome for everybody.
Bill Carcache: That’s really helpful. Thanks so much for taking my question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Winter of Wedbush Securities.
Peter Winter: Hi, Darren.
Darren King: Good morning, Peter.
Peter Winter: You were talking about the margin. You expect it to be down in the second quarter, but strong loan growth as well. So, do you think net interest income would grow over first quarter levels?
Darren King: It's the -- I'm hesitating, Peter, not because I'm dodging the question, but more it's the impact of PPP and how that offsets the impact of the decreased margin against the loan growth, right? And so some of the loan growth we saw at the end of the quarter was really nice. We'll see how long those lines remain drawn, but those will create some net interest income in the second quarter compared to the first, maybe helps minimize some of the decrease. And then the other question is those PPP loans. Adding $6.5 million of principal balance is helpful to net interest income. I mean, even though the yield is low, there are some other fees associated with it. And then we get to the question of how long they stay. And then we'll have a full quarter impact of LIBOR on the other side and its impact. So, absent PPP, net interest income is probably moving down, although not quite at the same rate as margin might be, just because of the loan balance growth. And then you add on the -- whatever your estimate is of PPP on top of that, and how long those loans actually stay on the balance sheet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good afternoon. My questions have been asked and answered. Thank you.
Darren King: Thanks, Erika.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Kenneth Usdin: Hey, thanks. Darren, just one on the fee side. Can you just talk about two things within that? First of all, how do you expect the residential mortgage business to act relative to the commercial business in terms of this new environment, in terms of revenue generation? And then secondly, can you detail for us what fee waivers might look like in terms of the trust business and what magnitude that might have as an impact? Thank you.
Darren King: Sure. I should have wrote this down. Remind me your first question again?
Kenneth Usdin: Residential versus commercial mortgage banking?
Darren King: Yes. So, residential is going to see more activity. I think the -- the commercial business, a lot of the way it works is the pipelines take a while to build. And so the second quarter pipeline will be -- or fees will be a function of how the pipeline was before the economic activity slowed down in the stay at home orders or shelter in place orders came into effect. How quickly things start-up? How construction comes online? How many people try to take advantage of rates will be a function of where they are in the back half of the year. And so I would expect the commercial business from a mortgage perspective to be a little tougher, probably won't be near what it was last year, which the third quarter last year was a record quarter for us. On the consumer side, I think the refinancing activity continues, especially with rates where they are. You haven't seen the rates come down for customers as much as they have in the market just because many of the servicers struggle with adjusting the underwriting and staffing to meet demand. And so a lot of times, what happens is the price gets impacted to manage demand. And so you'll see a little bit of benefit and gain on sale there. The other thing that's a little bit of a question is how many people are in some kind of payment deferral or payment relief, because it would be tougher for them to qualify for a refinance when they're under that situation. And so that will take some people off the table right away. But it will keep the mortgage servicing business a little bit longer. And so I would think that, overall the cash flip there, would be more secure and potentially have some more upside as people look to refi and you get the gain on sale component of that. And I would expect that, the gain on sale margins will stay elevated for at least a little while longer, just because of the ability to get folks, on the phones and able to handle the volume that's coming in. When you get to the trust lines or some of the other fees, when you look at some of the other fees and kind of the service charge category, you'll see the impact of interchange and slower economic activity there, as people are out doing less things and drawing on their account less often. You'll see the instance of NSF come down. That tends to be an activity driven fee. And so you see a decrease there. And then you've got the impact of the equity markets on assets under management and those fees. And then depending on how long rates stay low, you've got the impact on the money market mutual fund fees, and not charging there and subsidizing that, so, on the funds maybe it's, $10 million a quarter, kind of impact. If you look at the equity markets, maybe the same kind of thing. And then when you think about the other fees, you're probably in $15 million-ish a quarter, $20 million a quarter, something like that.
Kenneth Usdin: Got it. Thanks a lot, Darren.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Foran of Autonomous.
Brian Foran: Hi. I know you said it was early on credit, so I want to recognize that. But I wonder if you could just speak to geography. Unfortunately, New York City and Westchester are kind of ground zero for the virus. And they're big markets for you. As you look out over the next year and again recognizing the uncertainty. But do you expect a materially different credit performance here in New York versus the rest of your footprint?
Darren King: Sure. So, I guess, if you look at New York City, we got to break down the different components of what sits in New York City and what percentage of the portfolio it is. If you look in the hotel space, it's now 20% of the portfolio. And obviously, it's completely shut down, and there's not a lot of tourism happening there right now. But if you look at those properties and the value of those properties, we would expect those to hold up pretty well through time. They might drop, but the likelihood that they drop below our loan-to-value for any extended period of time, we don't see as a high probability right now. When you think about the multifamily portfolio, I'll go back to where we talked about payments that were made by renters in April, and that the rates of people paying their rent were quite high from kind of 75% of the payments coming in and maybe our average building in terms of quality, if you were to pitch it that way. The higher end buildings, we're seeing payment rates of more in the 90% range. And so, we would expect those folks to stay in good position. We've mentioned a number of times just about the relationships we have in New York and how long they are and how liquid those customers tend to be that those are the ones that oftentimes in these environments would see opportunity as much as they see risk and would look to be buyers as opposed to sellers. And then when I mentioned some of the retail in New York City, you see in retail probably be the hardest hit there and that the rental rates for High Street properties on Madison Avenue and Fifth Ave., they've been under pressure for a while. And so this probably resets those rates lower. But in many cases, when we look at our properties in Manhattan, where it might get classified as retail because of what those rates had been, many of those, if not all of those properties have multiple floors above the first floor retail space. And they would have office or some residential or mixed use. And the cash flow that comes from the upper floors is enough to sustain the property if retail is vacant or is challenged. And so we feel pretty good that we've got the cash flow covered at least in the short term and totally understandable why New York City is a question. Obviously, given our position there, we pay a lot of attention to it and are in constant contact with the customer base. And it's because of that, that I was able to quote some of those numbers about the rent payments that we're seeing. And so we're on top of it. And based on what we can see right now, are confident that the portfolio will be solid like we saw in the last crisis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Hi Darren, how are you?
Darren King: Doing well. How are you, Gerard?
Gerard Cassidy: Good. Thank you. Obviously, many of us have been around for a while covering this industry. And we recall back in the S&L crisis that the government got involved and trying to facilitate in solving first being required by healthy savings banks, which ended up turning into a disaster for those savings banks. We then, of course, had TARP in 2008-2009, where the government change the rules on paying back TARP, having to raise capital. What can you -- how can you reassure us, if you can, that the government’s not going to change the rules on all these lending programs next year sometime? And actually work against the banks in some shape, some form? I know it's nobody's planning on that, but can you put in any safeguards to try to insulate yourself from something like that?
Darren King: Boy, Gerard, you're dark today. You got to get out of your place.
Gerard Cassidy: There you go.
Darren King: Go take a walk or something. I guess, right now, our first priority is trying to help customers. And make sure that we use the programs as we believe they were intended to try and put the money in the hands of our customers to try and keep them open and running and to help keep employment as high as it can be or paychecks flowing, and to help stimulate the economy to make the impact of this pandemic as low as possible for our customers and our employees and our community. If you look at the programs that are out there, many of the programs are repeats from last time. If you look at the health program or you look at the commercial paper program or you look at many of the other programs, they are repeats and have an outcome that's known. So far, we haven't heard anything about TARP or the likes of TARP. And I think if you look at the outcome of the last crisis and you look at the stress test and you look at the capital levels in the industry and amongst us and the peers, we're all starting from a great place when you look at liquidity, which banks are not that difficult to either fail or survive because of liquidity and capital. And so capital is in a good place and liquidity so far is in a good place. And when you think about the moves that everyone is making to preserve both liquidity and capital, I think we're starting from a good place. And so the industry's need to rely on some of these programs like we had to in the last crisis or some of the other ones that you mentioned, is a little bit less. I think as an industry as these programs are being developed by Congress and by the Fed, we're being asked for input. And we're trying to help provide input to make sure that the programs are structured in a way that make them most beneficial to the customer and so that we can help facilitate them. I think this PPP program other than some of the operational and procedural hiccups that happened, is actually a really good program. And that it was thoughtful and that it was designed to be relatively low documentation, but you had to show that you are covering operating expenses, so it was designed to keep you in business. With the FDA guarantee behind us, it's -- it should be helpful. And then with the forgiveness for the outside world, I guess, probably the thing that if you're going to be cynical and worried, you would worry about the documentation aspect of the PPP program and whether there's a change of heart and how that's looked at. I think you could argue that some of the FHA programs and documentation became a bit of a bugaboo for the industry last time around. But I think that's also partly why you saw some banks, us included, not rush out when the program became final on Thursday night, that Thursday, but go out on Monday so that we could take the time to make sure we had a very good process where we could put the documentation in place. And one of the key components of that was BSA-AML. And so I think there's a lot that the industry has learned to try and protect ourselves from those types of things. We're in a better starting place. And at this time, this isn't a financial crisis. This is driven by something else. And so hopefully some of the relationship, we'll call it between the banking system and Washington isn't at a place that it was in some of those other circumstances where you'd see a change of heart. But I don't want to be overly Pollyanna and say that a change in administration in November could change all that, too. So, it's something I think we all got to keep an eye on. But I think we're starting from a better place and are in a more thoughtful place than we would have been an industry going into the last crisis.
Operator: And thank you. That does reach our allotted time for Q&A. I would now like turn the floor back over to Don for any closing or additional comments.
Donald MacLeod: Real quickly. I had one question e-mailed to me asking about the bifurcation of the allowance at March 31, consumer versus commercial. I believe that the number we disclosed that with the adoption of CECL was 55% commercial, 45% consumer. It would be a little a couple -- maybe one or two points higher than that today, but not materially different.
Donald MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, a clarification of any of the items on the call or the news release is necessary, please reach out to our Investor Relations department at area code 716-842-5138. Thank you and good bye.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-16 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the People’s United Financial, Inc. Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Shri and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the presentation over to Mr. Andrew Hersom, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations for People’s United Financial, Inc. Please proceed, sir.
Andrew Hersom: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. Here with me to review our fourth quarter and full year 2019 results are Jack Barnes, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; David Rosato, Chief Financial Officer; Kirk Walters, Corporate Development and Strategic Planning; Jeff Tengel, President; and Jeff Hoyt, Chief Accounting Officer. Please remember to refer to our forward-looking statements on slide one of this presentation, which is posted on our website, peoples.com, under Investor Relations. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Jack.
Jack Barnes: Thank you, Andrew. Good afternoon. We appreciate everyone joining us today. Let’s begin by turning to the full year overview on slide two. We are very pleased with the Company’s financial and operating performance in 2019. It was another noteworthy year for People’s United as we acquired two banks and a specialty finance company, enhanced our suite of banking technology and strengthened core capabilities. As a result, we continued to build the earnings power of the Company while further solidifying its foundation to generate consistent and sustainable growth in the years ahead. Commitment to our strategy of balancing organic growth and thoughtful M&A was evident during 2019. We began the year by acquiring VAR Technology, an innovative specialty finance company with an exclusive focus on the technology sector. VAR has been successful, integrated into LEAF Capital, and transitioned from an origination for sale model to an origination to hold model. In April, we closed the acquisition of BSB Bancorp, the holding company for Belmont Bank, and completed the [co] [ph] conversion in July. Belmont has added to the momentum our franchise is generating in the Greater Boston area. We are particularly pleased with the synergies provided by Belmont’s commercial real estate team, which continues to generate strong production. In November, we also closed the acquisition of United Financial Bancorp, the holding company for United Bank. The addition of United bolsters our already significant share of retail households and commercial clients across Central Connecticut and Western Massachusetts. The integration is progressing well. The core systems conversion will take place early in the second quarter. And we are on track to realize projected cost base. Our strong results this year are a testament to the efforts of our employees who successfully integrated VAR, completed the core system conversion for Belmont, and advanced the integration of United, while continuing to deliver organic growth and enhanced profitability. This performance is further evidence that the integration of acquisitions is a significant core competency of People’s United. Throughout 2019 we made further investments in technology platforms, as consumers continue to shift to digital channels. We’ve launched several mobile device and online driven offerings this year, including our most recent offering of a digital small business solution for loans $250,000 or less. Looking ahead, we remain committed to providing enhanced digital access as we aim to deliver an integrated service model that blends the best in customer service with digital solutions. As such, we will continue to partner with fintech companies to bring greater efficiency, ease of use and scale to meet the evolving needs of our customers. Looking at the full year financial performance. Operating earnings increased 20% from a year ago to $552 million, the highest in the Company’s history. In addition, operating earnings of $1.39 per common share grew for the 10th consecutive year. These strong results generated an operating return on average tangible common equity of 14.7%, an increase of 10 basis points compared to the prior year. Total revenues of $1.8 billion increased 15% year-over-year, driven by both organic growth and recent acquisitions. This increase reflects improvement in both net interest income and net non-interest income. Net interest income of $1.4 billion was up 14% from 2018 or 11%, excluding United, within our full-year growth goal range of 11% to 13%. As you will recall, we updated our full-year goals earlier this year to include Belmont but did not incorporate United as the acquisition had yet to close. Despite the interest rate environment during the year and the easing of monetary policy by the Federal Reserve, our full-year net interest margin expanded 2 basis points to 3.14%. Excluding United, the margin was 3.13%, which is within our 3.05% to 3.15% goal range. Non-interest income had a terrific year with an especially strong fourth quarter. Full-year results of $431 million increased 18% or 13% on an operating basis, which far exceeded our 2% to 4% growth expectation. This increase was driven by a variety of lines, including a particularly high level of customer swap income. Operating non-interest income, excluding United, increased 11%. From an operating perspective, total expenses of $1.097 billion were up $112 million from a year ago. We are pleased with these results, given the inclusion of United, Belmont and VAR into the franchise during the year and having Farmington on the books for a full 12 months. Excluding United, operating expenses were $1.074 billion, well within our full-year goal range of $1.06 billion to $1.08 billion. As a result of our revenue growth and the ability to control costs, while still making improvements and investments in the franchise, we continued to enhance operating leverage, as demonstrated by a 160 basis-point improvement from the prior year in the efficiency ratio to 55.8%. Period-end loans and deposits increased 24% and 21%, respectively from a year ago, driven both by recent acquisitions and organic growth. Excluding United and the transactional portion of our New York multifamily portfolio, period-end loan balances were $38 billion, up 11% from year-end 2018, right in the middle of our 10% to 12% growth expectations for the year. In addition to the inclusion of Belmont, these results were driven by strong results in mortgage warehouse lending, equipment finance, and our specialized industry verticals within C&I, partially offset by continued headwinds within commercial real estate and home equity. Period-end deposit balances excluding United were $38.3 billion, an increase of 6%, which was below our full-year goal of 10% to 12% growth. While we achieved meaningful growth in commercial deposits, retail balances declined modestly from 2018 due to some managed run-offs of higher cost deposits from Belmont and standalone People’s United. Furthermore, a managed decline in brokered deposits also impacted the balances at year-end. Before looking ahead, it is important to briefly reflect on the significant progress of our franchise. Over the last 10 years, we have almost tripled total assets to nearly $60 billion, increased full-year operating earnings per share at an average annual rate of 16%. Strengthened our presence in Metro New York and Greater Boston, deepened already strong positions within our heritage markets and expanded our national businesses. At the same time, we have remained true to our roots of delivering superior service at a local level, maintaining exceptional asset quality and supporting our communities. As we start a new decade, already filled with economic and competitive uncertainties, we are confident our long-term approach to managing the business will enable us to generate value for customers and shareholders, regardless of the operating environment. With that background in mind, let me outline our goals for the full-year 2020, as listed on slide three. It is important to note the following goals incorporate a full year of Belmont and United. The first goal is to grow our core loan portfolio in the range of 2% to 4% on a period-end basis. The core loan portfolio excludes the runoff of select United loan portfolios, which ended 2019 with an aggregate balance of $1.346 billion. This balance is less than the approximately $1.8 billion in runoff we referenced at the acquisition’s announcement, due to a subsequent decision to sell $492 million of these loans. As such, these balances are included in the loans held for sale line on the balance sheet. We expect the runoff of the select United portfolios to be in the range of $300 million to $400 million for the full year. Core loans also excludes the transactional portion of our New York multifamily portfolio, which is in runoff mode. Period-end balances for this portfolio finished 2019 at $737 million. We expect the runoff in the transactional New York multifamily portfolio to be in the range of $300 million to $400 million for the full year. After excluding these portfolios, the balance at year-end 2019 for core loans was $41.513 billion. Included in the 2% to 4% core loan growth is an assumption that residential mortgage balances will be unchanged from year-end 2019 as we continue to remix the balance sheet to focus on higher yielding portfolios. Secondly, period-end deposit growth is anticipated to be in a range of 2% to 4% as we continue to focus on gathering core customer deposits while managing down higher cost portfolios. The next goal is for net interest income to increase in the range of 9% to 11%. Embedded in this goal is the expectation for the net interest margin to be in the range of 3% to 3.1%. This net interest margin range is derived from many different factors, one of which is an assumption of no change in the Fed funds rate during the year. Moving on to noninterest income. As I mentioned earlier, total noninterest income had -- we hard a terrific year in 2019, including a very strong fourth quarter. The results were driven by a variety of lines including some that have inherently lumpy results period-to-period. Our assumption is for a level of normalization to occur in 2020. As such, we expect noninterest income on an operating basis to grow in the range of 2% to 4% from $424 million in 2019. Operating noninterest expenses, which exclude merger-related costs, are anticipated to be in the range of $1.19 billion to $1.22 billion, as compared to the $1.097 billion in 2019. As a reminder, this range includes a full year of results from Belmont and United. It is also important to note, the core system conversion for United is not expected until early in the second quarter. We also expect to maintain excellent credit quality with a provision in the range of $40 million to $50 million. The higher provision level reflects expected loan growth and the impact of CECL. In addition, we anticipate our effective tax rate for the year to be in the range of 20% to 22%. Finally, we plan to maintain strong capital levels with an expectation that at year-end, holding company common equity Tier 1 capital ratio will be in the range of 10% to 10.5%. This goal does not contemplate any share repurchases during the year. As you’ll recall, we positioned the buyback program announced in July as an opportunistic capital management tool. As such, any decision to repurchase shares will be subject to market conditions. With that, I’ll pass it to David to discuss the fourth quarter results.
David Rosato: Thank you, Jack. We concluded 2019 with strong financial performance as demonstrated by another quarter of record earnings. Operating earnings of $158.8 million increased 17% linked quarter and reflected the acquisition of United, improved net interest margin and positive operating leverage. It is important to note, the fourth quarter included the following items which were deemed non-operated: Merger-related costs of $22.6 million pretax or $17.8 million after tax; an intangible asset write-off of $16.5 million pretax or $13 million after tax related to the liquidation of our public mutual funds; a gain net of expenses of $7.6 million pretax or $6 million after tax, related to the sale of eight branches in Central Maine; the transaction closed in October and included approximately $104 million in loans, $262 million in deposits and $240 million of assets under management. Turning to slide five. Net interest income of $382.7 million, increased $34 million or 10% from the third quarter. The loan portfolio contributed $23.2 million to the increase, due to higher balances. Lower deposit and borrowing costs benefitted net interest income by $5.3 million and $2.7 million, respectively. In addition, higher balances in the securities portfolio added $2.8 million. Overall, the inclusion of United added approximately $35 million to net interest income for the quarter. As displayed on slide six, net interest margin of 3.14% expanded two basis points linked quarter. The margin benefited from continued disciplined management of deposit costs, remixing of the loan portfolio and the net effect of purchase accounting adjustments related to the United transaction. Excluding these purchase accounting adjustments, the margin was 3.09% or 3 basis points less than the third quarter. Lower borrowing costs favorably impacted net interest margin by 2 basis points, while lower loan yields reduced the margin by 5 basis points. Turning to loans on slide seven. Average balances of $42 billion increased by $3.7 billion or 10% from the third quarter, driven primarily by the addition of United. On an organic basis, average balances increased $40 million or less than 1%. Period-end balances of $43.6 billion increased $4.8 billion linked quarter, but were essentially flat excluding United. Organic commercial loan growth of $314 million was driven by solid results in commercial real estate, equipment finance, and C&I, partially offset by seasonally lower mortgage warehouse lending balances. The increase in commercial loans was offset by a $343 million decline in retail loans, mostly due to our planned reduction of residential mortgages, as we continue to remix the balance sheet with a focus on higher yielding portfolios. Commercial Real Estate organic growth was driven primarily by strong performance in Northern New England, particularly in Massachusetts. All three of our equipment finance businesses grew balances during the quarter with LEAF once again generating excellent production. C&I continues to benefit from our specialized industry verticals, with especially good results in fund banking, healthcare and franchise lending during the quarter. Moving on to deposits on slide eight. Average balances of $42.2 billion increased $3.5 billion, or 9% from the third quarter, while period-end balances of $43.6 billion were up $5 billion or 13%. The higher balances were driven by the inclusion of United. Excluding the acquisition, average and period-end balances decreased $97 million and $287 million respectively or less than 1% on each basis. While we achieved solid growth in commercial deposits, retail balances declined modestly due to some managed runoff of higher cost deposits. In addition, a managed reduction in brokered deposits also impacted balances. We remained focused on controlling pricing as evidenced by a 13 basis-point reduction in deposit costs during the quarter. Similar to the third quarter, we remain disciplined in managing costs across the franchise. Looking to slide nine. We continued to achieve strong non-interest income with $124.2 million in the fourth quarter. This result marks an increase of $18.2 million or 17% on a linked quarter basis. Operating non-interest income, which excludes the $7.6 million gain, net of expenses from the sale of 8 Central Maine branches, was $116.6 million, up $10.6 million or 10% from the third quarter. The inclusion of United added approximately $5 million to non-interest income in the quarter. By non-interest income category, the $10.6 million linked quarter increased was primarily driven by $3.3 million in higher customer interest rate swap income, a $1.9 million increase in bank service charges, primarily attributable to the addition of United, $1.1 million in higher commercial banking fees, and a $7.7 million increase in other non-interest income. This increase was driven by several items, including a $3.3 million gain on the sale leaseback of our office building in Burlington, Vermont, and a $1.6 million benefit to non-interest income from the mark-to-market of one equity security position. These increases were partially offset by a $2.8 million decrease in insurance revenues, reflecting the seasonality of commercial insurance renewals, and a $600,000 decline in investment management fees, which was partially related to the $240 million of assets under management sold as part of the Central Maine branch sale. On slide 10, non-interest expense of $325.7 million increased $44.3 million linked quarter. Included in the fourth quarter were $39.1 million of non-operating costs in the following categories: $25.5 million in other expenses; $7.5 million in compensation and benefits; $5.6 million in professional and outside services; and the remaining $500,000 in occupancy and equipment. In comparison, the third quarter incurred $5 million of non-operating costs. Excluding non-operating costs, non-interest expense of $286.6 million was up $10.2 million or 4% linked quarter. This increase was driven by the inclusion of United, which added approximately $24 million to operating non-interest expense in the quarter. By expense category, the $10.2 million linked quarter increase was mostly due to $7 million in higher occupancy and equipment expenses; a $6.6 million increase in compensation and benefits; an additional $4 million in professional and outside service costs; and a $2 million increase in regulatory assessments. This variance was due to a lower third quarter assessment resulting from an FDIC credit. The largest driver offsetting these increases was $10.9 million in lower other expenses. As a reminder, third quarter other expenses were unfavorably impacted by certain legal and other onetime operational costs. Turning to slide 11. The efficiency ratio of 53.7% improved 310 basis points from the third quarter and 140 basis points year-over-year, reflecting well-controlled expenses and higher revenues. Asset quality was once again exceptional across each of our portfolios, as demonstrated on slide 12. Originated nonperforming assets as a percentage of originated loans and REO at 55 basis points is a 1 basis point improvement from the third quarter and below our peer group and top 50 banks. Net charge-offs of 6 basis points were unchanged from Q3 and continue to reflect the minimal loss content in our nonperforming assets. Briefly on slides 13 and 14. Return on average assets and return on average tangible common equity declined 7 basis points and 120 basis points respectively from the third quarter. On an operating basis, both metrics improved. Operating return on average assets was up 8 basis points to 113 basis points, while operating return on average tangible common equity increased 80 basis points to 15.2%. Finally, capital ratios remained strong, given our diversified business mix and long history of exceptional risk management. This concludes our prepared remarks. We’ll be happy to answer any questions you may have. Operator, we’re ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mark Fitzgibbon with Piper Sandler.
Mark Fitzgibbon: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. First question I had is just to clarify a comment Jack you made about the loan balances. So, if we take the year-end loan balances of call it $43.6 billion and that grows sort of 2% to 4% -- and did I hear correctly that you’re going to see runoff of $300 million to $400 million on the United portfolio this year and another $300 million to $400 million from New York multifamily runoff?
David Rosato: Yes. That’s correct, Mark.
Mark Fitzgibbon: So, [indiscernible] you split the difference on the growth 2 to 4, say it’s $1.3 billion, less somewhere between $600 million and $800 million of loan growth or runoff I should say?
Jack Barnes: Okay. Loan growth excludes the runoff.
David Rosato: Correct. So, if you take the ending total loans of 43.6, reduce the $1.346 billion of United and the multifamily of 737 brings you down to 41.5. So, that’s the base that the loan growth is off of. Then additionally, we expect those two portfolios to run off between $300 million and $400 million each during the year.
Mark Fitzgibbon: Got you. Okay. And then secondly, can you help us think about the purchase accounting impact on the margin over the next maybe quarter or two?
David Rosato: Yes. So, we called out, Mark, the 5 basis points in Q4. That is a good number, the way I think about kind of two components obviously, the loan side and the deposit side. The loan purchase accounting will be with us for about four years. On the deposit side, most of that, Mark, is around the CD portfolio, which is about a year. So, you’re going to see first half benefit larger than the second half. But, the second half will be a run rate for a couple years.
Mark Fitzgibbon: Okay. And then, the $16.5 million write-off for intangible asset, what is the asset that the write-off is on? I didn’t see it in the release anyway.
David Rosato: So, that was the value that we attributed to the mutual fund business at acquisition of Gerstein Fisher.
Mark Fitzgibbon: Okay. And then lastly, Jack, I wondered if you could comment on your outlook for M&A in the Northeast, and has your view on bigger deals changed in light of how the market has received so well some of the larger transactions?
Jack Barnes: So, I really don’t see the pace of M&A generally changing dramatically one way or the other in the Northeast, I would say at this point. And in terms appetite for larger deals, we’ve been willing to consider larger deals if appropriate, the right fix, et cetera. So, again, I don’t think our view has changed. There is not many larger deals across our footprint. I will say that, if you look at our footprint and what’s out there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe: Great. Thanks. Actually, I had a similar questions line of thought here. Could you just give us the base that you are using for both the NII and the fees that you are growing off of? I just want to make sure we’re on the same page.
David Rosato: Starting with the fees, the base is the $424 million that we referenced, the base for the NII is just what is in the press release, which is $1.412 billion.
Ken Zerbe: Got you. Okay, perfect. That’s helpful. And then, obviously, your CET1 target, the 10% to 10.5% does not include any buybacks. Could you just talk about how aggressive you might potentially be with buybacks? I mean, is it -- could you get down to 9%, 9.5%? I’m trying to think how of how to think about layering in buybacks on top of that base number.
Jack Barnes: So, Ken, what I would say is, when we announced the buyback, and then -- in the call on the third quarter and today for the third time we’ve used the term opportunistic. The 10% to 10.5% is consistent capital level that we put out as a goal for last year as well. We managed within that last year. And our intention would be to manage within it this year as well.
Ken Zerbe: Okay. So, I guess, given zero buybacks this whole year, then when you say opportunistic, it would not be a crazy assumption to assume zero buybacks next year as well that that’s one possibility. Is that correct?
Jack Barnes: Well, there’s a whole range of possibilities from no buybacks to the full completion of the 5%, based on our views of the equity markets and obviously our stock in particular.
Ken Zerbe: Okay, understood. Thank you very much.
Jack Barnes: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Casey Haire with Jefferies.
Casey Haire: I wanted to touch on the loan growth, so the 2% to 4%. Which buckets are going to be driving that? And should we -- it sounds like you guys are still happy to run down resi mortgage. Like, what sort of headwinds should we expect from resi mortgage in 2020?
Jack Barnes: As we said in the script, we’re expecting resi to basically stay flat year end to year end. There’s actually a lot of activity in there, as you can imagine, given amortization and payoffs. So, one of the things that I guess, I hope it’s clear to everybody, we’re very committed to resi mortgage in terms of delivering the product to our customer base, important part of the retail -- part of our bank. So, it’s -- there are some wholesale channels where we can do less. And as we’ve been saying, our focus is trying to remix gradually so that we’re booking more higher yield portfolios and a softening, if you will, the percentage of -- reducing the percentage of residential mortgages overall on the balance sheet. So, that’s where the resi is. I’d ask Jeff Tengel to talk about the loan growth in the other business lines.
Jeff Tengel: Yes. In the commercial business, we think it’s going to be very similar to what we experienced this year. We’re not expecting a lot of growth, if any, in our commercial real estate portfolio for all the reasons we’ve talked about in the past. And so, across the rest of our franchise, our core middle market business, particularly in our larger markets like Connecticut and Massachusetts have had growth in 2019. And we think that will continue in 2020. We’ve seen a lot of good growth across a number of the industry specialization, businesses that David referenced. We think that momentum will continue into 2019. And our equipment finance businesses also had good growth in ‘19 and we expect that to continue in 2020. So, we feel really good about all of those commercial businesses, and think that the pipelines are in pretty good shape and feel pretty confident going into the year.
Casey Haire: Okay, great.
Jack Barnes: Hey, Casey. Just to put a number around our thinking about resi mortgages. If you go back to like June of ‘17, so before the last three acquisitions, we had about 21% of the loan book in resi mortgages. At June of ‘19, it was up to almost 25%. And so, we’re just trying to bring that number down a few percentage points without selling anything out of it, do it on a natural basis and not obviously bring up the commercial side, which yields more.
Casey Haire: Understood, got it. Okay. And then, just switching to the reserve side of things with a lot of moving parts here, but just given all the ups and downs within the loan portfolio. But, as we think about CECL and your adoption of it, how do you guys see -- what do you see the go forward provision rate, the loan loss reserve ratio settling out, as you adopt CECL?
Jack Barnes: Well, so we gave a provision guidance of $40 million to $50 million that that was inclusive of United. So, that’s $10 million to $12.5 million dollars a quarter is the way we’re thinking about it and you should as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jared Shaw with Wells Fargo Securities.
Jared Shaw: Just a couple questions I guess on the margin. So, I hear you with the lower accretion as we go into the second half of the year. But, are you -- with the focus on the higher yielding loans as the area of growth, I guess, where are you seeing more of that incremental pressure on the margin? Is it repricing of the loan portfolio or is there really just not much more room to move on the deposit side?
Jack Barnes: I would say it’s a little bit of both. So, we had three quick Fed moves in kind of a compressed period of time in the third and fourth quarter. I would say by the time the quarter was over, the loan portfolio has kind of repriced, any lags in there had kind of come down. Remember, about 44% at this point of that -- of our loan portfolio is really one month LIBOR driven. And one month LIBOR came down 34 basis points, I think it was in Q4. We telegraphed our guidance around steady interest rates, steady Fed funds rate. So, I think as the fixed piece of the portfolio rolls, you’ll see some downward pressure there. I think, if the Fed does not do anything all year, it will be harder to bring down deposit pricing; there will be some positive role in our CD books. And the other piece of that is we’re seeing good restraint across the industry on deposit prices. So, I just think, in a steadier environment, the ability to make moves will be a little bit muted.
Jared Shaw: And then, on the securities portfolio, I know United had some CLOs, were those completely gone by the end of the year? And as a secondary part of that, what I guess drove that 5 basis-point growth in the securities portfolio, is that a purchase effort on your part or is that more just a mark-to-market on the portfolio that was acquired?
Jack Barnes: No. So, they did have a CLO portfolio. That portfolio never hit our books, meaning that it was gone before we acquired that. We did exactly like we said we would, when we announced the deal. All those securities were liquidated. All that came over from their portfolio was a little over $300 million of securities that we would say are very much like the stuff that we own. Within the quarter, you saw, I believe, a 5 basis-point improvement in the yield on the securities portfolio, driven by the addition of some municipal bonds, which -- in that portfolio, as well as really good low levels of prepayment activity across the mortgage backed. So, the amount of amortization that went through the portfolio was really well-controlled in the fourth quarter, resulting in a higher yield.
Jared Shaw: And then, just finally for me, with the branches that were sold up in Maine and a more compact branch footprint now I guess in southern New England, are there other areas where you could actually see -- or we could see the bank do some de novo expansion, whether it’s South Shore Mass or more infill in the Boston area or would any future footprint expansion really be driven by M&A?
Jack Barnes: I would say, we just opened a de novo branch, in the Seaport area in Boston. And we certainly would consider looking at other opportunities there. That branch by the way is really off to a great start. And we also did Penn Station in New York. And again, we’re encouraged by that, it’s off to a great start and a lot of activity there. So, we definitely are open to de novo, love to build out the South Shore Boston and kind of considering and looking at our options there. And, so we’re open to it. We actually are also closing, continue to close branches. So, kind of working to optimize the branch footprint all the time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Alexopoulos with JP Morgan.
Steven Alexopoulos: Just a first follow-up on NIM. What’s the assumed purchase accounting accretion benefit that’s in the 2020 guidance, is that around 5 basis points? 
Jack Barnes: Yes, just slightly below that, for the full year.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. And then, quite a few moving parts of the loan growth guidance. What are the expectations for reported total loans, not making any adjustments? Where do you see total loan balances moving in 2020?
David Rosato: Well, it really is off -- it’s that growth off that base that we gave, that 43.5 base.
Jack Barnes: That 2% to 4% loan growth, but we’ve excluded some runoff in that...
David Rosato: Yes. I’m sorry. I gave the wrong number, off the base of 41.5.
Steven Alexopoulos: Right. I guess, I’m trying to figure out when the Company’s positioned to start showing total loan growth that’s more material, ex all of these runoff items. Doesn’t sound like it’s 2020.
Jack Barnes: Yes. I mean, I think, one thing is when the commercial real estate market, however you want to describe it as, it’s clearly frothy. And it hits us in many different ways as largest portfolio. So, we’ve been -- we did -- what was it, Jeff? $2 billion in originations, right?
Jeff Tengel: Yes.
Jack Barnes: In ‘19, and we’re basically flat. So, we’re active in the business. We’re taking care of our customers, but we’re getting payoffs from shadow banking companies, we are getting sale of properties. So, it’s hard to predict, Steve, when that changes other than some kind of a change -- in my mind, a change in -- like a cycle change for instance, maybe a change in rate environment where that changes the dynamics. That’s why, I think when Jeff kind of referred to whether it’s middle-market business banking, the leasing companies, the verticals, we’re actually doing quite well in a lot of our businesses, and moving ourselves forward. But, that’s a challenge.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. Thanks. And then, finally on expenses, for the guidance, are you guys still assuming 75% phase in of UBNK cost saves in 2020, is that still the assumption?
David Rosato: Yes. No change.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. And then, expense picture has been a little bit muddled because of all the deals. Dave, how do you think about just organic expense growth for the franchise, ex any acquisitions?
David Rosato: Yes. I think about that as about a 2% growth -- 2% rate. And we’ve -- I know every year, there has been M&A activity in there, but that’s really what it works out to be.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Collyn Gilbert with KBW.
Collyn Gilbert: Just a few just sort of housekeeping items. David, what was the balance of the mortgage warehouse portfolio this quarter?
David Rosato: It was $1.4 billion.
Collyn Gilbert: Okay. And is your expectation for that in -- I mean for balances to drop as you are kind of thinking about the book in total -- the total loan book that you could balances drop in 2020 for that line?
David Rosato: Yes, a small amount. I mean, they came off a little bit in Q4 about $180 million or so. We expect a little bit of decline next year, subject -- once again, I mean the mortgage book was completely different than we thought at the beginning of the year, subject to level of interest rates and refi activity.
Collyn Gilbert: Okay. And then, on the loans that you have in the held for sale, the resi mortgages that you guys are selling, what’s the blended yield on those?
David Rosato: Well. So, just to be clear, the $0.5 billion that you see that showed up on the loans held for sale are United Bank portfolios that subsequent to the deal we decided to sell, and that work is in process.
Collyn Gilbert: Okay. So, does that mean you can’t offer what the yield was on those loans?
David Rosato: Yes, we’d rather not.
Collyn Gilbert: Okay. And then, just going back to the dynamics of the NIM, so David, understand you’re saying that just if we’re in a steady rate environment, there is probably less movement to see here. But, can you just talk a little bit about what you’re doing with your deposit offering rates right now? And then, is there -- would there be a catalyst that putting rate aside that would cause you to kind of drop your deposit rates again? Just trying to think about the flow-through of potentially lower funding going forward.
David Rosato: Sure. So, I would say, number one, the -- I would stress that since the Fed started moving down, since the end of July, we’ve been very disciplined around deposit pricing across all of our businesses. But, we also would say that the industry has been well-disciplined as well, which is important because when we have one or two players who aren’t, it’s difficult. So, for example, today, our best CD offer out there is a six-month CD at a 1.70, right? So, slightly below the top end of the Fed target range. The other thing that we did on the retail side is become less aggressive on money market promotions. So, those offer rates are lower relative to where Fed funds target is, and that’s been another dynamic in the last six months. I don’t see those type of -- that type of behavior changing in 2020, at least in the near term. So, I think it’s that day to day our frontline folks being in front of customers trying to generate growth in new accounts and serving our customers. But, we’re able to do it in a slightly less promo environment.
Jack Barnes: And then, the other thing I would add Collyn is we’re really pleased with the work that our relationship mangers have done, going out proactively and having the conversation with customers about the Fed raised rates and we raised deposit pricing. Now, the Fed has lowered rates and we need to lower pricing. And because of relationships and good communication, we feel really good that we’ve had nice success.
Collyn Gilbert: Okay. That’s helpful. And I guess, along those lines, if we think about -- recognizing obviously the incremental growth in the portfolio is going to be fairly low. But, just the margin on the new business that’s coming on in the wake of well, yes, we saw the curve steepen, it’s still obviously very narrow. But, are you kind of structurally seeing kind of a NIM benefit longer term that you’re -- the incremental spread that you’re putting on in the balance sheet is more than that 3%, or is it less?
David Rosato: I would say, actually Collyn, a little bit the other way. So, last quarter we referenced that that differential came down from about 50 basis points in the second quarter to about 30 basis points in the third. That has moved down a bit in the fourth quarter. Subject to mix and shape of the yield curve, I think that’s going -- that dynamic will slowly come in, not expand.
Collyn Gilbert: Okay. And then...
David Rosato: Collyn, just to finish that thought. So, there’s two components to that. Right? There’s interest rate -- benchmark interest rates and credit spreads. And what I would say is the driver is benchmark interest rates. Our credit spreads have been pretty steady in the back half of last year, and we don’t expect that to change.
Collyn Gilbert: Okay. All right. That’s helpful. And then, the decision around selling the mutual fund -- some of the mutual funds, can you just walk through that, or is that like specifically tied to the bridge, just trying to understand what you guys are doing there?
David Rosato: Well, we did not sell the mutual fund. So, we -- they were public mutual funds. It’s a little over $550 million that were in Gerstein Fisher. We just stopped using public mutual funds as the vehicle for those customers to invest. We’re still managing that money. We just are doing it back in what we call our managed account group. So, same customers, same investment strategies, just not in a public mutual fund format where we have higher cost to serve those customers.
Collyn Gilbert: And then, just as we think about the initial accretion targets for UBNK, I think, it was like $0.07 a share that you guys were looking for, for EPS accretion. How do you sort of see that folding in? Because I think if we align what your -- some of the targets are -- well, let me just ask that question. How do you see that $0.07 folding in?
David Rosato: So, that $0.07, which was on a fully phased in cost basis. Right? And as Jack referenced, the conversion will be done early in the second quarter. And then, there is a little bit of time before we get everything out, all the cost out and get to the permanent, if you will, run rate. So, everything around that transaction from purchase accounting, accretion, it’s all on target. So, no change in our expectations. The only change really is the rather than running off $1.8 billion of loans, we decided to take that $0.5 billion and sell them. So that means that $0.5 billion of assets will be gone sooner than we originally thought, but it’s actually not going to be material to the financial projections that we gave.
Collyn Gilbert: Okay. So, that doesn’t change that. Okay. That is -- that’s helpful. All right. I will leave it there. Thanks, guys.
Jack Barnes: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matthew Breese with Stephens.
Matthew Breese: I just wanted to confirm quick on CECL, the initial reserve guidance increase $40 million to $60 million, does that still hold? And is that -- should we expect a similar impact to capital?
David Rosato: So, that’s -- just for everyone’s benefit, that’s what we referenced on the third quarter call. As a reminder, that did not include United Bank. Our work around CECL continues. We now think that we’ll actually be just around the lower end of that number when all is said and done. So, plus or minus $40 million. And then, there will be some additional to United but that work is still in progress as well.
Matthew Breese: Could you give us some sort of a range perhaps? Is it significantly less or more than the $40 million, just for ballpark purposes?
David Rosato: Just for United?
Matthew Breese: Yes.
David Rosato: It’s below that.
Matthew Breese: Okay. And then, considering -- once we true it up, considering the moving parts, you’ll be running off some of the UBNK, you are mix shifting more towards commercial, the overall reserve level relative to loans, is that an increasing or decreasing number?
David Rosato: I think, it’s about the same. The credit discipline of the Company is unchanged. The changing nature or complexion of the credit risk on the balance sheet is not significantly different from where we have been historically.
Matthew Breese: Okay. So, despite the mix shift, it will stay flat. Understood.
David Rosato: Yes.
Matthew Breese: Your securities portfolio, just going back to Jared’s question, just wanted to confirm, because prior commentary was that you would sell roughly $550 million. Should we expect the $7.8 billion securities portfolio, should we expect that to hold flat through 2020? Is that a good modeling estimate?
David Rosato: Yes. That’s fine. As I said, everything we said we would sell out of United, we did. And actually some of it, was as I referenced on the CLOs, they actually did it prior to acquisition. And so, today the securities portfolio is about 13% of total assets. We’ve been there for a while. That’s less than -- some years we are running 15%, but where the level of interest rates pretty modest, steepness of the yield curve, we’re pretty much going to keep things where they are as we see it today.
Matthew Breese: And then, my last one, just concerning your actions on the branch network, your comments on taking a look at the physical branch network, could you just remind us of the Stop & Shop supermarket branches? How many are there? How are they performing? Are they performing up to expectations? If there is a contract associated with them? When is that up for renewal? Just wanted to get a sense for as you consider the branch network, whether or not the supermarket branches are part of the long-term story.
David Rosato: Sure. I’ll give you a couple of numbers. And then, if Jack wants to make any other comment. So, today at year-end, we had about -- we have 450 branches across the franchise, the Stop & Shops across New York and Connecticut are about 150 million -- 150 of the 450 branches. They are a critical part today and have been of our branch network, they are a low-cost delivery source for us. And then, the contract that we talked about before is up in about two years. We also own an option to extend that if we want.
Jack Barnes: I would say, just to add that we’re working with Stop & Shop to look to the future and kind of, if you will, the model that we’re using and we’re having some very constructive conversations with that. [Indiscernible] but just work our way through that period and determine where we go.
Matthew Breese: And then, just my last one ticky-tacky, really. Just considering the loan yields quarter-over-quarter, the equipment financing bucket only decreased 5 basis points. I was a little surprised by the movement there. Could you just give us a reminder of the typical equipment finance loan structure, variable floating versus fixed? And how much LEAF with the higher yielding component played into what was relatively a small move in that bucket?
David Rosato: So, I will interpret your question as you were pleasantly surprised by the performance. The LEAF is the highest yielding portfolio of the three. So, everything across our three equipment platforms is fixed rate production. Right? Unlike our mortgage warehouse or ABL, which is 100% one month LIBOR, these are our fixed rate cash flows or a predominant amount of our fixed rate cash flows. And spreads and yield, spreads don’t change that often and they’re not -- the business especially in LEAF and PUEFC, the old former fin Fed are -- it’s a rate-driven business, and they don’t move that often. So, that’s how that yield, even in a down 75 basis-point Fed funds environment holds up. The largest of our three platforms, PCLC is lower yielding and more market-sensitive, but that is the business that we have held flat from an outstandings perspective for the last three years or so. And then, don’t forget, this was the year that at the beginning of the year, we bought VAR Technologies and we brought them into the fold. And they are a really nice high yield originator as well.
Matthew Breese: Understood. Could you give us an idea what the LEAF yield is? And that’s my last question.
David Rosato: Sure. So, that yield -- just on a coupon yield, ignoring a nice fee income is yields from, call it 7.25% to about 8%.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from David Bishop with D.A. Davidson.
David Bishop: Most of my questions have been answered, but...
Jack Barnes: Sorry. We’re having a hard time hearing you, David.
David Bishop: Yes. Most of my questions have been answered. But, from a housekeeping perspective, the buyback, the current authorization, where does that stand again, could you remind us?
David Rosato: We really have only bought a de minimis amount of shares back. So, essentially zero.
David Bishop: Got it. And then, from a purchase accounting accretion impact this quarter, do you have that from a dollar amount perspective what that benefit was in the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter?
David Rosato: Fourth quarter pertaining to United was about $6.5 million.
David Bishop: And then, the core legacy purchase accounting interest income from Belmont and others?
David Rosato: Those numbers have gotten quite a bit smaller at this point. David, we’d have to come back and give you the details on that. We can take that offline. I can’t remember exactly where Belmont was, at this point.
David Bishop: Got it. Will follow up offline. Okay. Thank you, guys.
Jack Barnes: Thank you.
David Rosato: You are welcome.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude the time we have for questions. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Barnes for closing remarks.
Jack Barnes: Thank you. In closing, another quarter of record earnings provided a great finish to a strong 2019 for People’s United. We were pleased with our performance during the fourth quarter, which was highlighted by improved net interest margin, lower deposit costs, continued remixing of the balance sheet with a focus on higher yielding portfolios, solid organic commercial loan growth, positive operating leverage, strong noninterest income, and sustained excellent asset quality. Thank you for your interest in People’s United. Have a good night.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-17 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Samantha and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the M&T Bank Q3 2019 earnings call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Don MacLeod, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Don MacLeod: Thank you Samantha and good morning. I would like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's third quarter 2019 earnings conference call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website, www.mtb.com and by clicking on the Investor Relations link and then on the Events and Presentations link. Also before we start, I would like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on Forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now I would like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, Darren King.
Darren King: Thank you Don and good morning everyone. As noted in this morning's earnings press release, M&T's results for the third quarter include several items that we think are worth highlighting. Total revenues grew from the prior quarter and the year ago quarter notwithstanding the lower interest rate environment and associated pressures on net interest income. Although we recognized an additional valuation allowance on our mortgage servicing rights, which reflects higher expected prepayments arising from lower interest rates, we also record an impressive increase in mortgage banking revenues. This demonstrates how mortgage loan originations can act as somewhat of a partial hedge for the mortgage servicing business. Loan growth continues to be steady and in line with our expectations for low single digit aggregate growth in 2019. Credit quality is consistent with our recent experience with net charge-offs stable at rates well below our long term average. A further decline in criticize loans was accompanied by an increase in non-accrual loans primarily as a result of one large loan previously reported as criticized. Let's take a look at the specifics. Diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $3.47 for the third quarter of 2019, compared with $3.34 in the second quarter of 2019 and $3.53 in the third quarter of 2018. Net income for the quarter was $480 million compared with $473 million in the linked quarter and $526 million in the year ago quarter. On a GAAP basis, M&T's third quarter results produced an annualized rate of return on average assets of 1.58% and an annualized return on average common equity of 12.73%. This compares with rates of 1.6% and 12.68%, respectively, in the previous quarter. Included in the GAAP results in the recent quarter were after-tax expenses from the amortization of intangible assets amounting to $4 million or $0.03 per common share, little change from the prior quarter. Consistent with our long-term practice, M&T provides supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis from which we have only ever excluded the after-tax effect of amortization of intangible assets as well as any gains or expenses associated with mergers and acquisitions when they occur. M&T's net operating income for the third quarter, which excludes intangible amortization, was $484 million compared with $477 million in the linked quarter and $531 million in last year's third quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $3.50 for the recent quarter compared with $3.37 in 2019's second quarter and $3.56 in the third quarter of 2018. Net operating income yielded annualized rates of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders equity of 1.66% and 18.85% for the recent quarter. The comparable returns were 1.68% and 18.83% in the second quarter of 2019. In accordance with the SEC's guidelines, this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results including tangible assets and equity. Recall that both GAAP and net operating earnings for the second quarter of 2019 were impacted by a $48 million write-down of M&T's investment in an asset manager, which have been accounted for using the equity method of accounting. The write-down amounted to $36 million after-tax effect or $0.27 per common share. In July 2019, M&T agreed to sell its investment in the asset manager which had been obtained in the 2011 acquisition of Wilmington Trust Corporation. The sale was consummated in late September. There were no such noteworthy items in 2018's third quarter. Turning to the balance sheet and the income statement. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $1.04 billion in the third quarter of 2019, down by $12 million or 1% from the linked quarter. This reflects a narrower net interest margin, partially offset by growth in both loans and total earning assets. The margin for the quarter was 3.78%, down 13 basis points from 3.91% in the linked quarter. Contributing to that decline were several offsetting items. On the positive side, a more favorable mix of interest earning asset assets, specifically a higher proportion of loans added about two basis points to the margin. A higher level of cash on deposit at the Fed accounted for an estimated two basis points of the decline in the margin. We estimate that lower short term market rates, primarily LIBOR, accounted for some eight basis points of the decline. This is consistent with our expectations of a four to nine basis point decline in the margin over the ensuing 12 months period following a hypothetical 25 basis point cut in the Fed funds target and by application LIBOR. A higher cost of interest-bearing deposits, primarily mortgage escrow deposits, accounted for approximately five basis points of the decline. We continue to see some inflows of these escrow deposits, a result of higher prepayment of mortgage loans we service or sub-service on behalf of mortgage-backed security investors. Absent the higher level of escrow deposits, the total cost of interest-bearing deposits would have been approximately flat as we manage deposit rates lower. As expected, the migration of deposits into higher-yielding categories, notably commercial deposits into interest checking and on balance sheet suite, has slowed and rates offered on new certificates of deposit have declined. Average loans grew by 1% compared with the previous quarter. Originations remain solid, while payoffs and paydowns remain consistent with levels we have experienced in the first half of 2019. Looking at the loans by category on an average basis compared with the linked quarter. Commercial and industrial loans were roughly flat compared with the linked quarter as the usual seasonal softness in loans to auto dealers to finance inventories was offsetting growth in other categories. Commercial real estate loans grew 1% compared with the second quarter. Residential real estate loans declined by less than 1.5% compared with the linked quarter as was the case last quarter, a continued comparatively steady pace of paydowns of mortgage loans acquired in the Hudson City transaction was partially offset by higher levels of loans originated for sale. Holding originations for sale aside, we expect the portfolio of acquired mortgage loans to continue its low double digit rate of principal amortization in future quarters. Consumer loans were up 4% as growth in recreation finance loans continues to outpace declines in home equity lines and loans. There were no particular standouts, positively or negatively, in our community banking regions from a loan growth perspective. From the line of business view, recreational vehicle financing as well as residential and commercial mortgage banking were particularly strong. Average core customer deposits, which exclude deposits received at M&T's Cayman Island office and CDs over $250,000 grew an estimated 3% compared with the second quarter. This primarily reflects the escrow deposits we referenced earlier. Turning to non-interest income. Non-interest income totaled $528 million in the third quarter, compared with $512 million in the prior quarter. Mortgage banking revenues were $137 million in the recent quarter, compared with $107 million in the linked quarter. Residential mortgage loans originated for sale were $835 million in the quarter, up from $723 million in the second quarter, reflecting a new wave of refinancing activity in the face of the lower longer term interest rate environment as well as seasonal strength. Total mortgage banking revenues including origination and servicing activities were $88 million in the third quarter, improved from $72 million in the prior quarter.
Don MacLeod: Clarify, that's residential mortgage banking revenues.
Darren King: Thank you Don. In addition, the higher gain on sale revenues, the increase reflects reaching the run rate of the residential loan servicing and sub-servicing that we acquired in the first and second quarters. Commercial banking revenues were $49 million in the third quarter, compared with $35 million in the linked quarter, reflecting notably stronger origination activity. The $30 million or 28% increase in total mortgage banking revenues brings with it higher expenses, notably $5 million of compensation costs as well as the $14 million valuation allowance recorded during the quarter on our mortgage servicing rights. Trust income was $144 million in the recent quarter, unchanged from the previous quarter. Recall that the second quarter results include $4 million of seasonal fees earned assisting clients with their tax filings, which did not recur in the third quarter. Trust income continues to go in the upper single digit range over the prior year. Service charges on deposit accounts were $111 million, up from $108 million in the second quarter. The recent quarter included $4 million of securities gains, representing valuation gains on equity securities while the second quarter of 2019 included $9 million of similar valuation gains. Turning to expenses. Operating expenses for the third quarter, which exclude the amortization of intangible assets, were $873 million compared with $868 million in the prior quarter. As previously noted, the prior quarter's results include a $48 million write-down of our investment in an asset manager acquired in the Wilmington Trust merger. The two most recent quarter's results reflect an addition to a valuation allowance on our mortgage servicing rights as a result of lower long term interest rates. Those additions amounted to $14 million and $9 million in the third and second quarters, respectively. As noted earlier, those same lower rates have prompted a notable uptick in residential mortgage loan originations and associated gain on sale revenues. Salaries and benefits were $477 million, up $21 million from $456 million in the prior quarter. Contributing to the increase was one extra compensation date in the third quarter amounting to $5 million as well as $5 million of compensation costs arising from the uptick in residential and commercial mortgage loan originations that I just referenced. In addition, the third quarter results include another $10 million of costs that we would not expect to recur in the fourth quarter. The efficiency ratio, which excludes intangible amortization from the numerator and securities gains or losses from the denominator, was 55.9% in the recent quarter, relatively unchanged from 2019's second quarter. The ratios for both quarters include the additions to the MSR valuation allowance while the second quarter figure includes the write-down of the investment in the asset manager. Next, let's turn to credit. Overall, credit quality remains consistent with our recent experience given the continued strength of the economy. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were 16 basis points for the third quarter, little changed from the 15 basis points in the first half of 2019. Non-accrual loans increased by $140 million at September 30 compared with the end of June, reflecting one large commercial loan to a wholesale distributor that was previously included in criticized loans. The ratio of non-accrual loans to total loans rose to 1.12% at the end of the quarter. Notwithstanding the increase in non-accrual loans, total criticized loans decreased further from the levels seen at the end of June. The provision for credit losses was $45 million in the recent quarter exceeding net charge-offs by $9 million. The excess provision primarily relates to the non-accrual loan to the wholesale distributor, net of the decline in other criticized loans. The allowance for credit losses increased to $1.04 billion at the end of September, compared with $1.03 billion at the end of the previous quarter. The ratio of the allowance to total loans increased by one basis point to 1.16%. Loans 90 days past due on which we continue to accrue interest, excluding acquired loans that had been marked to a fair value discounted acquisition, were $461 million at the end of the recent quarter. Of those loans, $434 million or 94% were guaranteed by government related entities. Turning to capital. M&T's Common Equity Tier 1 ratio was an estimated 9.81% at September 30 compared with 9.84% at the end of the second quarter. The modest three basis point decline reflects the net impact of higher loans, earnings retention and capital distributions. During the quarter, M&T repurchased 1.9 million shares of common stock at an aggregate cost of $300 million. Now turning to the outlook. As we enter the final quarter of 2019, our guidance for the year remains little changed from our prior comments. We continue to expect growth in total loans in 2019 to be at the low single digit pace with continued runoff in residential mortgages more than offset by aggregate growth in the other loan categories. The reductions in short term rates implied by the forward curve will continue to pressure both net interest income and the net interest margin. However, we still expect modest year-over-year growth in net interest income for 2019. All else being equal and holding aside volatility in escrow deposit balances and associated cash balances placed at the Fed, each hypothetical reduction of 25 basis points in the Fed funds target should result in four to nine basis points of margin pressure over the ensuing 12 months. The servicing and sub-servicing acquisitions we completed combined with the strong third quarter origination activity in both our residential and commercial mortgage banking operations has resulted in mortgage banking revenues growing better than expected while trust income has been in line with our expectations growing at a little better than a mid single digit pace. We would not expect mortgage banking results for the fourth quarter, either residential or commercial, to match those seen in the third quarter. The remaining fee businesses continued to perform in line with our expectations growing in the low single digit range. Expenses for the year have grown a little more rapidly than we previously indicated driven by two primary factors, growth in the mortgage business and investments in the bank, notably IT staff. Higher expenses associated with the servicing and sub-servicing acquisitions as well as from a compensation expense associated with strong mortgage originations activity drove expenses above our initial expectations. We also continue to expect to see some offsets to the year-to-date additions to IT staff through lower contractor and consulting expenses starting in the fourth quarter. We expect fourth quarter expenses to be lower than the recent quarter. Our outlook for credit remains little changed. While sentiment about a potential recession is building, we are not seeing or hearing signs of a slowdown. Our customers' largest concern is their ability to find enough workers with the right skills to add to capacity. As noted, criticized loans will be down this quarter from the end of June. That said, the specific reserve taken on the wholesale distributor we mentioned could result in a notable charge-off in the coming quarters. Regarding the new loan loss accounting standard, known as CECL, we have completed our second parallel run and expect to disclose preliminary results in the third quarter 10-Q. To preview those results and based on the current economic forecasts, we would expect the allowance for losses on loans and leases to increase by approximately 5% to 15% upon adoption of the accounting standard. That in turn should result in an impact to our capital ratios of less than 10 basis points. Regarding capital, we expect to continue to execute the capital plan that we have previously outlined. Of course, as you are aware, our projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events and other macroeconomic factors which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. Now let's open up the call to questions, before which Samantha will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of John Pancari from Evercore.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Darren King: Good morning John.
John Pancari: On the expense outlook, I just wanted to get an idea. I know you had indicated that the fourth quarter expenses should be down from the third quarter level. Just trying to understand, how we should think about the magnitude of that decline? I know your previous expectation had been that the second half expenses would be similar to the first half. So that would imply, if that still holds, that would imply a pretty sharp drop off in the fourth quarter. So I just wanted to get an idea what type of decline we can expect? Thanks.
Darren King: Sure. So as we look at the fourth quarter and think about some of the things that happened in the third quarter, I will start with that. The mortgage business, obviously, had a great quarter and there was about $20 million of expenses associated with that which we didn't account for, to be honest, because we weren't sure where rates were going to be when we gave the guide. And so that $20 million, I would just kind of add it to the guide, but let's not forget that there was $30 million of revenue that came along with that. And then there was about $10 million of expenses that we recognized in the third quarter that I don't foresee recurring in the fourth. And so you at that point, we were a little bit above what the guide was but we wouldn't expect things to be necessarily equal in terms of each quarter in the second half being exactly the same. So we think that there is some room for the expenses to come down and get down to the level that would have been implied on an average basis in the guide that we gave before.
John Pancari: Okay. And then on that same topic, you mentioned that obviously the higher mortgage related costs were a factor but also the higher cost than you had expected in your technology investments. Can you give us a little more color there? What surprised you there? And how much should we think about that when we look at 2020? And if it could be a factor again as you forecast expenses going out? Thanks.
Darren King: Sure. I guess in the IT space, there is a few things, some which I would describe as timing-related in the quarter. When you see in the other software are other or processing and software line were some annual licensing expenses that came in the quarter. We wouldn't expect those to repeat. When you look in the other cost, that's where a lot of the professional services expenses. And in there, we talked about before, the pace at which the contractors roll-off as the new staff comes on. And there were some projects that extended maybe 30 days or 45 days, a little bit longer than we thought to bring them to completion. We have seen those roll-off as we get to the end of the quarter. And that's why we feel confident that we will actually start to see that the impact of the add to staff and the reduction in contractors as we go into the fourth quarter and start to recognize that into 2020.
John Pancari: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe from Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe: Great. Thanks. Good morning.
Darren King: Good morning Ken.
Ken Zerbe: Actually, I just had a quick question in terms of the mortgage banking business. Obviously with the servicing that you have taken on, obviously this quarter was a really good result. But if we think about the ongoing run rate from this, I know you said fourth quarter is probably not going to as high as 3Q. But what is kind of the right level, if you can pick a number. I am just trying to get a sense, are we at some meaningfully sustainably higher level, given the servicing assets? Thank.
Darren King: Sure. So we are definitely at a higher level than where we would have been if you compared to the third quarter of last year. So the third quarter of this year would reflect pretty much a full quarter's run rate of both the servicing rights that we acquired as well as the sub-servicing. And that should be fairly stable. Of course, servicing is a declining asset and so the fees come down a little bit each quarter based on the unpaid balances. And then really the volatility that we wouldn't expect to repeat, but it also a bit of a function of rates, is just the origination activity. And right now I am talking specifically on the residential side. Now, one of the things that does tend to happen when you buy servicing rights is, as you take the impairment or set up the allowance for prepayments, when those things prepay, oftentimes it shows up down the road in gain on sale. And that was part of the uptick in this last quarter. In the commercial space, we had just a fantastic third quarter. I think it was the highest origination quarter in our history in commercial mortgage, driven off the originations. I think we saw a lot of activity in the marketplace where rates have come down and where there was some concern about the amount of business that Fannie and Freddie might do. Towards the end of the quarter, they reaffirmed their appetite for the coming five quarters. It will probably take a little bit for the pipeline to rebuild but it should be a solid quarter, but what I would consider a more normal rate of gain on sale in the commercial mortgage space versus what we saw in the third quarter. And those are really what was part of our comments about some of the things that were a little bit outsized in the mortgage business in the third quarter of this year was really about originations as opposed to servicing. And servicing should be pretty consistent as we go from here.
Ken Zerbe: Okay. Great. And could you just remind us like what is the dollar amount roughly that the acquired servicing and sub-servicing rights contributed to this quarter's earnings?
Darren King: When we talked about it in March, we talked about an additional $60 million of servicing revenue for the year with it building and peaking in this quarter. So we are probably in the range of $17 million to $20 million, somewhere in there, maybe closer $17 million than to $20 million. In terms of what the run rate is on that acquired servicing, I guess I will just reiterate that you earn a fee based on the unpaid principal balance and each month those decline as people make their payments. So as those decline that fee income will move down at a similar place.
Ken Zerbe: All right. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor from Deutsche Bank.
Matt O'Connor: Hi guys. I just wanted to follow up on expense a little bit. It's been a pretty busy day just as I kind of try to add in the comments that you made about expenses in the fourth quarter, backing out the $30 million and kind of coming to the maybe average of what you were thinking before. What does that imply for 4Q dollar expenses, if you do that math?
Darren King: I guess if you do the math and you look at what we would have implied in the guide, it would have been right around $830 million, $835 million a quarter and you are probably in that range for the fourth quarter.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. And then a follow-up. It was asked earlier, but as you think about the underlying expense growth at the company, obviously mortgage was unusually high and you talked to some lumpiness in the investment. But as you think about kind of whether it's full year 2020 or a medium term underlying expense growth, where is that? And where I am getting to kind of the next question is, I think there is some concern that banks your size may not have some of the scale that you need and that's why we are seeing some expense pressure versus the big guys not so much. And obviously with the rate headwinds out there pressuring revenues on that side, it's just more magnified potentially. So if you could just address those two topics. Thank you.
Darren King: Yes. I guess I will try to remember them all. You said a lot there, Matt. I guess, overall, when you look at the expenses at the bank, this year was a year of expense growth that was very atypical for M&T. Obviously a bunch of it was related to the mortgage business and the servicing that we acquired. That was $40 million. We have so far added about $22 million to the valuation allowance, which we might not have anticipated when we first agreed to acquire those loans back almost a year ago. And so those have driven the expenses up. And then the other thing that's been happening, obviously, is the investments we are making to change the way we deliver IT at the bank. And I think IT is probably one of the big things that is talked about in terms of scale. And what we are doing is, I think we are positioning ourselves to actually better compete with our competitors, both regional and large national players, by the investments that we are making. And so by shifting more of the resources, more of the IT team on staff, we think we can increase capacity in terms of what we are able to deliver for the same expense base. And that's part of why we are making that move and also the move to more agile approaches, which should bring new capabilities to market a little more quickly than what we may have done in the past. And so part of the shift is to make sure that we are competitive and in the time that you are building that capability, you have got other projects going on. And we have talked a little bit before about the kind of double expense that you incur while you are making that transition. It will happen a little bit each quarter as we go through that. But we will start to see some of the payoff of that in the coming quarters and we think we will start to see it in the fourth quarter with the professional services cost going down. And so when you think about where expenses are and have been for M&T over time, we will give you our thoughts on 2020 when we get to January. But really, when you look at M&T through time, we have been a low nominal expense growth player, generally kind of 2% a year or less. And we certainly think that we are in an industry where that's warranted and we think about that all the time. And given the growth this year and investments that we have made, we will look to see if we can't be in or below that range, as we go into 2020. But like I said, we will give you more details on that in the January call. But I don't think we need to run at this kind of expense rate on an ongoing basis. And we absolutely have some ways to improve productivity based on the investments that we have made, which will help us stay competitive. And obviously we will react to the changing rate environment which we have done successfully in the past.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Frank Schiraldi with Sandler O'Neill.
Frank Schiraldi: Good morning. Just wondering if you could, Darren, if you can give a little more color on the credit that moved into non-accrual in the quarter in terms of industry, geography, collateral? Any color you could give would be interesting. Thanks.
Darren King: Yes. Sure. Obviously, we are not going to talk about specific customers per se, but when we look at this one customer, they are a wholesaler and so some of the financing is tied to inventory and receivables. And they have had some challenges internally with their management. And that's put them in a bit of a cash bind. And that's why we have kind of moved it from criticized into non-accrual. And the question will be, the ultimate value of the receivables and collectability of those as well as the inventory. We obviously don't think it's zero. But we do expect that there will be likely some loss on that as we work our way through. Obviously given the magnitude of this relationship and the industry it was in, we went through all of our relationships over $100 million, which fortunately, I can count them on both hands and looked through them and they are not in similar industries and are in fact quite healthy. And we have looked through for other wholesaler and distributor type relationships and we didn't find any others that had this similar situation. So when I look through the loans that went into criticized through the first and second quarter, this was one of them. When we talked about it at the time, we looked for any common themes in those criticized loans, either in terms of industry, geography or the like. And we couldn't find anything, other than they tended to be situational specific and oftentimes related to management. And I would describe this in that same ilk.
Frank Schiraldi: Okay. And then as a follow-up, you clearly mentioned you are not seeing broader weakness in credit. Just wondering if there is any areas that you are seeing as becoming more frothy areas you guys are shying away from in your various geographies?
Darren King: Nothing in particular. Obviously, we have paid a lot of attention all the way along to some of the office space. A lot of things going on recently in the industry. But we don't have much there. When we look around, there is nothing in particular that I would point to that is what I would describe as very frothy. There continues to be lots of competition for lending. Pricing seems to be fairly reasonable. When I look at our spreads, they have been fairly consistent for the last three quarters. They did drop after tax reform. You kind of saw a resetting of the industry. After you saw a resetting of margin after tax reform, but that's stabilized since then. And overall, things seem really good. Structures haven't really changed much from what we have been dealing with over the last few quarters. And as we look, obviously, New York City is a place we pay a lot of attention to and we don't see anything there that causes us concern. So nothing is really standing out right now, which always makes you wonder, what's going to pop. So we are continuously looking through the portfolio to see where there might be signs of weakness. But at this point, there is no one geography, industry or loan type, be it C&I, permanent, mortgages, construction where we have any concerns.
Frank Schiraldi: Yes. All right. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin from Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Thanks. Good morning. Hi Darren. Can we talk a little bit more about the net interest income? I heard your comments about the year-over-year growth expected still for 2019. But to the points about the cuts that have already happened and your guidance about what a cut does, the four to nine, on a full year basis, can you help us understand the pushes and pulls with just the remaining burden from the cuts and then the excess liquidity in terms of how you expect the NIM to traject from here in terms of magnitude of compression as you look to the fourth?
Darren King: Right. Now it's bit of a moving target these days, isn't it, Ken, with the pace of LIBOR and where the Fed might go. And that's really why we try to help give you guys the guide by talking about the four to nine basis points. That way you guys can figure out what you think the rate curve might look like. But I guess a couple of things that I think are important when we talk about the margin and the net interest income. When you look over the last two quarters at the margin compression, the print doesn't seem great obviously. But when you look at net interest income, it was down $9 million last quarter and down $12 million this quarter. And when you look at some of the things going on underneath, that might take you beyond four to nine, you look at the increases in cash balances and the cash balances carry a positive spread, albeit small. So they don't harm net interest income, but they certainly harm the margin. And you would see the same thing with the escrow balances that have grown last quarter and this quarter as well, that they are basically slightly positive, in some cases, slightly negative carry. And so they don't have much of an impact on net interest income, but they do on the margin. And so as we look forward, the four to nine per 25 seems fairly reasonable to us. The actual margin will move around a little bit, depending on what happens with escrow balances, which can be as much a function of the rate environment and prepayments as well as other cash balances at the Fed. So there is a bunch of pieces that are moving there, but at its core, it's four to nine. The one thing that I think is encouraging is, we have started to see deposit costs bend over. If not for the escrow balance growth this quarter, we would have seen the increase in interest bearing deposit costs be basically zero. And we would start to see some traction on repricing activities as we go into the coming quarters which will help moderate the impact of any further decreases in LIBOR. But it still keeps you within that four to nine range as we go forward.
Ken Usdin: Yes. So just that I guess then my follow-up would just be then to your point about the modest downward trajectory of NII dollars. Is that the trajectory that you would still expect given and I hear you on all the moving parts of it, but, we still just have to expect that modest slide in NII as you go forward from here? Or is there something that can change with regards to that trajectory?
Darren King: The trajectory, it might move around a little bit in any given quarter depending on the pace of deposit repricing. But those are over a 12 month averages, is kind of the four to nine. And then obviously the biggest driver is just LIBOR and how fast LIBOR moves down and how many rate cuts we get. Most of the two we had this quarter are in there and there's probably a little bit of residual from the last cut, just because of when it happened in the quarter. So we will see some of that in the fourth quarter. And then we will see what happens with LIBOR and the Fed over the coming meetings.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Last quick one. Just you had mentioned, how much higher are the escrow deposits priced versus I guess the average interest bearing deposits at 85, to your point that, the 85 would have been closer to flat without the escrow. So can you just give us some understanding of the difference between where the escrow deposits are coming on versus where your kind of average is underneath?
Darren King: Yes. Sure. So round numbers, when you look at the escrow balances, they are priced off an index either off of Fed funds or off of LIBOR. So they are kind of around 180 these days. And when you look through the rest of the portfolio, it's primarily commercial interest checking that is driving the interest expense on that line. And within there, there is a range of rates. Those are individually negotiated with each customer based on the relationship and the magnitude of it. And my recollection is that the average there is around 70, 75 basis points. So probably double in terms of what the escrow balances are earning versus what the other ones are. The nice thing about the escrow balances is, is because they are linked to the index, as the index moves so too does the cost of those.
Ken Usdin: Understood. Thank you Darren.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Alexopoulos from JPMorgan. Steven, your line is open. Steven, you might have yourself on mute. Okay. Your next question comes from the line of Marty Mosby with Vining Sparks.
Marty Mosby: Well, thank you. I wanted to touch base with you just to summarize these moving pieces, because when you think about your expenses, you really have one, the mortgage valuation, if I am getting you right and other expenses. Typically, that kind of gets netted out in revenues so you wouldn't see that grossed up expense. So that's driving your expenses higher this particular year. You have got this transition going from external technology support to internal technology support so right in the middle of that doubling up of expenses. You are seeing the benefit of those two things rolling off, as you kind of guided towards a $40 million to $50 million reduction in expenses as you go from the third to fourth quarter. As you go into next year, if you kind of take that dynamic forward, it seems like your expenses could actually drop as you go into 2020, once you get the benefits of not having the external tech spend and you don't have, let's say, the long-term rates are flat. So you don't have this valuation situation.
Darren King: So I guess if you look forward, Marty, I think the way you are thinking about it, is exactly the way we are seeing it and thinking about it. And really, the only thing that would be a timing difference on when we might see the expenses actually drop versus the growth rate drop very dramatically. The latter, we are definitely expecting, to see actual decrease. We still got the transitions going on with that tech team. That's going to continue through 2021. And so we are looking to bring on a large number of folks and they have come on in chunks of probably 100 to 150. And that kind of happens consistently over maybe a quarter to every four months. And when you are in that time period, you are bearing the double costs. And so we have started down that path. We did our first wave this year. It probably took us a little bit longer to get up to speed and a little bit longer to get some of the contractors out than we might have anticipated going on or going into it. But we are getting smarter on how we do that and better able to match the timing. So we shouldn't carry quite as long as we did this year. But we will continue to see that the cost of that transition happen through 2020 and really start to see the benefit in 2021. On the mortgage side, like you pointed out, that stuff should wash itself out and as we go through 2020 compared to 2019 in the mortgage portfolio, holding the valuation reserves to the side, that should start to normalize itself and the expenses will obviously move in relation to how the unpaid balances are performing. And then when we watch some of the other costs and some of the other professional services, there were some other activities that we had going on this year that we wouldn't expect to repeat. And so those should help expenses. The offset there is just compensation costs for folks that have been added to the team. And when you just give people raises, that raises your run rate and you have got to offset that. So there's a couple of things going on back and forth. But when you think high level over the next couple of years, the way you are thinking about it, Marty, is exactly the way we are thinking about it.
Marty Mosby: And then on the credit side, because really the variances in this particular quarter, in my mind, are expenses and then up in the credit side. The $9 million you have put into the allowance and you have put some into it last quarter as well, is that covered what you expect to see in the charge-off from this large relationship that might get charged off in the next couple of quarters? So have you kind of free funded that? And so when we see the event, you will actually just be drawing down reserves to pay off the expected loss?
Darren King: So what happened there, Marty, was that loan was obviously criticized before and we started to reserve for it at that point. There were some other criticized loans that either paid off or became performing. And so what we had put aside for them will help cover the increase in the one that went non-accrual and then we added to it. And so based on what we know today, it's in the provision and we feel good about it. But this one is a little bit more of a fluid relationship just because of the nature of the collateral. And so depending on how things move with that organization, the collateral values could move around a little bit on us. And that's why we moved it to non-accrual and why we set up or added to the provision or added to the reserve and let you guys know that we will probably have something in the future. But the exact magnitude and timing is still a little bit unclear. But outside of that, as you point out, criticized coming back down in the rest of the portfolios and we look at the delinquencies and what has been happening with the charge-offs, knock on wood, everything has been fairly stable and predictable and all else equal, one would expect that as rates come down, that would help debt service coverage ratios and customers' ability to pay, which wouldn't lead you to believe that the charge-offs might tick-up. The counter argument obviously is, if GDP slows and growth slows that, well, the interest costs might come down, you got to keep an eye on revenues and the ability to service the debt from that side of the equation.
Marty Mosby: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Spahr with Wells Fargo.
Chris Spahr: Thank you. I have a balance sheet question and a tech follow-up question. So for the balance sheet, the long term debt has been trending down for the past three to four years. Is that going to stabilize? Or do you think that can continue to run off as your liquidity gets kind of smoothed out unless you have another deal?
Darren King: Okay. So if you look at the long term debt, it's been coming down. But there has been a bit of an uptick in short term and then obviously, an uptick in some of the deposit balances in the last little while, particularly driven by escrow. And so the mix of long term and short term, we will now start to reevaluate, given that LCR, the ruling has been finalized. So we were kind of using more short term borrowing to manage the liquidity coverage ratio and our investments in HQLA, while we are waiting for the rule to be finalized. And so now that there is a little bit more certainty there, we will look at how much securities balances we want on the balance sheet and look at the funding mix of those. But we have also got some long term debt that is going to rollover next year. And obviously, we will look to replace that but subject to where we see the balance sheet going. We think we have got some opportunity there to manage the securities portfolio now that the rules have been finalized and given how we feel about the strength of the organization.
Chris Spahr: And regarding tech, so I believe when I talked to you in the past, it's around 10% or so of your revenues are spent on technology. It's around maybe a little bit less than $700 million, with about 60-40, run the bank, change the bank. And as you bring more staff in-house, do you see either one of those changing?
Darren King: I guess we haven't, I don't think, disclosed or talked about what the tech budget is in specifics. I think that the 10% to 12% that you might be referencing as we talked about the compound annual growth rate of that part of the budget. And then the mix between kind of run the bank versus improve the bank, build the bank, whatever you want to describe, 60-40 is probably a reasonable estimate. It can move around from year-to-year, depending on what's going on. We are making investments in new regulations like FDIC 370 or CECL. I don't know whether we would call that build the bank or run the bank. We are probably splitting hairs there. But at the end of the day, the total tech budget in the short term is running a little bit higher, because of the transition that we are making. Our belief is that we will, all else equal, be flat with more on staff and less contractors as we go forward and then the growth rate from there wouldn't need to be at the 10% to 12% rate but would probably continue to run at a rate slightly above the bank average and that the investments we are making in technology would be offset by cost reduction somewhere else, as we gain productivity improvements from the tech spend.
Chris Spahr: And the new staff that you are bringing on, are they focused on, besides the FDIC and CECL, digital delivery, AIML, back office, cloud, transitioning apps to the cloud? Where are you putting the new hires to work?
Darren King: Well. We have got a whole host of things that we are working on. A bunch of them you named. Obviously some of the regulatory changes have been a big consumer of our tech team this year, as we get ready for FDIC 370 and CECL. But at the same time, we have been making consistent investments in a lot of the systems that are used, either by our customers or by our employees who interact with our customers. We have been doing that in the commercial loan origination space. We have been doing it in the treasury management and merchant space, in the commercial part of the bank. We have been doing it in some of the M&A support that we do, in our institutional client services business. We have been doing it in customer facing things, both in our wealth management business as well as in the consumer business. We continue to make investments in cyber security, in data. And so it runs a whole host. We are starting to migrate some applications to the cloud. Some of the newer ones often run on the cloud and we are doing some of that. So we have got a host of whole range of places where we are investing. But it always kind of starts with the customer, works backward and looks at where we and competition and where we need to make sure we are positioning the bank and then also looking for ways that we can obviously improve productivity or efficiency.
Chris Spahr: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Foran with Autonomous.
Brian Foran: I think it's a little, it's easy to get lost, because it hits so many line items and everything like has a lag and timing issues. And I guess if you step back, like, was this a good acquisition like accretion or return on invested capital, however you want to measure it? If you just set aside the quarter-to-quarter stuff and where rates are in these escrow deposits like, do these all work?
Darren King: Ask that again, Brian. The first part of it, we missed.
Brian Foran: Just the mortgage servicing. Like it's hard to really parse apart everything. Like if you just think about it on a net basis, has the acquisition and the resulting business it built, did it work? Is it accretive? Is it going to be good for 2020? Or is there some underlying slippage? It's just hard to, there are so many moving parts and hit so many line items?
Darren King: Sure. I think the short answer is, we are still happy with the acquisition of the mortgage servicing rights. It's probably not quite the return that we thought when we first did it and that's affected by the timing of some of the charges that we are taking. But overall, we feel it's accretive and above our long term cost of capital, which is how we kind of evaluate everything. So we had some wiggle room built in, which you always do given the volatility of this business. And when we look at it, to your point, stepping back, we still feel good about it and are happy we did it.
Brian Foran: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Hi Darren.
Darren King: Good morning Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: A quick question. There seems obviously to be concerns about your IT spending and maybe not keeping up with some of the bigger banks. What measure would you recommend investors look at to show that you are as competitive as the big banks? Obviously the big banks can be splashy with the dollar signs that they are spending and yours will be a lot less because you are a smaller bank. But is deposits the preferred area to look as your deposit growth year-over-year was better than many of the big banks. But could you share with us what we should be looking at?
Darren King: Sure. It's a great question. Gerard. I guess I think the best place to look at is customer-based measures. So I would look at customer growth rates, customer attrition rates, satisfaction rates. So it could be JD Power, it could be Greenwich in the commercial and small business world. It could be some of the early research in the wealth space. But I mean, at the end of the day, the number one thing you are investing in technology for is to help provide a great experience for your customers and make sure that you are on par with everyone else on things that are just kind of what we would call hygienics are expected and look for places where you can differentiate what you are doing. And one of the things to keep in mind when you compare the regional banks to the large ones is, the large banks have broader based businesses than we do. We don't have trading operations, for instance, which would consume a lot of dollars. And I can't speak for everyone else, but what I can speak for M&T is, through all the acquisitions that we have done, we have never maintained duplicate systems. And so we are not carrying that expense and we don't need to incur the cost of running them or consolidating them. And so a lot is made of how much you spend. I think most important is, are you giving your customers the tools and capabilities and services that they are looking for and they let you know all the time. You can kind of look at deposits as you pointed out, Gerard. The only thing you just got to watch it for, in my opinion, on deposits is, you can move the deposit balance number with rates a lot faster than you can with technology. And the one that's really hard to fake is transaction accounts or operating accounts whether they are consumers, small business, or commercial entities. And when we think about our tech investments, we are always thinking about those parts of the customer experience and how we can make it better.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Saul Martinez from UBS.
Saul Martinez: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. So I guess I want to parse through a lot of the moving parts around the NIM guidance, Darren and try to put a dollar sign around it. And I know there's a lot of uncertainty about rates and whatnot, but the four to nine basis points of NIMs pressure for every 25 basis point reduction at the short end, it looks like the fourth quarter one month LIBOR, the average should be, I don't know, I will probably have to sharpen my pencil here, but maybe 40, 50 basis points lower than what it was on average in the third quarter, especially if we see an October cut. I mean four to nine basis points, I mean it seems like, is it fair to say that it's going to be hard not to see some degradation in reduction in net interest income in the fourth quarter on a nominal dollar basis versus what you posted in the third quarter?
Darren King: Yes. I think that's right. So the actual margin, you have got the math right in looking at where Fed funds and LIBOR might be over the quarter. The print of the NIM might move around a little bit from that depending on where cash balances end up and how much more escrow comes on. But you are in the right ballpark. And then when you look at the dollar impact, it's going to come down. When you look at the guidance that we have given, I think you should be able to figure out where we think it's roughly going to be in the fourth quarter. And the other wildcard is deposit repricing. But like we mentioned, we feel good about the progress that we made this quarter in spending over deposit pricing and we should start to see that come down this quarter. And then the other thing that's a little bit tricky to gauge is just the pace of loan growth in the quarter, in particular, because the fourth quarter always seems to have some uptick. And then the question there is, when does it occur, right? You should start to see it a little earlier in the quarter in the auto floor plan balances. But oftentimes, we see a big December and you kind of wonder what drives seasonality. It's year-end and people looking to close deals for the tax year. And we always seem to see a spike in some of the loans that booked in December and obviously that will, depending on the timing impact, the dollars of net interest income.
Saul Martinez: Got it. I guess if I could just get one more in, a little bit more of a broader question. The downside of having sort of best-in-class profitability efficiency, deposit franchise is that it does leave you more vulnerable when the environment starts to turn a little bit worse. I guess the question is, just how do you think about sustaining profitability and creating value in that environment? How do you think about opportunities where you can grow? And I guess the gist of the question though is, can you do that on a standalone basis? Can you really? Or do you need to do something more strategic to really be able to sustain sort of the best-in-class type of profitability and operating metrics you have?
Darren King: I appreciate the question, because it's a really good one. And the strength of the franchise, as you point out, is both a blessing and a curse. And when you look at how we run the bank and how we think about the bank, we have always started with returns. And so to talk about the returns, I was pleased to hear you say that because that's our focus. And that thought process is what has kept us out of trouble and what has helped us make a lot of the investment decisions that we have done through time. And sometimes it was acquiring servicing or sub-servicing business, because the returns made sense based on what was going on in the industry. It's helped us decide when to make loans and how to structure them, because if the returns don't make sense to us, we have tended to step away. And it's helped us price acquisitions and make sure that we are being thoughtful with capital and how we deploy it to grow with mergers and acquisitions. And so when you look overall, one of the key things for us is making sure that we maintain those returns. And if that means we need to be patient in time and have a little bit less growth, we are okay with that because we would rather make sure we protect the profitability and the ability to generate capital so that we can make some of the investments that we are making. And if you look at really the last 12 months to 18 months, we had some outsized increases in the net interest margin because of the positioning of the balance sheet and the run-off of the Hudson City portfolio, which allowed us to grow the loans, deploy capital and increase the margin and we took advantage of that and we upped the investment that we are able to make in the franchise. The reverse is true in that as we see rates come down and our net interest margin relative to the peers kind of resumes its more normal position of slightly above the median, we should be able to bring and anticipate bringing the expenses down commensurate with that. So you look across the different alternatives that you have of making loans, investing in other businesses, buying other banks or deploying excess capital to shareholders and think about the returns. Obviously, the first place we want to invest is in the business and in our customers and this year we have been able to do that a little bit more with the loan growth that you have seen and we think we can continue to do that. But we don't feel pressure to have to get to a certain size or to buy some growth, either in the form of poor pricing or in poorly or ill-conceived acquisitions. We will continue to focus on returns and being patient and making sure that we are running a good bank. And that will leave us, we believe, with opportunities when they present themselves.
Saul Martinez: Got it. Thanks so much. Really appreciate it.
Operator: There are no further questions. I would now like to hand the conference back over to Don MacLeod for any additional or closing remarks.
Don MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today and as always, if any clarification of any of the items in the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations Department at 716-842-5138.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-18 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Samantha, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the M&T Bank Q2 2019 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Don MacLeod, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Don MacLeod: Thank you, Samantha, and good morning everyone. I'd like to thank you all for participating in M&T's second quarter 2019 earnings conference call both by telephone, and through the webcast. If you have not read today's earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website, www.mtb.com, and by clicking on the Investor Relations link and then on the Events and Presentations link. Also before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on Forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now I'd like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, Darren King.
Darren King: Thanks Don, and good morning everyone. As noted in this morning's press release, M&T's results for the second quarter include the continuation of several favorable trends. Loan growth continues to be in line with our expectations for low single-digit aggregate growth in 2019. We saw healthy growth in fees particularly mortgage banking and trust income compared with both prior quarter and the year-ago quarter. Credit quality remains solid with net charge-offs just over half of our long-term average notwithstanding an increase from the unusually low level we saw in the first quarter. We continue to return excess capital beyond what is needed to support growth of the balance sheet, including $402 million of common share repurchases and paying $135 million of common stock dividends. During the quarter, we successfully completed the onboarding of $13 billion of owned mortgage servicing as well as $17 billion of sub-servicing. These portfolios added to mortgage fee revenue, non-interest expenses, servicing related purchases of mortgage loans and non-maturity interest-bearing deposits. At the same time, the interest rate environment has become more volatile than at any point in recent memory, impacting our outlook for net interest margin and spread revenues, which we will discuss in more detail in a few moments. Now let's take a look at the specific numbers. Diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $3.34 for the second quarter of 2019, compared to $3.35 in the first quarter of 2019, and $3.26 in the second quarter of 2018. Net income for the quarter was $473 million compared with $483 million in the linked quarter and $493 million in the year ago quarter. On a GAAP basis, M&T's second quarter results produced an annualized rate of return on average assets of 1.60% in an annualized return on average common equity of 12.68%. This compares with rates of 1.68% and 13.14% respectively in the previous quarter. Including GAAP results in the recent quarter were the after-tax expenses from the amortization of intangible assets amounting to $4 million or $0.03 per common share, little change from the prior quarter. Consistent with our long-term practice, M&T provides supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis from which we have only ever excluded the after-tax effect of amortization of intangible assets, as well as any gains or expenses associated with mergers and acquisitions, when they occur. M&T's net operating income for the second quarter, which includes intangible amortization was $477 million compared with $486 million in the linked quarter and $498 million in last year's second quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $3.37 for the recent quarter compared with $3.38 in 2019’s first quarter and $3.29 in the second quarter of 2018. Net operating income yielded annualized rates of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders' equity of 1.68% and 18.83% in the recent quarter. The comparable returns were 1.76% and 19.56% in the first quarter of 2019. In accordance with the SEC's guidelines, this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results, including tangible assets and equity. Both GAAP and net operating earnings for the first and second quarters of 2019 were impacted by certain noteworthy items. Our results for the first quarter of 2019 included a $37 million cash distribution from Bayview Lending Group reflected in other revenues from operations. This amounted to $28 million after-tax effect or $0.20 per diluted common share. Also affecting results for the first quarter was an addition to our legal reserves of $50 million relating to a subsidiaries role as trustee for customers employee stock ownership plans. This amounted to $37 million after-tax effect or $0.27 per diluted common share. Reflected in the second quarter of 2019s results was a $48 million write-down of M&T's investment in an asset manager, which is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. That amounted to $36 million after-tax effect or $0.27 per common share. In July 2019, M&T agreed to sell its investment in the asset manager, which had been obtained in the 2011 acquisition of the Wilmington Trust Corporation. Turning to the balance sheet and the income statement. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $1.05 billion in the second quarter of 2019 down by $9 million or 1% from the linked quarter. This reflects a narrow net interest margin, partially offset by growth in both loans and total earning assets. The margin for the quarter was 3.91%, down 13 basis points from 4.04% in the linked quarter. Factors contributing to that decline include the higher level of cash on deposit at the Fed, which accounted for an estimated three basis points of the decline in margin, a higher day count in the quarter compared to the first quarter, which accounted for 1 basis point of that decline. We estimate that market rates primarily from LIBOR moving lower in advance of an anticipated cut in short-term rates by the Federal Reserve accounted for some two basis points of the decline, which this - has been consistent with our recent experience where LIBOR moves in advance of Fed funds, only now it is in the opposite direction. The higher cost of interest bearing deposits accounted for approximately 7 basis points of the decline, sharply higher mortgage escrow deposits in conjunction with our growth in mortgage servicing much of which are indexed to a mix of Fed funds and LIBOR are the primary driver of that increase. The expected continued migration of deposits into higher yielding categories, notably, commercial deposits into interest checking and on balance sheet [sweep] [ph], as well as a higher cost of time deposits as new certificates that are issued at higher rates than maturing loans were also factors. Average loans grew by 1% compared with the previous quarter. Originations remain solid, while payoffs and paydowns picked up a little compared to the first quarter but remain below our experience in the second half of 2018. Looking at the loans by category, on an average basis compared with the linked quarter, commercial and industrial loans increased 1% compared with the linked quarter. Commercial real estate loans also grew 1% compared with the first quarter with a slightly lower proportion of construction loans compared with permanent financing. Residential real estate loans declined by about 1% compared to the linked quarter. The continued comparatively steady pace of planned pay downs of mortgage loans acquired in the Hudson City transaction was partially offset by the purchase of government guaranteed mortgage loans out of the recently acquired servicing pools. While that practice will continue, it was somewhat elevated this quarter in connection with the onboarding of the mortgage servicing, we acquired. We expect the aggregate portfolio to resume its low double-digit rate of principal amortization in future quarters. Consumer loans were up about 2%. Growth in recreation finance loans continue to outpace declines in home equity lines and loans. Regionally, loan growth was somewhat stronger in our metro region, which includes New York and Philadelphia, as well as in the Mid-Atlantic. New Jersey continues to show solid growth off a low base. Average core customer deposits, which exclude deposits received at M&T's Cayman Islands office and certificates of deposit over $250,000 grew an estimated 2% compared with the first quarter. This primarily reflects the escrow deposits we referenced earlier. Deposits received at the Cayman Islands office increased by $275 million. As noted last quarter, commercial customers continue to seek a higher yield on excess funds in demand accounts and often achieve that by sweeping around in the short-term interest-bearing deposits. Turning to non-interest income. Non-interest income totaled $512 million in the second quarter compared with $501 million in the prior quarter. Mortgage banking revenues were $107 million in the recent quarter compared with $95 million in the linked quarter. Residential mortgage loans originated for sale were $723 million in the quarter, up substantially from $422 million in the first quarter, reflecting the lower, long-term interest rate environment, as well as the seasonal strength. Total residential mortgage banking revenues including origination and servicing activities were $72 million in the second quarter, improved from $66 million in the prior quarter. The increase is primarily the result of the additional residential loan servicing and sub-servicing that we acquire combined with higher gain on sale revenues. Commercial mortgage banking revenues were $35 million in the second quarter compared with $29 million in the linked quarter reflecting seasonally stronger origination activity. Trust income was $144 million in the recent quarter, improved from $133 million in the previous quarter. This quarter's results include $4 million of seasonal fees earned in assisting clients with their tax filings. The rebound in the equity markets from the sell-off in the fourth quarter of 2018 also contributed to the linked quarter growth. Service charges on deposit accounts were $108 million, up from $103 million in the first quarter, reflecting higher levels of activity from what is usually a seasonally slower first quarter. The recent quarter also included $9 million in securities gains, representing the valuation gains on equity securities, while the first quarter of 2019, including $12 million of similar valuation gains. Turning to expenses. Operating expenses for the second quarter, which exclude the amortization of intangible assets were $868 million. As previously noted, the recent quarter's results include a $48 million write-down of our investment in an asset manager acquired in the Wilmington Trust merger. Also included in the quarter's results, was a $9 million valuation reserve on our mortgage servicing rights, reflecting the recent decline in long-term interest rates. Salaries and benefits were $456 million in the quarter, down $0.4 million from the seasonally higher level in the prior quarter. The year-over-year increase reflects annual merit increases, the salary adjustments we made in connection with the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, as well as further adds to staff as we expand our pool of IT talents. We continue to expect to offset this hiring over time by reducing our use of consultants and contractors. The efficiency ratio, which excludes intangible amortization from the numerator and securities gains or losses from the denominator was 56% in the recent quarter compared to 57.6% in 2019's first quarter. Those ratios reflect legal related accrual and write-down, we noted earlier. Next, let's turn to credit. Overall, credit quality remains in line with our expectations. Annualized net charge-offs, as a percentage of total loans were 20 basis points for the second quarter compared with 10 basis points in the first quarter. That reflects higher net charge-offs in our commercial loan portfolios. The provision for credit losses was $55 million in the recent quarter, exceeding net charge-offs by $11 million. The excess provision primarily reflects loan growth. The allowance for credit losses increased to $1.03 billion at the end of June compared with $1.02 billion at the end of the previous quarter. The ratio of the allowance to total loans was unchanged at 1.15%. Non-accrual loans declined by $16 million at June 30 compared with the end of March. The ratio of non-accrual loans to total loans improved by 3 basis points ending the quarter at 0.96%. Loans 90 days past due on which we continue to accrue interest, excluding acquired loans that had been marked to a fair value discounted acquisition were $349 million at the end of the recent quarter. Of those loans, $320 million or 92% were guaranteed by government-related entities. Turning to capital. M&T's common equity Tier 1 ratio was an estimated 9.84% at June 30 compared with 10.03% at the end of the first quarter. The 19 basis point decline reflects the impact of higher loan balances, earnings retention and capital distributions. During the second quarter, M&T repurchased 2.5 million shares of common stock at an aggregate cost of $402 million. The 2019 capital plan announced late last month contemplates net capital distributions of $1.9 billion over the four quarter period beginning this month. Our reference to net distributions reflects our intention to examine the current, non-common equity components of our regulatory capital structure in the coming months. Now turning to the outlook. As we noted at the beginning of the call, the interest rate outlook has changed materially over the past 90 days, impacting the outlook for M&T as well. We continue to expect growth in total loans in 2019 to be at a low single-digit pace with continued run-off in residential mortgages more than offset by aggregate growth in other loan categories. The forward curve is implying reductions in short-term interest rates, possibly starting as early as the end of this month and continuing over the next few quarters. Recall that, following the Fed's December action to raise rates, we took further steps to hedge our asset liability position by layering on additional received fixed paced floating interest rate swaps. While our balance sheet is much less asset sensitive than it was previously, we expect lower rates to result in less growth in net interest income than we previously thought. At this point, we estimate that all else being equal and holding aside volatility in certain deposit categories, each hypothetical reduction of 25 basis points in the Fed funds target should result in 5 basis points to 8 basis points of margin pressure over the ensuing 12 months. With these changes in mind, we still expect year-over-year growth in net interest income for 2019. The previously announced servicing and sub-servicing acquisitions have increased our mortgage banking revenues above the outlook we shared on our January call. Lower long-term interest rates have led to a pickup in residential mortgage loan originations, but not enough to further change that outlook beyond the impact of the servicing addition. Our outlook for the remaining fee categories remains unchanged with growth in the low single-digit range, except for trust income, which should be in the mid single-digit range, but remains vulnerable to market volatility. The write-down of the investment in the asset manager was obviously not contemplated in our earlier expense guidance. As we noted earlier, the acquisition of on payroll IT talent reflected in salaries and benefits over the first half, should be offset by lower contractor and consulting expenses over the coming quarters. Beyond that, with the revenue outlook being more subdued than we previously thought, we are examining our spending, as we look forward. Our outlook for credit remains little changed, credit cost moved from an unsustainably low level in the first quarter to a level, still well below long-term averages during the second quarter. We're watching criticized loans, which look like they will be down this quarter from the end of March. M&T's capital allocation philosophy and policies remain consistent with our previous thoughts. To summarize, we believe that our current capital levels are higher than what is necessary to operate in a safe and sound manner given our history of solid credit underwriting and low earnings volatility. As such, our intention remains to manage our capital to a more appropriate level over time. The 2019 capital plan is lower than the plan for 2018, basically reflecting the fact that the Fed's template used year-end 2018 capital levels at the start point which were some 86 basis points lower than year-end 2017, combined with stress test losses calculated by the Fed for the 2018 CCAR exercise. As noted earlier, the 2019 plan contemplates net capital distributions of some $1.9 billion with gross distributions potentially higher as we examine the non-common components of our regulatory capital and monitor growth in loans and risk-weighted assets. Lastly, we'll continue to watch the Fed's rulemaking on stress testing capital levels including stress capital buffer and liquidity coverage ratio as we develop our capital plans beyond 2019. Of course, as you're aware our projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events and other macroeconomic factors, which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. Now, let's open up the call for questions, before which Samantha will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore.
John Pancari: Just a little bit of - to get a little bit of color around the other expense line, I know you indicated I had originally include the $48 million Bayview and if - and then was the legal charge also that $50 million is that also in that line item?
Darren King: Yes. In the first quarter, other expense included the addition to the litigation reserve, and in the second quarter, it included the write-down of the asset manager, as well as there was $9 million of the mortgage servicing reserve as well.
John Pancari: Right. Okay, so excluding that, how should we think about a good basis to grow off of as we go into the second half on that line?
Darren King: I guess if you look at the other expense line and you look at it over the last five quarters, excluding kind of what I would describe as a special, so the litigation addition, and the - in the write-down of the equity investment, you'll see that that line is relatively consistent around 165, 170, it moves up and down a little bit and that's the place where over time we will expect to see some decrease in the professional services related to our IT spend. And that will start to come into play over the last half of 2019 and into 2020, but it will take a little bit of time to for those expenses to ramp down as we bring on new staff and train them and deploy them on projects, there is a bit of a tail effect where it takes a while for the outside IT professionals to finish the work that they're doing, doesn’t make sense to replace the midstream. And so that's where you'll see some of that and also while we added to the litigation reserve in the first quarter, there is still some ongoing expense for that case in some of that will show up in the professional services or in that other cost of operations line as well. So it should be - if you exclude those things look at kind of where the average has been for the last few quarters and use that as a start point and start to decline at probably more in 2020 than in 2019, that's the way I think about it.
John Pancari: And then also on the expense front, as we look out into 2020 and given the backdrop that you acknowledged around the rate environment, can you - how do you think about operating leverage for 2020, is that still a high expectation that you'll be able to achieve that or is there a risk to that, given the ray backdrop?
Darren King: It's a great question, John. We're in the process of going through forecasting 2020 and starting to look at where we think revenue will be and what that might mean for expense growth and probably a little early to handicap where 2020 looks, but obviously, given a slower net interest income growth picture that makes positive operating leverage, a little tougher to achieve and we're obviously we're also not going to short change the investments we need to make in the business for the sake of a couple of quarters of a positive operating leverage. I don't think it will be wildly negative, if it is, but we've got work to do before we comment on what 2020 will be, we'll give you guys an update obviously in January on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin from Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Just a follow-up on your comments on the rate. Thanks for the commentary about what each 25 basis point means, if I'm doing the math right. I guess 5 to 8 basis points on a 25-cut, that's what like 50 million to 80 million depending on annually?
Darren King: Yes.
Ken Usdin: So I guess the question is what's baked into your forecast then in terms of that new expectation that NII will grow a little bit this year relative to your prior expectations. Have you built forecast into that - cuts into that forecast formally and if so how many? Thank you.
Darren King: Yes, we usually run our ALCO models and off of the forward curves. And so we will look at the forward curves at the end of June and use that as the basis for forecasting our NII for the rest of the year. You can kind of see in where LIBOR’s move that some of that's already started to happen. So I guess the question is how much incremental movement there is in LIBOR when and if the Fed actually moves. So I think a little bit of it's already kind of happened and then we'll see where things end up, but the direct answer to your question is, based off the forward curves and run at the end of June.
Ken Usdin: Okay, understood that is what I was getting at thanks. And then on the ability to control deposits costs and anticipate the mix shift, what are you seeing in terms of customers and what are you deciding in ALCO about how you're pricing deposits relative to that view of the curve? Thanks.
Darren King: Yes, so when you look underneath the second quarter activity on deposit pricing, there is really two things. So, one is the addition of the escrow balances that came with the servicing that we did and actually those grew through the quarter and we actually expect them to grow into the third quarter as well. When you hold that to the side, what we saw in the second quarter was a continuation of the trends that we saw in the first, where we still see some commercial excess balances moving into interest checking and into on-balance sheet sweep. And we continue to see some consumer migration into time although that slowed down a little bit and really the time increases in the second quarter were driven by renewals of CDs that were actually coming off at a lower rate than where rates were and still in the one to two year and greater than two year space. If we look at the increase in time deposits in the second quarter, it was less than it was in the first and looked a lot more like what it did in the fourth quarter. And so most of the reactivity in deposit pricing that happened early on was in the commercial space and in the institutional space and in the wealth space and many of those accounts are tied to an index. And so as the index comes down those will move down faster. On the consumer side they’ll probably be a little bit slower, just because the cycle, the repricing cycle never fully matured and the way it tends to work is people move money into CDs first and then once those rate stabilize, they tend to look for liquidity and they move back into money market that second step didn't happen. And so a lot of the consumer money that sits in certificates of deposits will be there for a while. It will take renewals for - those rates to come down. I guess the good news is that they shouldn’t probably go up much from here either [indiscernible].
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: If I could follow-up on Ken's question as you know - thank you for giving us some of the assumptions that you have for the five to eight basis points of compression. I'm wondering for each 25 basis points what is the reverse beta that you're assuming specifically on the deposit side and does it - is it naturally wider for the, let's say the third cut versus the first cut?
Darren King: Sure so when we disclosed in the Q, our ALCO runs they are obviously 100 basis point increments, when we do our work we do it in 25. And what we expect to see is the continued lag affect of deposit repricing continue into the third quarter. Usually takes two or three quarters for that to slowdown after the Fed stops. So even if they decrease rates at the end of July we’re likely still to see a little bit of movement in deposit rates. And then as we go from there, we'll start to see them come down, the rate of decrease in the deposits will be kind of consistent with what I mentioned before with Ken and that’s for the indexed deposits obviously there'll be 100% reactive. And then for our other customer deposits movement out of suite back into DDA, I think it'll be a function of customers’ businesses and cash flow. Not sure how quickly that will change, but we’ll obviously be paying attention to the pricing there. And then on the consumer side, I think we'll continue to see a slowdown of the remixing hope the pressure will be as older CDs mature and come on to the books at a slightly higher rate, which is why we’ll see a little bit of repricing there. I think as it relates to the third quarter and deposit cost specifically, I'll just remind you again that - we're expecting continued increase in escrow balances. And those are linked to an index either to LIBOR or to Fed funds, there is a little bit of different pricing depending on which portfolio it is. And so, those will have an impact on deposit pricing specifically or deposit costs in the third quarter.
Erika Najarian: And just as a follow up. Could you give us a sense of how much of your interest bearing deposits are indexed and would reprice immediately. And could you please remind us and - with the size of your swap book and the average life please. The total new notional since you added some swaps on in the quarter? Thank you.
Darren King: Sure, so the swap book - the swaps that are currently in effect is about $13.5 million, $14 million of notional. And if you look at the remainder that's out there, which I think will show around $39 billion in the Q is our forward starting. And so, that should give you a sense of where the swaps are. And those should go out approximately two to two in a quarter years based on where we are right now. I should wrote down your first question. Remind me again your first question.
Erika Najarian: Apologies, what percentage of your interest-bearing deposits are tied to an index and therefore would reprice immediately when Fed fund goes down?
Darren King: It's approximately 12%.
Erika Najarian: Got it, thank you.
Darren King: Of total deposits.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you.
Darren King: Total deposits, obviously it plays a bigger percent of interest checking.
Erika Najarian: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Frank Schiraldi with Sandler O'Neill.
Frank Schiraldi: Just wondering Darren on the, just one more on the margin - the five to eight basis points seems like that's baking in the expectation that this drag in deposit pricing is going to be - is going to continue here for a little bit. If we don't get a rate hike or rate cut rather I'm just wondering what the margin would look like and your expectation of sort of margin outlook without - those baked in rate hikes or rate cuts going forward?
Darren King: Sure, so within the margin and in the go-forward, there is a couple things that are important to keep in mind. So when we talk about the five to eight, we were specific about saying holding some other deposit categories constant that - creates volatility in the market. So obviously cash balances, as we've talked about a lot, they were worth five basis points of expansion. The decrease in cash balances in the first quarter expanded the margin by five basis points. They contracted the margin by three basis points this past quarter. And so those we kind of hold aside and because they can move around and they affect the margin, but not so much the net interest income. The other thing is that moving around right now is just the mortgage escrow balances. And as those roll on and we get so what we think is a more stable balance, we'll be able to give a little bit better guidance on our expectations on the impact of escrow. So if nothing changed in the second quarter, third quarter there’s probably some margin compression because of those escrow balances. And so any movement would be on top of that, excluding what's already been priced in. If we didn't have the escrow balances, and I mean, held cash balances constant, and you didn't see a change in rates from the Fed. I think we'd see pretty stable margin like the plus or minus 2 to 3 basis points, some because of the natural extension of deposit pricing and then some just because of roll-on, roll-off margins in the loan book.
Frank Schiraldi: And then there's been some recent reports out and the media talking about some branch reduction in the Philadelphia areas some consolidation and reinvesting into tech and I guess modernizing the remaining branches. Just kind of curious, if you could talk maybe a little bit about that, but more generally just your brand strategy here more broadly?
Darren King: Sure. So now I'll talk specifically about Philadelphia. So if you look at our market position in Philadelphia, and I think we have about 1% deposit share in a fairly similar brand share, which even as things move electronic, we find that customers still value branches as a place that they can go and get advice and solve problems as well as - and it provides a sense of security, they are there for a long period of time. And our focus in Philadelphia by shrinking, isn't to ignore those things, but more to recognize that our strength there has really been in the commercial space and in particular with small business customers and we're aggregating or concentrating our efforts in Philadelphia in the markets where there is a concentration of small business customers and where we've had some success there, and we'll really orient the branch in the activities there to support the activities of our small business and commercial customers. Our experience has been the - while this is customers tend to use only one branch and that one tends to be close to their business. So we think that that's a better way for us to compete there. And as we reduce the footprint, we'll take some of the savings and invest it in the remaining branches. When you look more broadly, we have markets where we have really high share both in terms of deposits and branches and markets where we have a little bit less. We're going to be looking at what we do at Philadelphia and how that works in combination with the investments we're making in digital and to learn from that and see how that works and will - depending on how that goes, we will adjust our strategy there, if we like it, will probably see it rollout into a few other geographies. And then when you look at the markets where we're a little bit more dense, I would describe our branch thoughts as consistent with our prior practices whereby we look at the total network each year. We look at which locations both branches and ATMs are favored by our customers and then we make adjustments to the network each year given - given that information. We're always trying to make sure that we provide convenience and access to our customers and while managing our cost structure, so that we can be competitive. The nice part is in banking customers vote with their feet every day and we get to use the results of that vote to help us shape the network and that's the way we've always thought about distribution and we'll continue to.
Frank Schiraldi: But this is more thought of as a reinvestment opportunity as opposed to cost cuts, cost cutting initiative. Is that fair or maybe both?
Darren King: Yes, I think it's really both. We will clearly over time have some safe. But for all of our colleagues in that geography, they will be placed in one of the branches that remains open, usually there is turnover in those offices in over time, whether that is replaced or not will be a function of how busy the locations are, but we will be saving some of the occupancy expense, will reinvest a little bit of that in the end of the existing locations in some of that will save.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Saul Martinez with UBS.
Saul Martinez: Couple of questions more clarifications then anything, first on the net interest income guide I forget the exact terms you use, but you said you expect to see some growth in 2019 full year versus 2018, by my calculations, that you're basically baking in, I think something in the neighborhood of $1 billion and change in net interest income run rate in the second half of the year quarterly is that it may, I'll just obviously place some reduction in the run rate, but is that more or less correct that math?
Darren King: Yes, that's correct, is probably based on the current forward curves. It probably comes down a little bit each quarter, but we'll be a little bit over $1 billion. Yes.
Saul Martinez: Okay. And then again a clarification. Great color on all the moving parts on deposit costs, and why you think it could be stickier is even as the Fed cut, but I guess, putting all of that together, would you expect deposit cost to actually rise in the third quarter versus the second quarter if I'm looking at your overall cost of interest bearing deposits that wasn't clear if that's what to me at least, is that, if that's what you're basically saying?
Darren King: Sure. So the short answer is, yes. And I'll give you color on that, it's, yes, because of the growth in the mortgage escrow balances that we anticipate. If those weren't there, we would expect a little bit of increase in our deposit cost just because of the last little bit of remixing that tends to happen for two to three quarters after the Fed stops. When you look at that - when you look at just that effect, it was lower in the second quarter than in the first quarter and we anticipate that the third quarter would be lower still and then it would kind of be done by the time we get to the fourth quarter. Will it slow more quickly to zero in the third quarter, if the Fed reduces hard to handicap just given some of the repricing CDs and the fact that they're rolling off at a lower rate than they will roll onto there's probably still a little bit of push there, but that's, those are the two elements. And I want to make sure I'm explicit about what's driving it, because one of the things that's kind of in the five to eight and the other one is 10 and up.
Saul Martinez: Okay. So if we were to see two cuts, let's say, one in July and September, October, when would you think you would actually start to see deposit start to come down, is it sort of late years for early part of next year and how do you think about that lag in this cycle?
Darren King: Yes, I guess, so again with the nuance of the escrow balances, I think the whole and again holding onto to the side. You would see a modest increase in deposit costs in the third quarter and I think you'll start to see them either flatten out or decrease in the fourth quarter and just because of the fact that there are several categories that are index, those would give you a benefit, right away with the cuts and if those other categories like the time deposits, as well as just people shifting still from non-interest bearing into interest bearing our suite. I put no modest upward pressure on it. But, I would expect that you see a little bit in the third quarter and by the time we get to the fourth quarter, you probably start to see it level out or decrease.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin St. Pierre with KSP Research.
Kevin St. Pierre: Just circling back to expenses in conjunction with overall strategy. Darren, you and - both you and Rene have characterized M&T is being somewhat behind from a tax perspective and needing to catch up, maybe you could characterize for us where you think you are from that perspective along the timeline in catching up to competitors from a mobile and digital perspective?
Darren King: Sure. So I think over the last 18 months, we've made some really great strides in our technical environment, our mobile app continues to get updated on a regular basis with the new feature functionality coming, basically every six months, if not sooner. And it's in a pretty good spot. When we look at the feature functionality that is most used by customers. We feel pretty good about what we have. I think the next focus is in there is on security features and more self-service and security features. When we look at the commercial part of the bank, we've just gone into production with our loan origination system. And so we're getting that up and running and the team up to speed. And we continue to make investments in our treasury management platform, which will make things easier, both for our employees and for our customers and should bring us a lot closer to parity with our peer group if not towards some of the larger players. And we're making investments in our merchant capabilities. Within the bank, we continue to invest in infrastructure. We invest in securities, things like cyber security and how we protect the bank and our customers, as well as in the data. So we're investing along all of those categories and we continue to make progress, but I think as you know and we all know that it's a bit of a moving target too. So each time you catch up some of that, something to get a little bit ahead and I think that's the nature of Rene's comments and my comments about you're never really there because the bar is always moving and you're continually investing. And we just kind of think about our tech spend is we've got to spend to keep in the game to stay competitive and to react to the changes that are happening in all of our businesses, whether it's in the commercial business, the consumer business, the wealth and private banking business or the institutional business, and that's just going to be a way of life. And because of that, that's why we're making the investments we are in the tech hub and in adding IT professionals to our on-staff team, because as technology continues to become a bigger part of banking. Then, you want to control that resource and not have a walk out the door and into someone else's operations the next day because they are an outside contractor. The outside contract can help you get there quickly and if you bring our skill set but you don't have in the short-term. But over the long-term - such a strategic asset that we would rather control it and that's why you see us making those investments.
Kevin St. Pierre: Great, and so as we think about the impact on the income statement, we can expect that the salaries and benefits is going to have this natural upward drift as you continue to invest in people?
Darren King: Yes, you’ll see that happen. You’ll see some from the first half to the second half, just because of that, as well as the full effect of the mortgage servicing that we brought on and the people that help with that. The offset over time will be in that other cost of operations line that we talked about. The trick is and the thing to keep in mind is just the timing of that right. And if we have to, we have to add the new facility and build it out and get people there before we can consolidate other states then we have some double counting, if you will in that time period. As we bring on new focus to the team and train them up with - sometimes they’re experienced professionals and they come up to speed faster or they could be new recruits. And they take a little bit longer that you've got that overlap in time period where you get the new ones up to speed, before you can reduce the expense on the other side. And we don't expect that this is hundreds of millions of dollars by any stretch because we'll take it as increments. We think that's also a better way to manage the change as well as the cost, but it's going to be something that will be consistent over the next several quarters.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: A couple of questions as we see some of the smaller banks report numbers this quarter, the trend of these one-off credit events seem to be popping up again. Are you guys seeing now that the margin pressure is picking up for everyone. Is there any evidence yet of more aggressive loan underwriting by banks to grow their balance sheets to offset this margin pressure?
Darren King: It's an interesting question. And when we look at payoffs and paydowns and we talk about that, we track it by what the source of the payoff or paydown was. And kind of to your point, what's been interesting this year so far is other banks have been a bigger source of payoffs and paydowns for us, than it has been private equity or funds or insurance. So there might be a little bit to that. And I guess, when we compete in the market from our perspective, we always feel like others are losers structure and lower on price, then we would want to be. And so it's hard for me to say that there is a specific change, but it was notable when we were going through the numbers, that we did see a little bit higher proportion of other banks as a source of payoffs and paydowns in the first half of this year.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good, and then based on your experience, you pointed out that you guys have used the forward curves to forecast out your margins. This is not something new of course, How accurate in your opinion, are the forward curves in predicting where rates actually go at this - in this kind of a new rate environment we're in, when you have to forecast out 12 months. I would think they're very accurate over the very short periods 30 days or so, but how about if you go out into six and 12 months in your experience they’re very accurate?
Darren King: I don't know Gerard that sounds like a loaded question to me. I think we've all seen the charts that have been put together that always show the forward curves. At the moment in time against the actuals and I guess what - but my experience has been as if the forward curves are not very good predictors of the actuals. But they're good predictors of the direction.
Gerard Cassidy: Yes, I agree with that.
Darren King: And so, we obviously we use that in the absence of a better way to forecast, but also, that's why we use the hedges right. Is that we look at where the margin is and how that compares to long-term average and we take into account some of the deposit reactivity. And then just the shape of the balance sheet and that's why we use the hedging to try and take that volatility out of our earnings and that's what gives us the whereabouts when things get a little volatile like they've been late to - did not have to be overly draconian on expenses. And allows us to make sure that we can maintain the investments back to the question, that Kevin was asking in particular about our ability to invest in technology.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Klock with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Brian Klock: One real quick question, I know there's a lot of conversation around the expenses. So I was trying to keep up with everything. But I mean, directionally if you want to take that operating expense base from the second quarter, does it sounds like that's going to be higher in the third and fourth quarter before you start to see, like you said, some of the double spend that you have come out in 2020, is that's the right way to think about it?
Darren King: Yes, I guess so the way that I would look at the second half is, if you look at our expenses in the first half, and you take out the big things the write-down and the asset manager and the litigation reserve.
Brian Klock: Yes.
Darren King: That's probably a good guide for where the second half will show up, you know it's should be pretty similar to that that takes into account, the investments that we're making in the tech hub. The full-year cost of the mortgage servicing colleagues that we added and some of the other expenses that we foresee in the second half.
Brian Klock: And just another follow-up on the capital discussion yeah, does it sound like when you look at the 1.9 billion net that you talked about, having in the capital plan and now yesterday, the Board approved up to what $1.645 billion and a buyback. So does that imply that you're as you mentioned something in the neighborhood of about 300 million or 350 million of a preferred issuance possible in the future. Is that what you're thinking?
Darren King: Yes that was, that's in the ballpark of where our thought process was. I think the logic there is, when you look over the last several years of CCAR, Tier 1 Capital has become our binding constraint as much as CET1. And so, as we contemplated the plan this year, we are looking at the mix and the ratios of Tier 1 to CET1, and think there is an opportunity for us to just re-stack the capital a little bit to make sure that we're in good shape going into CCAR 2020.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Don MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, of any of the items on the call or news release is necessary, please reach out to our Investor Relations Department at 716-842-5138.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-15 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the M&T Bank First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Don MacLeod, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Don MacLeod: Thank you, Laurie, and good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's first quarter 2019 earnings conference call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you've not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website, www.mtb.com, and by clicking on the Investor Relations link and then on the Investor -- Events and Presentations link. Also, before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now, I'd like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, Darren King.
Darren King: Thanks, Don, and good morning, everyone. M&T's results for the first quarter largely reflected another quarter of solid financial performance. As noted in this morning's press release, some highlights include commercial loans both real estate and middle market, which showed a second consecutive quarter of solid growth on the back of strong originations and subdued payoff activity compared to last year. The net interest margin remained strong, thanks to the December rate action by the Fed as well as some seasonal factors. The mortgage business was buoyed by the late quarter move in the 30-year rate, which combined with the impact of our purchase of mortgage servicing rates during the first quarter, position the business for a better year in 2019. Trust revenues slowed slightly in the past quarter, mainly due to market volatility, impacting balances and keeping some customers on the sidelines. Expenses remained generally well controlled despite our investments in technology, both in talent and hardware, which are being somewhat front-loaded in 2019. Now, let's look at some of the specific numbers. Diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $3.35 for the first quarter of 2019 compared with $3.76 in the fourth quarter of 2018 and $2.23 in the first quarter of 2018. Net income for the quarter was $483 million, compared with $546 million in the linked quarter and $353 million in the year-ago quarter. On a GAAP basis, M&T's first quarter results produced annualized rate of return on average assets of 1.68% and an annualized return on average common equity of 13.14%. This compares with rates of 1.84% and 14.80%, respectively, in the previous quarter. Included in GAAP results in the recent quarter were after-tax expenses from the amortization of intangible assets amounting to $4 million or $0.03 per common share, little change from the prior quarter. Consistent with our long-term practice, M&T provides supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis from which we have only ever excluded the after-tax effect of amortization of intangible assets as well as any gains or expenses associated with mergers and acquisitions when they occur. M&T's net operating income for the first quarter, which excludes intangible amortization was $486 million, compared with $550 million in the linked quarter and $357 million in last year's first quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $3.38 for the recent quarter, compared with $3.79 in 2018's fourth quarter and $2.26 in the first quarter of 2018. Net operating income yielded annualized rates of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders' equity of 1.76% and 19.56% for the recent quarter. The comparable returns were 1.93% and 22.16% in the fourth quarter of 2018. In accordance with the SEC's guidelines, this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results including tangible assets and equity. Both GAAP and net operating earnings for the first and fourth quarters of 2018 and the first quarter of 2019 were impacted by certain noteworthy items. Our results for the first quarter of 2019 included $37 million cash distribution from Bayview Lending Group, reflected in other revenues from operations. This amounted to $28 million after-tax effect or $0.20 per diluted common share. Also, included in results for the first quarter was an addition to our reserves of $50 million relating to a subsidiary's role as trustee for customers' employee stock ownership plans. This amounts to $37 million after-tax effect, or $0.27 per diluted common share. Included in the fourth quarter 2018 results was a $20 million contribution to The M&T Charitable Foundation. That amounted to $15 million after-tax effect, or $0.11 per common share. Also included in 2018's fourth quarter results was a $15 million reduction in M&T's provision for income taxes, arising from an IRS-approved change in tax treatment of certain loan fees, which was retroactive to set 2017. This also amounted to $0.11 per common share. During the first quarter of 2018, M&T received a cash distribution of $23 million from Bayview Lending Group. This amounted to $17 million after-tax effect, or $0.11 per diluted common share. Also during last year's first quarter, M&T increased its reserve for litigation matters by a $135 million to reflect the status of then-current litigation. That increase on an after-tax basis reduced net income by $102 million, or $0.68 of diluted earnings per common share. And lastly, included in the first quarter of 2018 results was a $9 million tax benefit amounting to $0.06 per diluted common shares related to the vesting of equity compensation that reduced M&T's effective tax rate for the quarter. Turning to the balance sheet and the income statement. Taxable-equivalent net interest income was $1.06 billion in the first quarter of 2019, down by $9 million from the linked quarter. This reflects the impact of two less interest accrual days in the recent quarter, as well as a lower balance of cash placed on deposit with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. Partially offsetting that was expansion of the net interest margin to 4.04%, up 12 basis points from 3.92% in the linked quarter, combined with higher loan balances. The increase in short-term interest rates resulting from the Fed's December 2018 rate action, combined with an improved mix of earning assets and funding on the balance sheet, added a benefit to the margin of about 4 basis points in 2019's first quarter. A lower level of average balances of funds placed on deposit with the Fed had an estimated 5 basis point positive effect on the margin. The lower cash balances were primarily the result of reduced levels of trust demand deposits, combined with seasonal volatility in commercial balances. As is usual, the shorter first quarter compared with the previous quarter reflected an estimated 3 basis point benefit to the margin, arising from the impact of earning assets with the 30 over 360 interest rate basis. Average loans grew more than 1%, compared with the previous quarter. Improved customer sentiment during the fourth quarter appears to have carried through to the recent quarter with paydown and payoff activity remaining low. Looking at loans by category, on an average basis compared with the linked quarter, commercial and industrial loans increased 3% compared with the linked quarter. Commercial real estate loans also grew 3% compared with the fourth quarter, with a slightly different mix between construction loans and permanent financing. Residential real estate loans, which are largely comprised of mortgage loans acquired in the Hudson City transaction, continued their planned runoff. The portfolio declined by some 3% or approximately 11% annualized, consistent with the pace in recent quarters. Consumer loans were up a little less than 1%. Activity here is also similar to what we've seen in recent quarters, with growth in indirect auto and recreation finance loans outpacing declines in home equity lines and loans. Regionally, we saw our best growth in our metro region, which includes New York City, Philadelphia and Tarrytown, the New Jersey region and the Mid-Atlantic, which includes Baltimore, Washington, and Delaware. Average core customer deposits, which exclude deposits received at M&T's Cayman Islands Office and CDs over $250,000, declined an estimated 2% compared with the fourth quarter. This primarily reflects the decline in trust demand, as well as seasonal factors and commercial deposits I mentioned earlier. Foreign office deposits increased by $279 million. In today's higher rate environment, commercial customers are seeking to earn a yield on excess funds in demand accounts by sweeping them into short-term interest-bearing deposits. Turning to non-interest income. Non-interest income totaled $501 million in the first quarter compared with $481 million in the prior quarter. The recent quarter included $12 million of valuation gains on equity securities, while 2018's final quarter included $4 million of similar valuation gains. As I noted, included in other revenue from operations for the recent quarter is a $37 million distribution from Bayview Lending Group. Mortgage banking revenues grew $95 million in the recent quarter, compared with $92 million in the linked quarter. Residential mortgage loans originated for sale were $422 million in the quarter, up about 2% from $412 million in the fourth quarter. Total residential mortgage banking revenues, including origination and servicing activities, were $66 million in the first quarter, improved from $57 million in the prior quarter. Most of the increase was the result of the additional residential loan servicing that we purchased during the first quarter. Commercial mortgage banking revenues were $29 million in the first quarter compared with $35 million in the linked quarter, reflecting seasonally lower originations activity. The comparable figure was $25 million in the first quarter of 2018. Trust income was $133 million in the recent quarter, down slightly from $135 million in the previous quarter but slightly above $131 million in last year's first quarter. Results for the first quarter were dampened by the fourth quarter sell-off in the equity markets. Service charges on deposits accounts were $103 million, down from $109 million in the fourth quarter. The decline from the linked quarter reflected lower levels of consumer activity, much of which is seasonal. Turning to expenses. Operating expenses for the first quarter, which include the amortization of intangible assets, were $889 million. As previously noted, the recent quarter's operating expenses include a $50 million legal-related accrual. Operating expenses for the recent quarter included approximately $60 million of seasonally higher compensation costs relating to accelerated recognition of equity compensation expense for certain retirement eligible employees as well as the HSA contribution, the impact of annual incentive compensation payouts on the 401(k) match and FICO payments, as well as the annual reset and FICO payments and unemployment insurance. Those same items amounted to an approximately $56 million increase in salaries and benefits in last year's first quarter. As usual, we expect those seasonal factors to decline significantly as we enter the second quarter. Excluding those seasonal factors, salaries and benefits were little changed from the prior quarter. The year-over-year increase reflects the salary adjustments we made in conjunction with the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, as well as a somewhat higher headcount as we've been deepening our bench for IT talent, which will allow us to reduce the use of contractors overtime. The increase in equipment and occupancy expenses compared with the linked quarter primarily reflects equipment upgrades that will improve our customers' experience and the productivity of our employees. The efficiency ratio, which excludes intangible amortization from the numerator and securities gains or losses from the denominator, was 57.6% in the recent quarter compared with 51.7% in 2018's fourth quarter and 64% in the first quarter of 2018. Those ratios in the first quarters of 2018 and 2019 each reflect the seasonal compensation expenses as well as the legal-related accruals. Next, let's turn to credit. Overall, credit quality continues to be very strong, better than our somewhat conservative expectations. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were 10 basis points for the first quarter, compared with 17 basis points in the fourth quarter. The provision for credit losses was $22 million in the recent quarter, matching net charge-offs. The allowance for credit losses remained at $1 billion at the end of March, while the ratio of the allowance to total loans was also unchanged at 1.15%. Non-accrual loans declined by $12 million at March 31st compared with the end of 2018. The ratio of non-accrual loans to total loans improved by 2 basis points, ending the quarter at 0.99%. Loans 90 days past due on which we continue to accrue interest, excluding acquired loans that had been marked to a fair value discounted acquisition were $244 million at the end of the recent quarter. Of these loans, $195 million or 80% were guaranteed by government-related entities. Turning to capital. M&T's common equity Tier 1 ratio was an estimated 10.05% compared with 10.13% at the end of the fourth quarter and which reflects the net impact of higher loans, earnings retention and share repurchases. During the quarter, M&T repurchased 2.2 million shares of common stock at an aggregate cost of $366 million. Now, turning to the outlook. Based on the first quarter results, our outlook for 2019 remains largely consistent with what we shared with you on our January conference call. Just to reiterate those thoughts, we expect 2019 overall to look slightly better than 2018, with growth in total loans at a low single-digit pace. With continued run-off, our residential mortgages more than offset by aggregate growth in other loan categories as well as a more moderated payoff activity. Comments by several of the Federal Reserve Governors as well as what's being reflected by the forward curve seem to be implying that the likelihood of any change in the Fed funds target either up or down is low for the remainder of 2019. Based on specific factors I mentioned earlier, including the day count and the impact of a lower level of cash on deposit with the Federal Reserve, the net interest margin we reported in the first quarter is higher and than what we view as the run rate. Over the remainder of 2019, we expect a degree of stability in the net interest margin, consistent with the expectation of no further changes in rates. Following the Fed's December rate action, we took further steps to hedge our asset liability position by layering on additional receipt fixed, pace loading, interest rate swaps. Thus, our sensitivity position is much closer to neutral than it was previously. Based on those balance and margin assumptions, we continue to expect low single-digit year-over-year growth in net interest income. While mortgage rates have rallied recently, we're uncertain whether that can lead to a sustained uptick in residential mortgage loan originations. So, our outlook for mortgage banking revenues remains cautious. We noted at a conference last quarter that we'd be bringing on a book of own servicing, plus a subservicing contract that should lead to some $60 million of residential servicing fees over the full-year of 2019. We also anticipate seasonal improvement in commercial mortgage banking revenues as the year progresses. The outlook for the remaining fee businesses remains unchanged, with growth in the low single-digit range with the exception of trust income, which should be in the mid single-digit range, but as we've recently seen, can be impacted by market volatility. Excluding last year's addition to the litigation reserve as well as the recent accrual, we continue to expect low nominal growth in total operating expenses in 2019 compared with last year. As noted, we expect seasonal surge in salaries and benefits we report in the first quarter to normalize in the second quarter. The servicing business, I referenced, should add an additional $40 million of full-year operating expense above that guidance. Our outlook for credit remains little changed. We are conscious as to our and the industry's ability to report the sixth consecutive year of relatively benign credit costs, but there continue to be no apparent significant pressures on particular industries or geographies. We're seeing some upward pressure on criticized loans, but given our conservative underwriting, stress on borrowers doesn't really portend a meaningful acceleration in losses. M&T's capital allocation philosophy and policies remain consistent with what we've discussed previously. To summarize, we believe that our current capital levels are higher than what is necessary to operate in a safe and sound manner, given our history of solid credit underwriting and low earnings volatility. As such, our intention remains to manage our capital to a more appropriate level overtime. As most of you know, the Federal Reserve following the Crapo Bill, has proposed rules that group the larger US banks into four categories based on factors representative of their size and systemic risk. The proposal slots M&T into Category IV, which calls for biannual stress test instead of annual. As a result for the 2019 CCAR cycle covering the third-quarter of 2019 through the second quarter of 2020, Category IV banks were given an option to distribute up to a maximum amount of capital based on a predefined template calculation. That calculation reflects the distribution that would been permitted in last year's supervisory stress test adjusted for changes in the bank's capital ratios during 2018. Alternatively, Category IV banks may opt into the full CCAR process, which would involve a stress test administered by the Federal Reserve as in prior years. Based on our analysis, the amount of capital that we could return under the template approach might not be materially different from the likely outcome of following the full 2019 CCAR process. The proposal slots M&T into Category 4, which calls for biannual stress test instead of annual. As a result, for the 2019 CCAR cycle, covering the third quarter of 2019 through the second quarter of 2020, Category 4 banks were given an option to distribute up to a maximum amount of capital based on a predefined template calculation. That calculation reflects the distributions that would have been permitted in last year's supervisory stress test adjusted for changes in the bank's capital ratios during 2018. Alternatively, Category 4 banks may opt into the full CCAR process. which would involve a stress test administered by the Federal Reserve as in prior years. Based on our analysis, the amount of capital that we could return under the template approach might not be materially different from the likely outcome of following the full 2019 CCAR process. We will continue to manage capital according to our long-standing philosophy, while monitoring any further regulatory developments on the capital front as we look forward to CCAR 2020. Of course, as you're aware, our projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events and other macroeconomic factors, which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. Now, let's open up the call to questions, before which Laurie will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] So, our first question comes from the line of John Pancari of Evercore.
John Pancari: Just on the net interest margin front. I know you had indicated that it's not -- we're at the 404 levels not at the, which you will consider a normalized rate. So, does that imply that the second quarter you'll see some compression off of that level then stable, so more like a 395 level? Or is it stable from here? Just wanted to clarify that?
Darren King: No. Thanks for clarifying. If you look at the day count and adjust for that, as well as cash balances, normalizing somewhat, those two factors should bring the net interest margin down. And from that level, we expect to be fairly stable over the course of the remainder of the year based on what we see today reflected in the Fed's statements as well as what the forward curves are implying.
John Pancari: And then, separately, on the expense side, you indicated something in your prepared remarks that some front loading on the IT side. Could you give us a little bit color there? And would that have any impact on your -- could that have any impact on your nominal expense growth expectation as you make these investments?
Darren King: Yes. Sure. On the expenses, in aggregate, there is couple of things going on related to our investments in IT. So if you look first in the furniture, fixtures and equipment line, you can see that it moved up fairly -- sizably, I guess, from where our normal run rate has been. And that reflects some investment in hardware that we're making for our colleagues. And those devices since the average cost is less than a $1,000 get expensed. And so any time you make those investments, you kind of get a blip in that and it should -- that number should start to come back down. And then the other thing that we are doing, which we've been talking a lot about is bringing much of the IT talent in-house from using outside contractors. And as we do that, we bring on the folks on our teams and it takes about 90 days to 120 days to get them in a position, where we can then reduce the professional services or the contractor expense on the other side. So, there's a little bit of a carrying cost as you make that transition and we expect that to happen a couple of times during the year. We were just happened to be very successful in recruiting and adding some folks to the team in the first quarter little faster than we thought. And that's why you get a little bit of a front loading that I mentioned.
John Pancari: One more follow-up there. So -- do you still expect modest positive operating leverage for 2019 given that? And then separately, what's the size of your IT budget?
Darren King: So, I'll talk about the last one second. We don't actually talk about what the size of our IT budget is specifically because it crosses a bunch of categories, but obviously something we pay a lot of attention to, to make sure that we're making the appropriate investments that we need to make sure the bank is safe and sound and more competitive. When you look at the operating leverage for the year, we expect to be modestly positive. Some of that obviously is going to depend on what happens with rates as well as our rates moving around can move that in one direction or the other. But we expect to be modestly positive.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Hey, on the loan front, I heard you say that you're still expecting modest average loan growth through the year. And I'm just wondering, could you help us understand what's the expected pace of decline on the resi real estate side from here? Are we getting to a point where the burden is getting less bad?
Darren King: Sure, Ken. On the loan growth, when you look at the rate of decline in the resi mortgage portfolio, the rate is maybe slightly lower than what it had been. I think we are running about 13% annualized for the last several quarters with some of the movement up in rates. That dropped slightly to about 11%. But the bigger factor is the size of the portfolio continues to decline. And in the first quarter, I think it was about $430 million of payoff and paydown activities in that book. And if you went all the way back to 2015 and early 2016 when that book first came on our balance sheet, it was probably more like $900 million. So the ability to add in other loan categories to outrun the payoffs and paydown activity in the resi book is getting a little bit easier in dollar terms. And so, that's part of why we expect to see some low nominal growth in balances over the course of the year.
Ken Usdin: And to expand upon that, on the commercial side, you had good average loan growth because of a good period end December, but the March 31st period end was flatter or flattish. Can you just talk about pipelines seasonality and just where you're expecting that kind of net positive growth to be coming from to offset the resi side? Thanks.
Darren King: Yes. So, I guess, when you look across the other categories, we don't expect any one category to be a standout in terms of where the growth will come from that will offset that. We continue to see strong activity in the consumer loan book. The pace of home equity payoffs continues to be fairly similar, but again, it's getting to be a smaller book of business. And in indirect auto and in indirect rec-fi continued to be strong as well, as we see some small growth in our credit card portfolio. On the commercial loan side, when you look at real estate, in commercial real estate, we've seen -- we had a nice quarter and some permanent mortgage activity. And I think we mentioned in the fourth quarter earnings call that we've had some good origination in the construction side of things. And those balances will continue to grow over the course of the year as those projects go through their normal life stage. And then in the C&I space, it's kind of a combination of some new customer growth in the dealer commercial services business as well as growth in more traditional middle market, which we see some nice pockets in healthcare and other sectors. So, I guess, I would say it's fairly broad-based and both in terms of the line items on the balance sheet, as well as some of the industry sectors and geographies where we expect to offset the declines in resi real estate.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe of Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe: I was hoping you guys can just talk a little bit about deposit gathering. I didn't -- I don't think I heard anything about that in your outlook comments. But obviously, you had decent loan growth this quarter, but is it getting harder to fund the loan growth with deposit growth? I mean, it seems like security balances were a little bit lower even though some of it was planned, but wanted to know how you think about that?
Darren King: Sure. So, when we look at the deposits and you look at the deposits on the balance sheet, there's a set of deposits that as you've seen through time, tend to have a little bit of volatility to them and those are some of the trust demand deposits. So much like you would think about non-interest bearing or indeterminate deposit accounts, we look at those and have a kind of tranching that we know a certain amount will be on the balance sheet and we think about that when making our lending decisions. When you hold that to the side and you look at what's going on, in total deposit balances, what we see is more of a remixing than a real decrease in the balances. And so, when we look at the consumer portfolio, the balances have been pretty stable. We're seeing some mix shift where we're seeing people move money from money market accounts into the time accounts. And you can kind of see that reflected to some extent in the average cost of time deposits. Think it was up above 30 odd basis points this quarter. And a large chunk of that was remixing, and that customers are going from money market and not into short-term CDs, but into one year to two year. And as that mix happens, that's driving up that interest rate costs. But in total, the balances are staying on the balance sheet. When we look at our commercial customers, we see, again, a remixing. We see some movement from non-interest-bearing to interest-bearing checking, and we see some move into suite both on balance sheet and off balance sheet. I think when you look at our deposits information and you look at what's referred to as deposits at the Cayman Islands Office, that's really where our balance sheet suite is and you can see that movement there. So, again in aggregate, the balances are relatively flat. They are just remixing. And so, we're able to trade-off a little bit. If we have loan growth, we can fund some of it from the residential real estate run-off and then a little bit out of the securities portfolio. And overall, when we look at our loan-to-deposit ratio, it was relatively flat quarter-over-quarter. So, there is nothing that we are worried about at this point in our ability to fund loan growth.
Ken Zerbe: I guess -- and then just taking that to the NIM, though, I'm not sure if I caught sort of your expectation of how much you think NIM should be lower in second quarter, but presumably the deposit mix shift puts further pressure on the NIM outlook. Is that the right way to think about it?
Darren King: Yes, there's a little -- there will be a little bit of pressure on that going forward, but there will be a little bit of offset in remixing on the asset side as well, right. We will be trading -- we expect to continue to see some trade between residential mortgage and some of the other loan categories that tend to carry a little bit of a higher yields as well as a little bit of movement in the securities portfolio, which is a lower yielding asset as well. So based on some of those changes in the composition of the balance sheet, it's our expectation that the NIM should be barely stable. It might move a couple basis points in either direction off of a level that reflects the cash balances and the day count, but should be fairly stable around there.
Ken Zerbe: I'm sorry -- and just to ask a very specific question, though, with the NIM, if we back out the cash balances, I think it was 5 basis points and then day count was about 3 basis points. There's -- and correct me if there is anything else, but that's 8 basis points to NIM and 2Q is sort of stable around 3.96%. Is that what you are thinking?
Darren King: I think you're in the right ballpark area. You can move around a little bit obviously with those cash balances. They can move back up which could drop. They could stay low which could keep it high. So, there is a little bit of volatility, couple of basis points here or there around that -- around those numbers and really the big thing is balance growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Alexopoulos of J.P. Morgan.
Steve Alexopoulos: So, I want to understand the NIM guidance too on the stability point. If we look at deposit cost that's been going up somewhere 9 basis points or 10 basis points a quarter for at least a last few quarters. Do you see that materially dropping off in terms of the rise in deposit cost you've been seeing?
Darren King: I guess dropping off no, lower, yes. I guess the thing that we got our eye on is how much, how fast deposits are moving across categories and then how fast each category itself is moving up or down. And what we saw in the first quarter was a little bit of a slowdown in movement of rates in any category that because of where the Fed was that, there was a little bit less competitive pressure on deposit pricing in any given category. And now the big impacts of the deposit costs will be remixing in the piece of remixing that we might see on a go forward basis. And usually, there is some degree of that that continues after the Fed stops hiking. The offset is what I mentioned before and some of the potential remixing on the asset side of the balance sheet, and how that might impact the overall yield on our loan book as well as changes we might make to securities portfolio. So, we think we've got some ability in the short-term to offset some of those little bit. And that's why we feel confident that we can maintain the margin absent any changes in the Fed around a relatively stable place over the course of 2019.
Steve Alexopoulos: And then on the expense side, Darren, I believe in the past you defined the low nominal growth rate in the 2% to 3% range. Is that still the case for expense growth for the year extra $40 million from the servicing purchase?
Darren King: Yes, that's typically how we would think about things and low nominal is 3% or less. And some of that's obviously that we saw this quarter's timing and then some of the investments that we're making in the business and we've talked about our expense growth at the overall level as opposed to at any individual category, because we see some movement within the expenses across categories. And we don't try to worry about any one category but more watch the pace of our overall expense growth might move around a little bit, as you can see from quarter-to-quarter. But overall, that remains our expectation for the year.
Steve Alexopoulos: Okay.
Darren King: And of course absent the $40 million that as I mentioned before from the servicing, Yes.
Steve Alexopoulos: Thank you. If I could just ask you one on credit, you said you saw upward pressure on criticized loans, which portfolio is that? Is there anything to note there?
Darren King: Yes, sure. I guess the most interesting thing on credit is that the criticized are up, but there is nothing to note in terms of specific industries or geographies. So, we pay a lot of attention to that obviously. And we often use criticized as the classification to help make sure that within the bank, we have lots of eyes on things where we see a little bit of deterioration. And to jump on it quickly to make sure that between our credit folks, our frontline folks and our workout folks that were paying attention to early warning signs. And as we kind of pointed out in the prepared remarks, that doesn't necessarily mean that there's going to be a charge up, but what our history has been as if we focus on things and get on top of them early that we can actually prevent that from happening. And so, we're very aggressive of moving things where we see even small size of trouble into that criticized portfolio.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Frank Schiraldi of Sandler O'Neill.
Frank Schiraldi: Just on -- and I think you touched on it last quarter, but just thinking through the relief. I think we're still expecting you'll get on the LCR. What that might mean for the balance sheet in terms of -- is it just an uptick in yield and the securities book? Or could we see some contraction along with greater buybacks? Just wondering, how you think about what M&T's reaction could be?
Darren King: Sure. So you know with the changes to -- potential changes to the LCR, you know, we will look at our total balance sheet. And number one, we'll make sure that we feel like we've got the right liquidity for the bank and for our customers. And look at that in relation to how the economy is how charge offs are as well as loan growth. And if you look at our bank through time we've always make sure we had the right amount of liquidity but that's also tended to run a little bit at the lower end of the peer group. And we're lower than the peer group right now, but above where we have historically been and we will continue to look at that and make those trade-offs between holding liquidity to make sure the bank is safe, versus using that liquidity to fund loan growth and provide access to capital for our customers.
Frank Schiraldi: Okay. And then on the, I know you mentioned the tax benefit last quarter, but was there a tax benefit related to the vesting of equity comp this quarter? And is 25% still a reasonable place to be on the effective tax rate going forward?
Darren King: So, the impact of the equity vesting this first quarter was nominal which is why we didn't mention it. It was slightly less than $2 million. And remember that the impact can be positive or negative to the tax line depending on how the stock price is at the vesting date compared to the price at the issue date. And so first couple of years with the stock price where it was, you know it resulted in a big impact, because the price was higher than what it was granted out when people received their award and this past year it was down from where things were issued last year. So, there's always going to be some movement around in that number, but if it's meaningful we'll let you guys know what it is. And then, what was the other part of the question, sorry I forgot.
Frank Schiraldi: December 20 on the tax rate go forward --
Darren King: The tax rate, right sorry. On the tax rate, I think the guide we gave in the first call this year was 24.5% to 25% and that's still a good place to be.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Winter of Wedbush Securities.
Peter Winter: So, the loan-to-deposit ratio at 98%, are you guys comfortable letting it not go above 100%? And I know you've got some flexibility with the funding from the runoff resi mortgage.
Darren King: So, it's a measure that we pay attention to, but I wouldn't say that we run the bank based on it. So, we would be comfortable with the loan-to-deposit ratio going over a 100% for a quarter, maybe even two or three. We -- obviously, we don't expect to run at nor do we choose to run at the kind of levels we were at before the crisis. We don't think that's practical any more. But as we look at the balance sheet and go quarter-to-quarter, we definitely have enough liquidity to fund loan growth at least loan growth that we would expect to see and we're always paying attention to how we fund it. And if things get a little more active as we go through the year then we'll figure out how to make sure we've got the right amount of funding to manage that loan-to-deposit ratio. But in any given quarter or couple of quarters, it's not something that we would worry a lot about.
Peter Winter: Okay, and then just a quick follow up. I was looking at average earning asset growth which was down both year-over-year and sequentially. Do you guys think you'll grow average earning asset growth this year?
Darren King: So, average earning assets can be a tougher one to predict. And the reason is tougher to predict is just because of the movement in the trust demand deposit and in that line about cash that we have at Fed. So, that's why we try to breakdown the pieces and help you guys think through the pieces because that's how we look at it. And so, we first and foremost look at the loan balances and make sure that we're taking care of our customers and providing funding as they needed. And over the course of the last several years, while loans in absolute have been down slightly, it's all been quite intentional in bringing down that mortgage book, but while growing C&I as well as CRE and some of the other consumer segments. And then really the difference is some of the cash balances that might move on and off our balance sheet that relates to that trust demand deposit that tend to come with our institutional business. And those can move around a little bit as well as some of the balances that might be associated with mortgage servicing. So when we look at that, we look at where we are over the course of the year. We think it could be plus or minus 1%, but we're not expecting big movements in either direction.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Klock of Keefe, Bruyette, Woods.
Brian Klock: Darren, I wanted to just follow up on the same sort of line of questioning after Peter's question on the average earnings assets. I think your NII guide for the year was to be low single digit growth year-over-year, is that right?
Darren King: That's right.
Brian Klock: If I don't have any -- if I don't put any growth into your returning assets and I use a NIM at 3.98%, which would kind of do the math, you said of just getting down, take the adjustments out of the first quarter and run that flat, that's 4% growth year-over-year. So, that would kind of think that even if you get a little bit better growth and average loan then 2% average loan growth, I mean it feels like, it's more like mid single digit growth in NII. So, I just was wondering, if that's -- that math seems to work and is that I guess what you're expecting with that guidance?
Darren King: From what we've looked at and forecast over the course of the year, we would be kind of right in the range that we talked about earlier. We wouldn't see that being, what's really higher than that. There we do expect to see some movements in the net interest margin as we go through the next part of the year along the lines of what we had talked about earlier, might be a couple of basis points up or down in any quarter from where we think. We ended the first quarter on an adjusted basis. And then the thing right and this is probably the hardest to predict is just what those earnings assets are. And if we maintain the position in particular in the trust demand balances where we ended the first quarter, then you probably got earnings asset growth that's more like slightly down than flat or slightly up. And then the pace of growth in commercial balances and what they've been, as you know we're probably a little more conservative and how we think about things, and how fast we might see those assets growth specially given the history of the last nine quarters and looking at -- we're -- feel good about things after the last two quarters, but the prior six were tough. So, we might not be at the upper end of where loan growth might be than others might have.
Brian Klock: And maybe just as a follow-up. I know that you had some comments about LCR. Earlier you mentioned the CCAR. What -- I guess, how -- what are you guys planning on doing with your capital plan announcements for the third quarter of this year, the second quarter of next year? Now that you're not part of the official CCAR process for 2019, I guess when can we expect to hear your capital plans for that period and how are you guys thinking about what sort of target CET1 ratio you might get to? Your had one of your peers have talked about getting to 8.5% target on Friday and given out strong quality balance sheet and underwriting M&T has, I would think that that's a possibility for you guys in the future too. So maybe you can just let us know your thoughts on that?
Darren King: Sure. So, I guess as it relates to announcements, we would expect to announce at some point during the second quarter. What's going on from a capital perspective? We've submitted something to the Federal Reserve as well as for our -- to our board for approval. The Fed probably needs the loan information to come on the schedules before they finalized things, but our expectation will be out before the end of the quarter, hopefully not quite as late as last time with what the capital plans are. I guess I don't have a comment necessarily on what other folks have as a target capital level and what its impact, may or may not be on us. But we have been fairly consistent with our thought process on where we think capital should be for M&T. And we think that's toward the low end of the peers and that's a bit of moving target. The challenge is how fast you can get there and really what the governor is on that is the stress test and how it works. And so, I guess my answer to the question depends a little bit on what happens with the stress test framework and whether or not we start to see the SCB thought process emerged, how capital distributions and asset growth are handled under stress in the next CCAR scenario, because those tend to be some of the things that actually restrict a Company's ability to get from where they are to where their target might be. And those are bunch of things that we pay a lot of attention to and are factors in our considerations in our capital distributions, but I guess in the short term, I think if you use the template and did the math as you're going forward, you probably be in the ballpark on likely capital returns for the third and fourth quarter of this year and the first two quarters of next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marty Mosby of Vining Sparks.
Marty Mosby: Hey, I wanted to follow up on the capital template that you've talked about. I got a couple of moving pieces. I want to make sure that when you think about how that work. The stress losses would remain constant because you're not running a new stress test. So, the losses kind of come from last year's numbers. You don't have to rerun them, you already know what that is. You then would probably add in your new level of capitals. So whatever your capital was at year end this year, you would put that in there versus your stress losses. And then you would also have to change to the higher level of earnings. So I just want to make sure that as they went through that template, some things changed like where your capital was versus is now and what your earnings were versus is now while the risk is the one component that has stayed the same from last year?
Darren King: So, generally in the right ballpark, the losses carry over and will be the same and you adjust the start point of your capital ratios and capital levels from where you are to December of 2018 versus December 2017. And then, earnings are the same as last year is kind of the way that works.
Marty Mosby: And last year meaning 2018 or what you had in the CCAR process, because when you did the CCAR process, you didn't have the full benefit from the tax reform. So now that you had a full year of 2018, it would kind be the run rate there. Just wanted to make sure that we're getting the benefit of the higher earnings when you start thinking about payout ratios?
Darren King: It's really 2018 numbers that are the basis for the earnings and the tax reform was by and large baked into the 2018 numbers already.
Marty Mosby: Right. And what you had in your reported 2018 earnings, but not in the CCAR, because when you were kind of doing that, that was before you didn't have a full year that's just quite yet?
Darren King: CCAR 2018 would have been based on 2017 for sure, but the losses that we would have had in last year's CCAR will be the losses that were going into the template. The capital ratio will be the 2018 December start point and the earning would be based on the 2018 earnings.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: Just two points of clarification on the capital question. So, if we're plugging in all those numbers we're getting to capital return of $2.069 billion which is in line with what you had asked for. And I'm wondering if that's the ballpark and if that is the ballpark, what is the decision tree between going, waiting to resubmit or waiting to go through the full process next year versus this year, given how punitive this year your losses seem to be last year to M&T relative to what this year's parameters look like?
Darren King: So, I guess to start with Erika on the ballpark, you're in the right range maybe a little bit light on what our math would say, but basically in the right ballpark. And then the decision to submit or not submit was really, we look at what we thought the template would be and then what the pluses and minuses are going through the full CCAR process and how close those two might be. And when we looked at the two look-like they would end up in a pretty similar place, it really didn't have anything to do with the real estate losses from last year. There's always some part of the portfolio that's gets stressed, commercial real estate might be a little bit harder for us, and there's always some uncertainty in the CCAR process in terms of how the models might work and how operational losses might be impacted, how PPNR might be. So, there's a bunch of unknown, whereas with the template there's a little bit more certainty about how things might work. That said, we still maintain our CCAR apparatus at the bank. We run a full stress test on M&T scenario, and we think about reducing credit growth and that's the process that we will continue to go through every year just because we think it's good governance and a good practice and makes us feel more certain about our thoughts on capital distributions. And obviously, you need to make sure that you're ready for the CCAR process that will happen on every other year basis. So, we will go forward from here.
Erika Najarian: And just my last follow-up question has to do with some of the mix shift dynamics that you were referring to earlier. One is where are you reinvesting your securities cash flow today? And I also noticed that short-term borrowings were a little high at about a 1 billion on average basis. And in first quarter of last year and fourth quarter, this ran closer to 300 million. I'm wondering if that was also episodic and at 2.49%, if it rolls off but that's clearly going to be immediate supportive of NIM.
Darren King: So, I am just going through some of the pieces. In securities portfolio, we have kind of a barbell of investments in there. Some of its mortgage-backed securities, which is the longer dated and treasury, US treasuries which we tend to do either one year or two year. So as those mature, they create cash and depending on where rates are right now or at the time that things mature, we tend to look at where the curve is and what the difference might be between one year treasuries and holding that money and cash at the fed. And so, you will see some movement between those two categories and we tend to look at them as one as opposed to two unique buckets. And some of the cash or some of the rundown in the securities will sit in cash, some of that we might buy more treasury, and then some of that we use to fund loans for customers. And so with that given that we're going to be at a certain ratio of securities to total assets but more we're looking at as the trade offs across those categories, and that's what gets us comfortable that we can maintain the NIM relatively stable over the next few quarters.
Erika Najarian: And just quickly on the short -- any comments on the short-term borrowings, so that's being elevated this quarter.
Darren King: Yes, so, if you look at toward the end of last year, we redeemed bonds that we're going to come due at the end of the year, and we redeem them early because they were inside of 30 days and bonds are inside of 30 days don't qualify for the FDIC benefit. And so, we redeemed them early and did a short term borrowing, which you would have seen on the balance sheet for part of the first quarter and then go away. And so kind of what you got in there some of the average over the quarter, but they want there at the end of the quarter and that just help with the FDIC insurance benefit.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Barker of Piper Jaffray.
Kevin Barker: You guys have navigated the current rate cycle better than those two NIMs expanded dramatically probably better than they own it all your peers. When you think out given the where the rates are today, how the cycle is playing out and then the laying on the swaps that you put on. How long do you think you can maintain your guidance for, I guess somewhere between 3.9% and 4% NIM given the swap that you put on your portfolio today, given that rate environment?
Darren King: Yes. So I guess given the outlook from both the Fed and the forward curves with not a lot of movement and the swaps that we put on, we think we will be fairly stable over the course of 2019. And that's obviously a bunch of things that are going on in there. Some of it was swap and the hedging activity that we've done. Some of it is how deposit pricing might react from a competitive perspective over the course of the year, which I think to some extent will depend on how strong loan growth is in the industry. But as you pointed out, we've been taking steps to try and protect the margin that we built because of where it is, and you'll see when we filed the Q that some of our asset sensitivity has come down, and you'll see that in the numbers and it's because of that work that we've done to try and lock in the margin or keep it protected at a level close to where it is.
Kevin Barker: Yes, Yes. What is the percentage of your swaps mature within like the next year and then what's the weighted average duration of those swaps?
Darren King: So, the swaps when you look at the notional amounts that will be disclosed, it's probably going to be around $30 billion to $35 billion. And that's -- they're not all in effect right now. The notional amounts that's kind of out there right now is about $15 billion to $16 billion, and it's a combination of some swaps on our debt as well as some cash flow swaps against the loan portfolio. And the extra notional amount, the extra kind of doubling of the notional amount as to extent swaps that have been put in place earlier that are expiring. And the idea is to kind of have about two years forward in terms of the swaps that are in place.
Operator: Your final question will come from the line of Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Quick question for you. Some of the bigger banks have given us their day one increase in reserves for CECL. I may have overlooked at if you've talked about it already today. But have you guys disclosed that and if you haven't, do you have kind of target date of when you might disclose that number?
Darren King: Sure. You didn't miss anything Gerard. So, as usual, you are right on top of things. We are going through right now parallel runs of the existing ALLL dropped us and the new CECL and growing through, making sure that, that we can run at scale. We haven't made that announcement yet. We expect to probably as we get toward the end of the year, we'll start to be a little bit more definitive about what the exact impact will be. But from the work that we've done to-date what I've said before and it still holds that the impact on our capital ratios will be fairly nominal.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good, and then just another quick question, you mentioned about credit quality being so strong which we all acknowledge. Is there any evidence of underwriting pressure from competitors that could lead to credit issues a year or two from now because they're underwriting more aggressively today. And you guys are passing on competing at that level.
Darren King: I guess, Gerard, I wouldn't say that competitive environment isn't any more intense than what it has been for the last sort of while anything. I think we saw some of the outside, the regulated system participation slowdown a little bit with the disruption in markets and in December that carried a little bit into the first quarter. So I think that's why we saw pay-off and pay down activity moderate. We do continue to see competitors in the market and when we look at the source of funds for pay-offs and pay down to this first quarter a little bit more came from competing banks and came from non-banks, so that's kind of an interesting data point. But in terms of pricing and or structure, there hasn't been a notable move this quarter compared to what we would have seen over the course of last year. I think more it's who is in the market and being aggressive and it's little bit more bank competition than what we've seen outside of the banking. But you know that said, I think it's more an essence of the non-banks as it is an increase in activity by the banks.
Operator: Thank you, I'll now return the call to Don MacLeod for any additional or closing remarks.
Don MacLeod: Thank you all for participating today. And as always, if clarification of any of the items on the call or news release is necessary, please reach out to our Investor Relations department at 716-842-5138.
Operator: Thank you for participating in the M&T Bank first quarter 2019 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-17 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the M&T Bank Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Don MacLeod, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Don MacLeod: Thank you, Laurie, and good morning, everyone. I’d like to thank you all for participating in M&T's fourth quarter and full-year 2018 earnings conference call both by telephone and through the webcast. If you’ve not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our Web site www.mtb.com, and by clicking on the investor relations link and then on the Events and Presentations link. Also, before we start, I’d like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on forms 8-K, 10-K, and 10-Q, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now, I would like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, Darren King.
Darren King: Thanks, Don, and good morning, everyone. As noted in this morning's earnings release, M&T's results for the fourth quarter were characterized by a continuation of the trends we've been seeing over the first three quarters of 2018. These include: further expansion of the net interest margin, growth in net interest income, growth in noninterest revenues with trust fees remaining a highlight, expenses that continue to be well-controlled in a credit environment that remains solid. One positive aspect of the fourth quarter's results was a notable pick up in commercial and industrial lending which contributed to aggregate net loan growth for the quarter. Highlights for the full-year of 2018 include 7% growth in taxable equivalent net interest income driven by rising asset yields coming as a result of further increases in short-term interest rates initiated by the federal reserve combined with a manageable pace of deposit price increases. Credit improved from the already strong level seen over the past three years with net charge-offs as a percentage of loans the lowest since 1987. While loan growth did not meet our expectations, that subdued growth enabled us to return the excess capital we generated back to our shareholders. For the year, M&T repurchased $2.2 billion of common stock and paid $508 million of common dividends to our shareholders. That resulted in a 146% payout ratio for the year. The repurchase program resulted in a 5.5% decline in average diluted shares for the full-year of 2018 when compared with 2017. Now let's look at the specifics for the fourth quarter. Diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $3.76 for the fourth quarter of 2018, improved from $3.53 in the third quarter of 2018 and $2.01 in the fourth quarter of 2017. Net income for the quarter was $546 million compared with $526 million in the linked quarter and $322 million in the year-ago quarter. On a GAAP basis, M&T's fourth quarter results produced an annualized rate of return on average assets of 1.84% and an annualized return on average common equity of 14.8%. This compares with rates of 1.8% and 14.08% respectively in the previous quarter. Included in the GAAP results in the recent quarter were after-tax expenses from the amortization of intangible assets amounting to $4 million or $0.03 per common share, down slightly from the prior quarter. Consistent with our long-term practice, M&T provides supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis from which we have only ever excluded the after-tax effect of amortization of intangible assets as well as any gains or expenses associated with mergers and acquisitions when they occur. M&T's net operating income for the fourth quarter, which excludes intangible amortization was $550 million compared with $531 million in the linked quarter and $327 million in 2017's fourth quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $3.79 in the recent quarter compared with $3.56 in the third quarter of 2018 and $2.04 in the fourth quarter of 2017. Net operating income yielded annualized rates of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders' equity of 1.93% and 22.16% in the recent quarter. The comparable returns were 1.89% and 21% in the third quarter of 2018. In accordance with the SEC's guidelines, this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results, including tangible assets and equity. Both GAAP and net operating earnings for the fourth quarters of 2018 and 2017 were impacted by certain noteworthy items. Included in the fourth quarter 2018 results was a $20 million contribution to the M&T Charitable Foundation. That amounted to $15 million after-tax effect or $0.11 per common share. Also included in 2018's fourth quarter was a $15 million reduction in M&T's provision for income taxes, arising from an IRS approved change in tax treatment of certain loan fees which was retroactive to 2017. This also amounted to $0.11 per common share. Included in the fourth quarter of 2017's results were $21 million of realized gains on investment securities, which amounted to $14 million after-tax effect or $0.09 per common share. Also reflected in the fourth quarter of 2017 results was the contribution to the M&T Charitable Foundation of $44 million, which amounted to $27 million after-tax effect or $0.18 per common share. M&T's effective tax rate for 2017's fourth quarter was impacted by the changes to the federal corporate income tax rates. M&T's provision for income taxes for that quarter was increased by approximately $85 million amounting to $0.56 per common share as a result of those tax law changes. As a reminder, the year-over-year comparisons for both GAAP and net operating earnings were impacted by the reduction in federal corporate income taxes for 2018. Turning to the balance sheet and the income statement. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $1.65 billion in the fourth quarter of 2018, up $30 million from the linked quarter. The net interest margin improved to 3.92%, up 4 basis points from 3.88% in the linked quarter. We estimate that the shorter -- excuse me, we estimate that higher short-term interest asset -- interest rates following the fed September and December rate actions, added a benefit to the margin of as much as 6 basis points. Cash interest received on acquired loans combined with a slightly higher level of prepayment fees added an estimated 2 basis points to the fourth quarter margin. A higher average balance of funds placed on deposit with the fed had an estimated 4 basis point dilutive effect on the margin. The higher cash balances were primarily the result of increased trust demand deposits and the continued slow pace of reinvestment of cash flows from investment securities. Average loans increased less than 1% compared with the previous quarter. The ongoing runoff of residential real estate loans primarily acquired Hudson City mortgage loans was more than offset by growth in other loan categories, which increased $754 million or 1.1% from the third quarter. Looking at the loans by category, on an average basis compared with the linked quarter, commercial and industrial loans were about 3% higher than in the prior quarter. This included a $275 million seasonal increase in loans to auto dealers to finance their inventories combined with a $411 million increase in other C&I loans. Commercial real estate loans were down less than 1% compared with the third quarter with modest growth in construction loans offset by a lower level of commercial mortgage loans as a result of paydowns and a decline in loans held for sale. Residential real estate loans which are largely comprised of mortgage loans acquired in the Hudson City transaction continued the expected pace of paydowns. The portfolio declined about 3% consistent with previous quarters. Consumer loans were up 2% with growth in indirect auto and recreation finance loans outpacing continuing declines in home equity lines and loans. Regionally, in addition to the multi-region seasonal rebound in floor plan lending, Pennsylvania and our Metro region, which includes New York City, Philadelphia, and Tarrytown, realized the strongest growth in C&I loans. New Jersey was the bright spot for CRE loans. Average core customer deposits, which exclude deposits received at M&T's Cayman Islands Office and CDs over $250,000 were up about 4% annualized compared with the third quarter. The higher levels of trust demand deposits I mentioned previously were the primary driver of the increase. Turning to noninterest income. Noninterest income totaled $481 million in the fourth quarter compared with $459 million in the prior quarter. The quarter's results included $4 million of security valuation gains on our remaining portfolio of GSE preferred stock compared with the $3 million loss in the third quarter. Mortgage banking revenues were $92 million in the recent quarter compared with $88 million in the linked quarter. Residential mortgage loans originated for sale were $412 million in the quarter, down about 24% compared with the third quarter. A decline in origination revenues was partially offset by higher residential servicing fees attributable to a subservicing portfolio we on boarded during the third quarter. Total residential mortgage banking revenues including both origination and servicing activities were $57 million compared with $59 million in the prior quarter. Commercial mortgage banking revenues were $35 million in the fourth quarter, up from $29 million in the linked quarter. Trust income was $135 million in the recent quarter, up slightly from $134 million in the previous quarter and up 4% from $130 million in 2017's fourth quarter. New business generation continues to be strong, while the weakness in equity markets during the quarter was a modest headwind. Service charges on deposit accounts were $109 million essentially unchanged from the prior quarter. Trading and FX gains were $17 million, improved by $11 million from the prior quarter largely reflecting customer interest rate swap activity coming as a result of the improved pace of commercial lending. Turning to expenses. Operating expenses for the fourth quarter which exclude the amortization of intangible assets were $797 million. As I mentioned earlier, the fourth quarter's operating expenses reflected a $20 million contribution to the M&T Charitable Foundation. Excluding the contribution, operating expenses increased by $7 million from $770 million in 2018's third quarter. That increase reflects higher salaries and benefits attributable to one additional working day during the quarter and increased incentive compensation expense arising from last year's solid financial performance. The remaining expense categories in aggregate were essentially flat with the prior quarter with the elimination of the FDIC's large bank surcharge being partially offset by higher other cost of operations. The efficiency ratio, which excludes intangible amortization from the numerator and securities gains or losses from the denominator of which does include the charitable contribution was 51.7% in the recent quarter, increased slightly from 51.4% in the previous quarter. The ratio was 54.7% in 2017's fourth quarter. Next, let's turn to credit. Our credit quality continues to be largely in line with the trend seen over the past few quarters, indeed, consistent with the trend seen over the past few years. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were 17 basis points for the fourth quarter of 2018 compared with 7 basis points in the third quarter. Recall that the third quarter's results included a sizable $13 million recovery on a previously charged-off CRE loan. The provision for credit losses was $38 million in the recent quarter, essentially matching net charge-offs. The allowance for credit losses was $1 billion at the end of December and the ratio of the allowance to total loans was 1.15% at the end of 2018. Nonaccrual loans increased by $23 million at December 31 compared with the end of the prior quarter. The ratio of nonaccrual loans to total loans increased by 1 basis point ending the quarter at 1.01%. We did see a rise in criticized loans during the quarter, primarily driven by a couple of large loans with unique circumstances. Loans 90 days past due on which we continue to accrue interest excluding acquired loans that have been marked to a fair value discounted acquisition were $223 million at the end of the quarter. Of these loans, $192 million or 86% are guaranteed by government related entities. Turning to capital. M&T's common equity Tier 1 ratio was an estimated 10.13% compared with 10.46% at the end of the third quarter. The decline reflects retention -- the decline reflects earnings retention during the fourth quarter, share repurchases and the impact of the improved loan growth, which in turn led to higher end of period risk-weighted assets. M&T repurchased $500 million of its common stock during the quarter. As noted earlier, for the full-year of 2018, M&T repurchased 12.3 million shares of its common stock valued at $2.2 billion and paid $508 million of common dividends to our shareholders. This resulted in a 146% payout ratio for the year. Next I’d like to take a moment to cover the key highlights of 2018's full-year results. GAAP based diluted earnings per common share were $12.74, up 46% from $8.70 in 2017. Net income was $1.92 billion improved from $1.41 billion in the prior year. These results produced returns on average assets and average common equity of 1.64% and 12.82%, respectively. Net operating income, which excludes intangible amortization was $1.94 billion improved from $1.43 billion in the prior year. Diluted net operating income per common share was $12.86, also up 46% from $8.82 in 2017. Net operating income for 2018 expressed as a rate of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders' equity was 1.72% and 19.09%, respectively. We note that the full-year improvement in GAAP and net operating earnings included a sizable benefit from lower U.S corporate tax rates. However, the year-over-year improvement notwithstanding lower taxes was significant. Pre-tax GAAP and net operating income both improved by 8%, while diluted common shares outstanding declined by 5.5% as a result of the repurchase activity. Now turning to the outlook. Looking forward into 2019, our outlook is fairly consistent with the one we shared on this call last January. While GDP growth may slow from the pace seen in 2018, we still expect it to be at a level consistent with the average annual rate of growth seen in the last -- seen since the last recession ended. Unemployment remains very low and both consumer and commercial customers financial positions are healthy. Consumer confidence remains relatively high, although commercial customers are slightly more cautious. In addition, there continues to be measurable progress toward a regulatory approach tailored for banks like M&T. However, with the usual caveat that events never unfold entirely in the manner you expect, here are a few thoughts for the upcoming year. Loans outstanding declined on a full-year average basis in 2018, but were up at the end of 2018 by about one half of 1% from the end of 2017. This reflected a 13% decline in residential mortgage loans offset by 4% aggregate growth in the other loan portfolios. Average total loans for the fourth quarter of 2018 were down about one half of 1% from the fourth quarter of 2017 average with a 13% decline in residential real estate loans offset by aggregate 3% growth in the other portfolios. While as noted, commercial and industrial loan growth in the past quarter was notably stronger than any quarter over the past two years. Paydowns continue to be a wildcard. Our pipeline as we enter 2018 -- 2019 is consistent with or perhaps slightly better than it was at this point last year. The CRE market remains somewhat active, most notably in the multifamily and healthcare sectors. As was the case in 2018, CRE loan growth for the coming year will be dictated by the rate at which existing construction projects are funded, demand for new construction financing, as well as for permanent financing and construction project -- as construction projects reach completion. We expect continued runoff of the residential real estate portfolio likely at a consistent low double-digit pace. Although the dollar amount of the decline will continue to lessen as that portfolio gets smaller. And we continue to see attractive pricing in underwriting standards in the consumer area. Given these trends, our expectation for 2019 is that average total loans will grow on a full-year basis at a low single-digit pace. If the improved pace of C&I lending that M&T experienced in the fourth quarter continues, including slower paydowns, we could exceed that rate. As has been the case, since the Fed began to raise interest rates in late 2015, our outlook for the net interest margin is dependent on for the rate actions. A flat scenario should still lead to some expansion of the margin from 3.92% in the fourth quarter as the benefit from last year September and December Fed actions extended over a full calendar year. Any future rate actions by the Fed in 2019 should they occur, will potentially offer further moderate upside. Deposit pricing reactivity remains an area of focus and appears likely to be somewhat higher than in the past. As the Fed slows or halts its pace of short-term rate increases, there is a likelihood the deposit pricing pressures will continue for a period of time. That outlook excludes the potential impact from cash balances brought in through Wilmington Trust, which usually have an impact on the reported margin, but would have a lesser incremental effect on revenue. The level of cash on deposit at the Fed was higher at year-end than the average for the fourth quarter. Based on the current level of interest rates and reflecting the impact of the interest rate hedges we entered into last year, our estimate for a hypothetical future 25 basis point increase in short-term interest rates will bring a more modest benefit to the net interest margin that we’ve seen previously, perhaps in the area of 2 to 4 basis points. This embeds a series of assumptions on result on deposit pricing reactivity. Based on those balance in margin assumptions, we expect year-over-year growth in net interest income. The higher interest rate environment will likely continue to challenge residential mortgage banking in 2018, specifically with respect to residential mortgage loan originations. As we've noted previously, we have the capacity and appetite for additional owned MSR servicing or subservicing business. This could offer a potential offset to slower originations. The outlook for the remaining fee businesses remains consistent with our experience in 2018 with growth in the low single-digit range with the exception of trust revenues, which have been growing in a mid single-digit or better pace. Excluding the $135 million addition to the litigation reserve from full-year 2018's operating expenses, we expect low nominal growth in total operating expenses for 2019 over last year. As is our usual practice, we budget for modest positive operating leverage based on our revenue outlook. This includes the full-year benefit approximately $40 million from the elimination of the FDIC surcharge. We would remind you that we expect our usual seasonal increase in salaries and benefits in the first quarter of 2019, which primarily reflects annual equity incentive compensation as well as a handful of other items. Last year that increase was approximately $56 million. In each of the first quarter's of 2017 and 2018, we realized the benefit to our provision for income taxes when prior year equity grants vested at stock prices higher than the price at the grant date. At current levels, unless there's a meaningful rally in our stock price, we wouldn't expect a similar benefit in 2019's first quarter. Our outlook for credit remains balanced. We just completed our 5th consecutive year of net charge-off experience below 20 basis points. For each of the past four years, we’ve cautioned that the trend can't continue and that losses will tick upward, although not approaching long-term averages. I'll reiterate that outlook this year. Eventually I will get this right. There continue to be some modest pressures on nonperforming and criticized loans, but there are no apparent weaknesses in particular industries or geographies. Regarding taxes, our outlook for the effective tax rate for 2018 in the range of 25% to 26% proved to be conservative. An approximate rate of 25% is more appropriate for 2019, unless some discrete items occur during the coming year. As to capital, while the Fed implements its amended capital and stress testing rules for banks of our size, we will continue to execute our 2018 capital plan through the end of this year's second quarter. We expect final rules from the Fed in time for our 2019 capital plan. We expect to continue to manage our capital levels towards the lower end of our peer group as we believe our consistent approach to underwriting credit and the resultant low earnings volatility argues for maintaining our capital levels towards the lower end of that range maintained by our peers. Of course as you’re aware, our projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events and other macroeconomic factors which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. Now let's open the call to questions, before which Laurie will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe of Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe: Great. Thanks. Good morning.
Darren King: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zerbe: I guess, maybe just starting off in terms of the very strong growth that we saw in C&I lending this quarter. Presumably some of the -- some of that seasonal like the auto dealer piece that you mentioned, but when you think about like going into 2019 or even where we stand today, is the environment changing? Is the dialogue with borrowers getting meaningfully better or is there something particularly unusual with this quarter that may slow in future quarters? Thanks.
Darren King: Sure. So there was normal seasonal uptick in our auto floor plan balances, which we had talked about on the third quarter call, that also benefited from a couple of large relationships that we on boarded during the quarter. So we would expect that number to stay around where it is at least for the first two quarters of the year. When we look outside of floor plan and we look at other C&I lending, we typically see a little bit more activity in the fourth quarter than we do in the other quarters, because year-end tends to drive things to completion. But when we look across industries and we look across geographies, it was broad-based, the uptick, which for us was encouraging and that it wasn't one sector or one geography driving the growth. And so I think there's -- I would say there's comfort from our customers perspective in the economy, but still a little bit of trepidation. And we’re hopeful that the dialogue that we saw in the fourth quarter continues into the first and second and through the year, but I guess remains to be seen, it's tough to draw conclusions off of just one quarter. And as we look underneath, we continue to see solid activity as it regards to payoffs and paydowns. And so it was really new originations that drove a lot of the growth in the quarter. And as we enter 2019 the pipelines are reasonably consistent, maybe even slightly above where they were last year. So, we're guardedly optimistic about the C&I in 2019.
Ken Zerbe: All right, great. And then just my other question I had, in terms of the trust demand deposits, obviously is non-interest-bearing grew quite a bit this quarter, which is great. How sustainable are those or what's the typical pattern, if there is a typical pattern for those? Thanks.
Darren King: Sure. So you’re right. Trust demand deposits were up sizably in the fourth quarter. We often see a little seasonality in those balances as well towards the end of the year. At least we’ve seen -- we saw that I think two years ago. Many of those will leave the balance sheet in the first quarter. Those tend to fluctuate depending on market activity that's going on. So we expect those will be down closer to the levels that we saw in the third and second quarters of 2018 as we enter the first half of 2019.
Ken Zerbe: Okay, perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pancari of Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Darren King: Good morning, John.
John Pancari: On the -- back to the loan growth, regarding the fourth quarter trends, how much of a impact did you see in the quarter on the commercial side from the capital markets drying up a bit in December? And then separately, just trying to think about how to model out that commercial growth, would you say that 6% end of period year-over-year growth that you saw in commercial is something that could tail off a little bit from that? And is that baked into your guidance or could it be back towards the low single-digit range? Thanks.
Darren King: So when we look at C&I in the fourth quarter, I guess starting with the question about the capital markets, we did see a little bit of freeze up in some of the capital markets activity. But it didn't seem to affect our payoffs and paydowns levels in the fourth quarter. So my take on that is that many of the funds that are supplying credit that are nonbanks still had money and they were still lending and that any of the activity that was going on would have been new money that would have gone into the funds that isn't yet spoken for, except at the larger end of the customer range which is typically above where we would compete. When we look at the growth in the fourth quarter, as I mentioned, there always is a little bit of extra activity that seems to happen in the fourth quarter. So 6% to me feels really high and we're not anticipating that rate of growth would continue in 2019. We expect that to come down, we also expect to see some balances come off the balance sheet in the first half of the year. And so we're a little bit more moderated on our outlook for commercial balance growth in the year, closer to kind of the low single-digit growth that we've been talking about all the way along.
John Pancari: Got it. Okay. That’s helpful. And then, separately on the operating leverage side, I know you indicated that you still expect operating leverage for 2019. We saw, I guess on what we view is a core basis, maybe 350 to 400 basis points positive operating leverage for 2018. What type of -- what magnitude of leverage do you think we could see as you look at 2019?
Darren King: So when we talk about operating leverage, I guess it's important to make sure that we're all on the same page and what we're talking about and seeing. So when we talk about modest positive operating leverage, we exclude from the year-over-year calculations the $135 million that we added to the litigation reserve in 2018's first quarter. If you're looking on a GAAP basis then expenses will be down, but when you factor that out which we do, then we expect some modest expense growth even factoring in the FDIC, but we expect revenue growth to be slightly above that. And so we will expect some modest operating leverage obviously depending on rates that could be hot more or less, but based on as we look forward right now we think it's slightly positive.
John Pancari: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Alexopoulos of JPMorgan.
Steven Alexopoulos: Hey, good morning, Darren.
Darren King: Good morning.
Steven Alexopoulos: I want to start on the NIM. So it's pretty fair you guys will benefit in the first quarter from the December hike, but given your comments for December deposit pressures to persist, the Fed does go on hold, how do you think NIM progresses for the rest of the year?
Darren King: So as we look forward right now, we think the first quarter NIM gets a little bit of benefit as we mentioned before from the full impact of the hike in December. And then you got to remember, I guess, there's a couple of things. We expect some of the cash balances to come down, so those impact the margin and will impact it positively as well as the day count in the first quarter also help the margin. So with those three factors, we're expecting an increase in the margin in the first quarter. From there when we look forward with no further actions by the Fed, we would expect to kind of be within a couple of basis points plus or minus of where we are in the first quarter through the rest of the year. And then, the question is obviously how the market reacts from a deposit pricing perspective in absence of any Fed increases. Typically deposit pricing continues for little bit after the Fed stops and so we're anticipating some of that. The caveat which I think is a little bit different is for many banks. They’ve got excess securities balances that we can look to, given the change in LCR that we anticipate from the new regulations and always the question is how loan growth behaves. And if it continues like the fourth quarter for everyone and probably be a little more deposit pricing pressure if it comes back to where we've seen in the first three quarters of the year then there is probably a little bit less pressure. So I know that gives you lots of things to think about and lot of things that are on our minds. So it's not exactly a straightforward question.
Steven Alexopoulos: That certainly helps. And then regarding the strong growth in C&I, quite a few other banks are pointing to customers using their cash balances right to fund expansion too. Can you give us a sense if we put the impact from the trust related deposits aside, like what did you see in noninterest bearing deposits this quarter? Thanks.
Darren King: Yes. So if you hold trust demand inside, our non-interest-bearing for the quarter was flat to maybe slightly down. And if you look underneath, there's some seasonality in non-interest-bearing balances that we see at M&T because of the commercial, the magnitude of the commercial noninterest-bearing that we hold and typically the commercial customers will hold deposits through the end of the year into January in anticipation of making distributions to their principles and paying taxes. So we also typically see a little bit of an outflow of noninterest bearing in the first quarter in the commercial side for those reasons and then they slowly grow over the course of the year. So, outside of trust, we are actually encouraged by the non-interest-bearing that we saw in the fourth quarter.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. But are you also seeing customers use noninterest bearing deposits of fund expansion?
Darren King: Yes, we're seeing some of that. We're also seeing them use their lines as a way to fund growth as well. I guess my take on it is the behavior. They got the line and rates are still relatively low. So they will fund something on the line and then make a decision about making it into more permanent term debt or using their cash to eliminate it. And so we’ve seen a little bit, but not a ton of use of the cash to invest. We've seen more if we see cash flowing out of accounts, it tends to be going from non-interest-bearing into interest-bearing accounts either on balance sheet or off.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay, great. Thanks for all the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Wellesley of Loomis Sayles.
Julian Wellesley: I have a question about middle-market lending competition. In the past you talked about frothiness in this area in terms of spreads or terms and conditions. How are you seeing things now?
Darren King: I don't think we've seen a material decrease in the competitiveness of the lending environment. I think we saw as an industry in the fourth quarter a couple of things. I think we saw a lot of activity that was pent up, that was trying to get done by the end of the year as well as maybe a slight pause in the nonbank markets, but as I mentioned before, we didn’t see a material slowdown in payoffs and paydowns. Pricing has been dropping. When we look at our pricing and spreads for the last couple of quarters, they seemed to have leveled off. So our take on that is that it was the impact of the tax reform, kind of working its way through pricing and it seems to have stabilized. And really when we see changes we were seeing, we continue to see covenant light things up there. If we see things on structure, we are seeing longer interest-only periods and maybe slight moves up in LTVs, but it was minor. So from our perspective the fourth quarter, it didn't get worse, but it didn’t really get better.
Julian Wellesley: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: Hi. Good morning. I wanted to ask, Darren, a little bit more about the flexibility on the securities portfolio if you didn't have to adhere to LCR. I'm wondering if you could help us understand what the potential yield benefit would be or would you shrink your balance sheet and that would still be spread accretive?
Darren King: So within the securities portfolio, I think if you look at what our securities portfolio is today, it's still higher than where we were before liquidity coverage ratio became a requirement. And so, we will never take that down to zero because we do want that liquidity, but there's an option to look at that as one source to fund loan growth. And given the spreads here on securities versus the spreads on loans, shifting that mix would be a positive for our margin. If you look at what we've been doing with that book over the last few quarters as longer dated mortgage-backed securities of paydown, we've held that money in cash or invested in short-term treasuries just given where the rate environment has been. But we look -- we don’t have a specific plan for that portfolio this year per se, but we consider it amongst our options versus overnight funding versus brokered deposits versus bank debt and obviously customer deposit growth as an avenue to fund loan growth. And we're always thinking about the impact on the duration of the balance sheet as well as the cost of funds as we consider all those options.
Erika Najarian: Thank you for that. And just as a follow-up, as we think about the revenue outlook for 2019, if somehow it falls a little short of your budget, is there flex in your expense outlook or expense budget to be able to create positive operating leverage even if the revenue outlook is a little bit softer than what we're expecting today?
Darren King: Sure. Great question. I think the positive operating leverage comment, there's a number of things that could impact that. The biggest one is what happens with rates with the Fed and if they turn from raising to decline. If rates stay flat then we should be okay on positive operating leverage. But to answer your question, there is some flex in our expenses. It doesn't happen -- it doesn't turn on a dime, but over the course of a couple of quarters there are things that we have an ability to do to manage the pace of the expense growth. But we’re going to balance that off against the investments that we're making for the long-term of the bank. And if we have to sacrifice a little bit of operating leverage in the short-term to make the investments we need to for the bank for the future, we’re not going to worry about that too much.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And just one last question on the deposit repricing delay. How many quarters typically does it take after the last fed rate hike in terms of the repricing for the repricing to cease or significantly die down?
Darren King: If you use the past as an indication of the future, it's usually two to three quarters that can continue, but it also depends on what the reactivity has been up to that point. And so there's a lot of things that go into that and then the other question of course is how much loan demand is there and need for those funds. So that's kind of what we've seen in the past. I think there's reason to believe that there are couple of differences, one positive and one negative to that history in the current environment. But that’s kind of what we’ve seen in the past.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Winter of Wedbush.
Peter Winter: Good morning, Darren.
Darren King: Good morning, Peter.
Peter Winter: I wanted to ask about credit quality. Obviously, it's very strong, but you’ve got nonperforming assets that increased a little bit two quarters in a row, you mentioned the criticized loans increasing. I’m just wondering if you can just give a little bit color there? And then, secondly, with the outlook for better loan growth next year or 2019, would you expect to start adding to reserves?
Darren King: Sure. So, I guess I started at the high-level and look at delinquency and where delinquency trends have been. We haven't seen anything that that gives us cause for concern in any of the books. We've seen a little bit of an increase as you noted in year-end in nonperformers and the allowance. Actually the allowance is pretty flat in nonperformers. And when we look under the covers of what's going on there, we continue to not really see any particular industry as it relates to C&I, any particular class of real estate as it relates to CRE, any particular geography from a consumer perspective that causes us concern. Now that said, where M&T and we’re paranoid. So we’re going back through the book again, to see if there's anything that we're missing. But generally as we’ve gone through the nonperformers, there are also couple of larger nonperformers in couple of larger criticize that we -- that I mentioned before, they’re very specific situations. So we’re comfortable with where things are, but we're M&T, so we are paranoid.
Peter Winter: Okay. And then just the -- possibly adding to reserves with a better outlook for loan growth this year?
Darren King: Yes, I mean, obviously we go through our allowance every quarter. And we've got a process that we follow every quarter looking at the grades of our loans and the charge-off rates and obviously we’ve a little higher loan growth that would be reasonable to expect that the provision would go up with it.
Peter Winter: Got it. Thanks, Darren.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Elliott of Autonomous Research.
Jeffrey Elliott: Hello. Thanks for taking the question. Another one on those criticized loans. Can you give us a bit more of a sense of the magnitude of the increase, just to give us a feel for how significant or not significant it is? And then, anything on the industry or types of loans, any kind of color around those that will be helpful? Thanks.
Darren King: Sure. It's going to be a couple of hundred million dollar increase in the quarter compared to third quarter. And within there, there's two or three large loans over $50 million that we've got our eye on. And it's a variety of industry and various different reasons why. In one case, we've got a company that has a debt service coverage ratio that got a little close to our trigger, but when we look at that company and we look through its income statement and we work with them, we can see that they’ve opportunities to change their expense profile and rectify that situation. When we look at another one, we see some excessive leverage that was helped by some of the non-bank financials. So, there's a story to each one and there are paths for them to not remain on that criticized list, but because we're doing our work and we’re watching what's going on, we put them on that list to make sure that we pay attention to it and try to keep them from becoming defaults.
Jeffrey Elliott: Understood. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Frank Schiraldi of Sandler O'Neill.
Frank Schiraldi: Good morning.
Darren King: Good morning.
Frank Schiraldi: Just one question. Just on the -- this might be splitting hairs, Darren, but just in terms of the December rate hike that we already got, you talked about 2 to 4 basis points of benefit and if we get any additional rate hikes perhaps in 2019. And in the past you guys talked about 5 to 8 bps I think of benefit. So just wondering if December rate hike the benefit you’re likely to get in the first quarter from it, is that somewhere in between or is the 2 to 4 bps a good number to use there?
Darren King: That’s not a bad number to use, because we’ve gotten some benefit of it already, right, and we’ve talked about 5 to 8 before. So that’s probably a good number to use.
Frank Schiraldi: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Hi, Darren. How are you?
Darren King: Good. How are you, Gerard?
Gerard Cassidy: Good. Thank you. On your C&I loan growth that you saw this quarter, when you look at it, what percentage of it came from existing customers versus new customers that you won in the quarter?
Darren King: It's a great question. If you look at our loan book, we generally get the majority of our loan growth from our existing customers just because on a percentage basis of the portfolio that's where a lot of the growth comes from. We did see some new customer adds, particularly in New Jersey. We noted New Jersey as a strong growth market. I will remind everyone once again that it continues to be basically a de novo, so it's of a small base, but it was a really nice add in terms of what we refer to as prospect convergence in the quarter. But when you look in aggregate, the bulk tends to come from the existing customer base.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then speaking of New Jersey, I think you said in your opening remarks you saw some good commercial real estate loan growth in New Jersey. Was that construction or mortgage -- commercial real estate term mortgage? And just what types of properties were you able to finance?
Darren King: So I don't have the specifics for New Jersey on those ones, Gerard, but the trend we saw in the quarter have seen for much of the year is activity in multifamily and in hotel space. So I would expect that in New Jersey we saw some of that, but just given our presence in New Jersey and the fact that we are growing out, I think it's a little bit broader that we would see some permanent mortgage business there as well.
Gerard Cassidy: And then lastly, obviously M&T has always distinguish itself on your ability to manage your capital, very effectively, granted the post financial crisis has changed that a bit. But once you come out of CCAR, what are the advantages that you guys are thinking you are going to have in terms of managing your capital, once you don’t have to go through the annual CCAR test?
Darren King: So we’re still waiting for final word on what all of this is going to mean, both in terms of what the process is with the regulators as well as whether the new stress capital buffer framework comes into effect. I guess, what -- we’re hopeful for is that we start to end up in a place a little bit like the LCR or where the LCR seems to be evolving and that its part of your normal supervisory process that you’re reviewing your position with the regulators, but you have a little bit more flexibility to manage that part of the balance sheet without some of the specifics of what you can do and how much you can do in any given time period. And I think we just look for the ability to be able to deploy our shareholders capital either into customer growth, if they need support and we want to be there to provide lending to help them grow their businesses. And when they're not able to do that, we want to be able to take that capital that we can't put to use in the business and return to the shareholders and kind of not have as many restrictions on how much we can return in any quarter that we can be a little bit more dynamic in how we manage the balance sheet.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matt O'Connor: Hi. Good morning.
Darren King: Good morning.
Matt O'Connor: Just wonder if you could talk about how other bank CEOs are thinking about the stocks, the environment. Obviously, you have a lot of capital you’ve been acquired in the past, just wondering if a selloff in stocks and [indiscernible] assets in general and increased macro concerns maybe bring up some people to the table or think a little bit differently than say 3, 6 months ago?
Darren King: So, I guess I haven't spent a lot of time with other bank CEOs to know exactly what they’re thinking. But when you look at the market and what’s happened with bank stocks and with multiples, the whole industry is rerated down basically together. I think, we had a better December than some others did, but we’re still all relatively down. So for someone to think about selling or for acquisition that to work its about the difference between the buyer and the seller in some cases and the relative differences hasn't changed from what it was a few months ago. And I don't think we've heard too much where people are capitulating and thinking that the world is coming to an end and it's time to sell my bank.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Spahr of Wells Fargo.
Christopher Spahr: Hi. Thank you. The treating line item, a pretty good pickup quarter actually compared to actually the last few years on a quarterly basis and you attributed to a pickup in C&I lending. Given your commentary on C&I lending going forward or just loan growth going forward, do you think that trading is a lot sustainable or will you kind of revert back to what we’ve seen in the last few years in trading?
Darren King: Yes, the trading tends to go and locks that with originations. And it's not just C&I lending originations that happened to have a big impact on the balance sheet this quarter, but originations continued in the quarter in both CRE and C&I, and both of those sectors will use swaps to manage their interest rate risk. And so the trading account should move in lockstep with loan origination activity, and so that moves up or down the trading revenue should move up or down as well.
Christopher Spahr: And just as a follow-up, the other commentary on fee revenues excluding kind of the trust, if that takes into account kind of that -- kind of outlook, correct?
Darren King: Yes.
Christopher Spahr: Right. Thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Brian Klock of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Brian Klock: Hey, good morning, Darren.
Darren King: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Klock: So I wanted to kind of follow-up on maybe you had a discussion earlier about some of the LCR and sort of thoughts going forward and managing your liquidity. I guess, looking at page 14 in your press release and the year-over-year '18 versus '17, the securities portfolio has come down quite a bit since 2017?
Darren King: Yes.
Brian Klock: And just thinking about it now and on an end of period basis at the end of the year, it's even below the fourth quarter average of $13 billion. So, I know you’ve had deposit runoff to some Hudson City time deposits etcetera. I guess, how do you think about that level of the securities portfolio in 2018? Do you think this is -- I guess, you got to use this just with other hedging and other telco strategies, but is this an area where this will grow from here or this where do you think it might stabilize at on the security side?
Darren King: Sure. So on that page, Brian, when we look at securities and the portfolio, we look at it in combination with the top line there, interest-bearing deposits at banks or cash asset [ph]. And when we have been seeing payoffs and paydowns of the securities portfolio, depending on where rates were, we've been holding some of that in cash because the rate were getting in cash is within 10 or 15 basis points of what you could get at one year treasuries. And within our securities portfolio, it's kind of had a bit of a barbell, if you will, between at mortgage-backed securities being kind of longer dated for rate and then the shorter end to manage duration. And so we've been just allowing some of the securities portfolio to go into cash and that's why you see some of those cash balances increasing. Some of it was absolutely because of growth in trust demand, but some of it is also just shifting between securities and cash. And so, if you look at the combined, they are down a little bit, but it's not as quite as dramatic as what the securities might look like on its own.
Brian Klock: Got it. So if I think about average earning assets in '19 versus '18, so that anything outside of loans whether it's the interest-bearing deposit Fed fund security, that’s going to be around maybe $19 billion on average which has seems like it's been in the last two years. So the earning asset growth could be higher than whatever you put into loan growth will grow your earning assets from the 106.8 that you had for 2018.
Darren King: Maybe, maybe not. So you could see switch between categories, right. You could see just within the loan book switch between mortgage versus the other categories because of that continued run down and then within the asset -- on the asset side of the balance sheet between securities and loan. So aggregate earning asset growth would -- might be flat to slightly down, depending on how we choose to fund some of the loan growth.
Brian Klock: Okay. And just a real follow -- quick follow-up question on the fee income guidance. So when you talked about the trust being mid single-digit, because there's a good momentum in that business. So would the mortgage banking be included with all the other in that low single-digit guide or is mortgage banking expected to be a little softer because some of the headwinds on originations?
Darren King: It's included with everything else.
Brian Klock: Okay. Thanks for your time, Darren.
Darren King: Sure, Brian.
Operator: Thank you. I will now return the call to Don MacLeod for any additional or closing remarks.
Don MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, if clarification on any of the items on the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department at area code 716-842-5138.
Operator: Thank you for participating in the M&T Bank's fourth quarter and full-year 2018 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-17 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Don MacLeod - Director, IR Darren King - CFO
Analysts: Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley Matt O'Connor - Deutsche Bank John Pancari - Evercore Frank Schiraldi - Sandler O'Neill Ken Usdin - Jefferies Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan Gerard Cassidy - RBC Saul Martinez - UBS Brian Klock - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Christopher Spahr - Wells Fargo Kevin Barker - Piper Jaffrey
Operator: Welcome to the M&T Bank Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Don MacLeod, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Don MacLeod: Thank you, Maria, and good morning, everyone. I’d like to thank you all for participating in M&T’s third quarter 2018 earnings conference call both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website, www.mtb.com, and by clicking on the Investor Relations link and then on the Events and Presentations link. Also, before we start, I’d like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on forms 8-K, 10-K, and 10-Q, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now, I would like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, Darren King.
Darren King: Thank you, Don, and good morning, everyone. We were quite pleased with M&T’s results for the third quarter, which we characterized as strong in this morning’s press release. Some highlights from the quarter include continued growth in net interest income, both on a linked quarter and a year-over-year basis; fee revenues that remained steady with softness in mortgage banking and trust income seasonality being offset by higher commercial loan fees; well-controlled expenses, notwithstanding the steps we’re taking to invest some of the savings from tax reform into higher compensation for certain employees; and credit performance that is stable to a point beyond our expectations with the current run-rate of credit losses benefitting from a sizable recovery this quarter. These higher levels of profitability, both preprovision and aftertax afford M&T many opportunities to deploy capital, including through the return of capital to our shareholders. During the quarter, we increased the quarterly common stock dividend by 25% to $1 per share per quarter and repurchased nearly $500 million of M&T common stock. Now, let’s look at the specific numbers. Diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $3.53 for the third quarter of 2018, improved from $3.26 in the second quarter of 2018 and $2.21 in the third quarter of 2017. Net income for the quarter was $526 million, up from $493 million in the linked quarter and $356 million in the year ago quarter. On a GAAP basis, M&T’s third quarter results produced an annualized rate of return on average assets of 1.8% and an annualized return on average common equity of 14.08%. This compares with rates of 1.70% and 13.32% respectively in the previous quarter. Included in GAAP results in the recent quarter were after-tax expenses from the amortization of intangible assets amounting to $5 million or $0.03 per common share, little change from the prior quarter. Consistent with our long-term practice, M&T provides supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis, from which we have only ever excluded the after-tax effect of amortization of intangible assets, as well as any gains or expenses associated with mergers and acquisitions when they occur. M&T’s net operating income for the third quarter, which excludes intangible amortization, was $531 million, up from $498 million in the linked quarter and $361 million in last year’s third quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $3.56 for the recent quarter, up from $3.29 in 2018 second quarter and $2.24 in the third quarter of 2017. Net operating income yielded annualized rates of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders’ equity of 1.89% and 21% for the recent quarter. The comparable returns were 1.79% and 19.91% in the second quarter of 2018. In accordance with the SEC’s guidelines, this morning’s press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP including tangible assets and equity. As a reminder, the year-over-year comparisons for both GAAP and net operating earnings are impacted by the reduction in the federal income tax rates for 2018 and beyond with M&T’s effective tax rate for the first three quarters of 2018 some 12 percentage points lower in 2017. Recall that both GAAP and net operating earnings for the third quarter of 2017 were impacted by a non-deductible $44 million payment to the U.S. Department of Justice that related to matters at Wilmington Trust Corporation prior to its acquisition by M&T and a $50 million addition to M&T’s reserve for litigation matters. Net of tax impacts, these actions reduced net income by $48 million or $0.31 of diluted earnings per common share in that quarter. GAAP pretax income in the recent quarter improved by 10% from the year-ago quarter, excluding the prior year’s increase to the reserve litigation. Turning to the balance sheet and income statement. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $1.03 billion in the third quarter of 2018, up $20 million from the previous quarter. The comparison with the prior quarter reflects an expansion of net interest margin to 3.88%, up 5 basis points from 3.83% in the linked quarter, combined with the impact from one additional accrual day in the recent quarter. The primary driver of the wider net interest margin was the further increase in short-term interest rates arising from the Fed’s June and September rate actions, lifting overall asset yields. A big difference between this quarter and the prior two was the relationship between the Fed funds rate and short-term LIBOR. That spread widened to a lesser extent than in recent quarters, resulting in a margin improvement, consistent with our previous estimates. Average loans declined by $274 million or less than 0.5% compared with the previous quarter. As has been the case for the past several quarters, the continued planned runoff of the mortgage loan portfolio acquired with Hudson City was the main factor. The other higher yielding loan categories grew about 0.5% in the aggregate. Looking at the loans by category, on an average basis compared with the linked quarter, commercial and industrial loans were essentially flat compared with the linked quarter with the usual seasonal third quarter slowdown in dealer floor plan balances, offsetting growth in others C&I loans. Commercial real estate loans were also effectively flat compared with the second quarter. As noted, residential real estate loans continued the expected pace of pay down. That portfolio declined by some 3% or approximately 14% annualized, consistent with previous quarters. Consumer loans were up about 2%. Continued strength in recreation finance loans complemented modest growth in indirect auto loans. The ongoing longer term trend of softness in home equity lines and loans continued to offset the gains in the indirect portfolios. Regionally, the pace of commercial loan growth is fairly consistent with no particular region standing out, either positively or negatively. The notable exception is New Jersey where we’re seeing decent growth over what remains a modest base. On an end of period basis, loans declined some $1.1 billion are just over 1% compared to the previous quarter. Excluding residential mortgage loans, the other loan categories declined by about $500 million in the aggregate, which was almost entirely due to a decline in commercial mortgage loans held for sale at September 30th, compared with June 30th. Average earning assets also declined by about 0.5%, or about -- excuse me, $376 million, which includes the $274 million decline in average loans. Average investment securities declined by $425 million, notwithstanding the fact that we did purchase from short duration trip treasury securities during the quarter. Average core customer deposits which exclude deposits received at M&T’s Cayman Islands office, CDs over $250,000 and brokered deposits declined an estimated 2% compared to the second quarter. This primarily reflects the decline in commercial escrow deposits, as noted in prior quarters, as well as a seasonal decline in municipal money market balances. Average time deposit balances declined by 3%, a slower pace than in recent years. The increase in market rates has contributed to higher growth in long duration CDs, while the runoff of acquired Hudson City time deposit balances continues to slow. Turning to non-interest income. Non-interest income totaled $459 million in the third quarter compared with $457 million in the prior quarter. Mortgage banking revenues were $88 million in the recent quarter compared with $92 million in the linked quarter. Residential mortgage loans originated for sale were $545 million in the quarter, down about 15% from the second quarter. Total residential mortgage banking revenues including origination and servicing activities were $59 million, down very slightly from $61 million in the prior quarter. During the third quarter, we entered into a subservicing contract which brought an additional $9 billion of servicing assets. We expect to see the full run-rate benefit to mortgage banking revenues from this contract during the fourth quarter. Commercial mortgage banking revenues were $29 million in the third quarter compared with $31 million in the linked quarter, reflecting some of the same pressures on loan margins that balance sheet lenders are seeing. Trust income was $134 million in the recent quarter, compared with $138 million in the previous quarter and 7% above the $125 million earned in last year’s third quarter. Recall that results for the second quarter included some $4 million of seasonal fees earned for existing clients in preparing their tax returns, which did not recur in the third quarter. Service charges on deposit accounts were $109 million, improved from $107 million in the second quarter, largely the result of seasonal factors. Losses on investment securities were $3 million in the quarter compared with the $2 million gain in the second quarter. As we’ve noted previously, this volatility comes as the result of changes in the fair value of our GSE preferred stock, which prior to 2018 have been recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income. Included in other revenues are certain categories of commercial loan fees including letter of credit and loan syndication fees, which improved sharply compared to what we saw in both the first and second quarters. Turning to expenses. Operating expenses for the third quarter, which exclude the amortization of intangible assets were $770 million, unchanged from the previous quarter. Salaries and benefits increased by $13 million to $431 million, reflecting in part the impact from our plan to invest a portion of the savings from the lower federal income tax rate towards higher wages for certain employees as well as a modest headcount increase. Other cost of operations declined by approximately $18 million from the second quarter, reflecting in part lower legal related expenses. The efficiency ratio, which excludes intangible amortization from the numerator and securities gains or losses from the denominator, was 51.4% in the recent quarter. That ratio was 52.4% in the previous quarter and 56% in 2017’s third quarter. Next, let’s turn to credit. Credit quality has largely been in line with our expectations. However, this past quarter’s results exceeded even our expectations due to a sizable $13 million recovery on a previously charged off commercial loan. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were 7 basis points for the third quarter, down from 16 basis points in the second quarter. The provision for credit losses was $16 million in the recent quarter, which matched net charge-offs. The allowance for credit losses was unchanged at $1.02 billion at the end of September. The ratio of the allowance to total loans increased slightly to 1.18%, reflecting the lower level of loans at the end of the quarter, as well as the ongoing mix shift in the balance sheet. Nonaccrual loans were $871 million at September 30th, up from $820 million at the end of the second quarter and remaining within the range seen over the past several quarters. The ratio of nonaccrual loans to total loans increased by 7 basis points ending the quarter at exactly 1%, also impacted by lower quarter-end loans balance. Loans 90 days past due on which we continue to accrue interest, excluding acquired loans that have been marked to a fair value discounted acquisition, were $254 million at the end of the recent quarter. Of these loans, $195 million or 77% were guaranteed by government related entities. Turning to capital. M&T’s common equity tier 1 ratio was an estimated 10.44% at the end of the third quarter, compared with 10.52% at the end of the second quarter, reflecting strong capital generation during the third quarter net of share repurchases, as well as the impact from a modest end-of-period decline in risk-weighted assets. During the third quarter, M&T repurchased 2.8 million shares of common stock at an aggregate cost of $498 million. Now, turning to the outlook. Going into the final quarter of 2018, our outlook for the year remains consistent with the commentary we’ve offered previously. As we highlighted at a recent investor conference, the soft commercial lending environment, combined with our mortgage loan portfolio runoff, makes it difficult to grow loans on a full-year average basis. That said, we do see the potential for growth in the coming quarter compared with the last, aided by seasonal strength in the dealer floor plan loans. We continued to anticipate improvement in the net interest margin for the remainder of 2018, consistent with our prior guidance. Throughout 2018, we have seen the margin improvement from each fed fund gradually decrease as markets normalize and deposits become more expensive, behaving in a manner more consistent with prior cycles. We will offer our updated thoughts on the net interest margin and the outlook for growth in net interest income on the January call after we report our full-year results. Residential mortgage origination activity will remain challenged by higher long-term interest rates, but the mortgage subservicing contract, I mentioned previously, will provide a partial offset to the revenue pressures that come with the natural aging of the servicing book. The outlook for the remaining fee businesses remains little changed. The expense outlook is also unchanged. We continue to expect low, nominal, annual growth in total operating expenses, excluding the first quarter’s $135 million addition to the reserve for the Wilmington Trust Corporation shareholder litigation. The growth rates of the individual expense categories may vary from quarter-to-quarter, as we continue to manage across the bank’s total expense base. As a reminder, our outlook does reflect our view that the FDIC surcharge on large banks will end in the fourth quarter of 2018. Our outlook for credit also remains little changed. The sizable recovery that benefited the third quarter results was indeed a positive event, but one that we don’t anticipate repeating next quarter. We also anticipate continuing to execute our 2018 capital plan given our strong profitability and capital ratios. Of course, as you are aware, our projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events, and other macroeconomic factors which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. Now, let’s open up the call to questions before which Maria will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from line of Ken Zerbe of Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe: Thanks. Good morning. 
Darren King: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zerbe: I guess, maybe just starting with deposit costs a little bit. I understand, you guys have a really low deposit beta relative to many other banks we’re seeing. So -- but, I was hoping you could just talk about, like, where are you seeing pressures? And, if you are -- whether it’s specific markets, certain products, is there any way that’s getting incrementally more challenging on the margin? Thanks.
Darren King: Sure, Ken. I think, when we look at our deposit costs and the change quarter-to-quarter, it’s not any one region in particular, but the place where we see movement, varies by segment. So, in our commercial portfolio -- or sorry -- well, start with commercial. In the commercial portfolio, it’s really been in interest checking and in non-interest checking in the form of earnings credit rates. And so, we started to see some pressure there. We have some balances in commercial that are linked to an index. So, as the index moves up, the price moves up there. But, we continue to see corporate treasures paying a lot more attention to their excess balances and considering moving them to interest checking, sometimes into on-balance sheet suite and in the end to off-balance sheet suite as well. But, we’ve been very active with our customers, making sure we’re out working with them to help them put their excess balances to effective use. In the consumer space, we’re seeing behavior that’s fairly typical, as you work your way through a rising rate cycle. The main event so far has been balances moving from money markets, savings accounts into time accounts. And as we mentioned in the, I guess prepared comments that in -- within the CD book, we’re starting to see people lengthen out the terms that they’re signing up for. So, early on, if you probably looked about a year ago, we would have said, most of the action was in the one year CD space. And with the changes in the curve a little bit of late, we’ve seen a little more activity in the 18 and 24-month space. And so, as you’re seeing a little bit of remixing where balances are shifting from money market into time. But generally, both of those are pretty consistent with what our prior experience has been as well as what we tend to model when we do our ALCO runs and we put in our asset sensitivity in the K and the Q. The one thing that’s probably a little bit unique to us perhaps compared to some of the others is just a percentage of our deposit base that fits in non-interest bearing and operating accounts, fee based business or consumer and obviously that helps to mitigate to some extent the impact of rising rates.
Ken Zerbe: Okay. That helps. And then, last question, just in terms of I guess capital returns. Given that your loan growth is let’s say incrementally gotten a little bit lower, hence your revised guidance that it’s hard to grow the average balances. At what point would you go, or can you go back to the Fed and ask for maybe a revision to your capital return approval or is that even an option or something that you guys would consider? Thanks.
Darren King: So, technically, the option always exists. But, you can go back to the Fed and do a resubmission after you’ve gone through and done your initial CCAR asking and been approved as well as an update like we did last year after mid-cycle. When we look at where things are right now, this is one quarter that was maybe a little bit slower than we anticipated. Fourth quarter, things usually pick up. And we’re not materially off where our capital plan was. And when you combine that with still waiting for a little bit of clarity on how the regulations might change, I would suggest that it’s probably a low probability that we would go back this year as we did last year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt O’Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matt O’Connor: As you guys talked a little bit about kind of the loan growth outlook on a near term basis here and it seems like most of the optimism is based on maybe seasonality. As we kind of look more medium term, can you talk about your confidence in growing loans and maybe just see overall balance sheet because obviously, the securities balances have come down, you’ve got some capacity to buy there if you wanted to and also to expand. So, maybe just talk about the medium term outlook for loan and balance sheet growth and then if there is any kind of added thoughts in the securities portfolio that are worth mentioning?
Darren King: Sure. I’ll start with the securities portfolio and then work to loan growth. The securities portfolio, really our preference is to invest our deposits into the loans with our customers. The securities portfolio really is meant to help with our liquidity coverage ratio. And so, depending on the deposit balances as well as the mix of loans, that will impact our liquidity coverage ratio requirements, and we’ll set our securities accordingly. And when we think about what we need for the liquidity coverage ratio, we think about not just what’s in the securities portfolio but what’s in cash. And the combination of those two is what we look at. And the securities portfolio, a little bit more of it of late is sitting in cash than in securities just because when we look at the overnight rate compared to the one year treasuries, there’s not enough of a premium to make it worth stepping in. If you go to the loan book, when we think about the loan book, it’s really important to take our portfolio and separate out the residential real estate portfolio from the other asset categories. So, we expect to continue to see run off in the residential real estate portfolio. Given its characteristics, we don’t see any reason to believe that the pay down rates that we’ve been seeing for the last several years is likely to change. And that’s kind of been around 13% to 14% annualized. The only thing that will happen obviously is as that portfolio gets smaller, the dollar amount of decrease will also get smaller. And therefore, the amount of growth needed in the other portfolios to create absolute loan growth will get a little bit easier. In consumer loans, we’ve been pretty consistent with our positioning in indirect auto as well as rec fi and anticipate that that will continue, obviously depending on the strength of the consumer, but right now have no reason to believe that that will slow materially. And then, in commercial real estate and C&I, they’ve been relatively flattish the last couple of quarters actually. And I think that that performance is a little bit masked by the overall loan decreases. And really the challenge there has been payoffs and paydowns. And the place those are coming from differs by the portfolio. So, our commercial real estate portfolio, we’re seeing some paydowns of construction balances where construction projects are coming to completion, and then we see some permanent financing going into the insurance companies. Now, we have seen a little bit of movement in our construction commitments, which gives us a little bit of optimism for the next 6 to 12 months. But those balances obviously build as projects move through their completion cycle and so, we will be watching that. In the C&I portfolio, obviously we talked about the seasonal factors but we continue to see active in the floor plan business. We see some activity in healthcare and in certain segments of healthcare, and we’ve seen some increase in commitment. So there’s -- there are some reasons to be optimistic as we look forward. And really the wildcard is some of the things that are little bit outside of our control. And that’s activities around private equity which has really kind of been the issue in C&I lending where we see private equity coming in and buying out some of our customers and injecting equity and/or coming in and putting that on top of our with their loan funds. And so that’s a phenomenon that’s likely to continue for little longer. But, what we’ve learned through time is to be patient and to not reach and to be there for our customers. And that’s what we’ve been doing for the last 12 to 24 months and will continue to do.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pancari of Evercore.
John Pancari: Related to that loan growth commentary you just gave, that’s helpful. Just wondering, how would you view the 2019 trajectory in terms of growth. I know, you implied, it’s tough to grow ‘18, but are we looking at something that could be in GDP range for a ‘19 excluding the runoff remaining in the resi book? 
Darren King: John, we’re going through right now finalizing our thoughts on 2019 and putting our plan together. We’ll be back in January with more specifics about how we see 2019 unfolding. So, I think, it’s a little premature to comment. We’ll also -- our thoughts on 2019 will be impacted to some extent by the fourth quarter that we’ve seen in years go by, some substantial movements can happen in the fourth quarter and can have a big impact on your start point for 2019. So, I’m going to defer my thoughts on that until January.
John Pancari: Okay. All right, got it. And then, on the on the margin, just a couple of quick things here. What is the impact to the margin that you expect from the incremental moves in -- by the Fed? So, for each -- for the next 25 basis points Fed move, what does that equate to by your latest math in terms of a margin benefit? And then, separately, curious by your updated thoughts on the loan to deposit ratio, I know it’s around 97.5 here, moved up a little bit. Where do you think that could go just as you leverage other parts of your loan book to fund new loan originations? Thanks.
Darren King: So, for net interest margin, we’re not changing our expectations that for a 25 basis-point increase that it would be outside of the 5 to 8 basis-point range. That number, when we talked about that at the start of the year was an average for the year for each 25. What’s been true is it started out at the higher end of that and in fact above, early on in the year and it’s come down towards the lower end of that more recently as we start to see deposits, pricing look more like prior cycles. And so, for the rest of the year, that’s kind of where we see things going. As we go into 2019, again, we’ll be updating our models and looking through our thoughts on in particular deposit reactivity and we’ll give you new guidance at that point. I should wrote down your other question.
John Pancari: It was the loan to deposit ratio.
Darren King: The loan to deposit ratio, right. Thanks. Sorry. So, the loan to deposit ratio has kind of hovered around 97%, 98%, 99% each quarter for the last three, depending on combination of some of the held for sale balances at the end of the quarter, or what happens during the quarter, as well as the pace of loan runoff and originations. And kind of the combination of those factors, we expect to be in play for the coming several quarters. Hard to foresee us getting down to a 95% ratio, although you never say never; equally hard to see us going meaningfully over 100%. I expect we’ll be in this range for the foreseeable few quarters but something else that we’ll look to update over the -- in January.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Frank Schiraldi of Sandler O’Neill.
Frank Schiraldi: Good morning. Just a couple of questions. I wanted to ask about the rate of runoff in resi. I mean, I believe most of that Hudson City production is variable rate. So, I’m not sure rates are doing anything to it. But just wondering or if you could remind us on your thoughts on how that rate of runoff changes, if at all, in coming quarters.
Darren King : Sure, Frank. There is a mix of different things within that Hudson City book. There are some 5 ones and 7 ones, and as you pointed out, rates aren’t impacting them. There are some jumbos in there, as well as small portion actually of good old all day. And what we’ve seen over the hikes since 2015 is really not much of a change in the prepayment speed or payoff ratios in that book. And so, we’re not anticipating a material decrease, probably down slightly, maybe a point ‘18 over ‘17 and if rates continue on their trajectory, maybe another point reduction in 2019. The bigger factor there really is just the size of the portfolio and what -- how much in dollars runs off each quarter as much as the rate of decline.
Frank Schiraldi: Got you. And then, just you already mentioned, you talked about on the deposit side about the amount of balances sitting in non-interest bearing. I think, that’s a focus of investors this quarter’s non-interest bearing and some contraction we’ve seen at other banks. It looks like your balances were pretty flat linked quarter. So, just wondering if there is any noise there or just if you could talk little bit about the ability to defend those balances or if you’re starting to see pressure there?
Darren King: So, for the non-interest bearing deposits, it’s a keen area of focus for us whether that’s within our consumer portfolio where we actually did see some checking account growth in the third quarter, which was nice to see, as well as in our small business and in our commercial customers. And that’s the number one thing we focus on everyday in our calling activity because that’s really the anchor relationship product, no matter which business we’re in. And so in the commercial space, our teams have been out talking to customers, helping them optimize their cash, which obviously will mean some of that will move into interest bearing, be it on-balance sheet suite, on-balance sheet interest checking, but also some remains in the operating account. For our small business customers, that tends to be a place where operating balances tend to say and as a category where deposit balances typically exceed loan balances. And that continues to be the case, and a place where we’re strong. When you look at our market share in SBA across our footprint, we tend to be one, two, or three position in most of those markets, and it’s an area of focus that we’ll continue to spend time on. And then, as we mentioned in consumer, there is obviously some excess balances in checking accounts today. And some of that you might start to see move but not likely until there is more movements in savings rates and money market savings rates. We’ve seen a little bit of that in the banks, but not much. Most of that action’s been in the non-bank space in the online savings account space. So, we see a little bit of migration. But, we’re keenly focused on it. We expect that it will decrease slowly over time just as rates move, which is pretty normal, but we’re not expecting on mass exodus of funds. 
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Ken Usdin from Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Hey, thanks good morning, Darren. It was nice to see flattish trajectory on the expenses this quarter. Just wondering if you can give us a little bit more color, first on just what led the increase in salaries and benefits on one side. And the other, you mentioned I think the legal and professional fees came down another, and if this is a more kind of a normal starting point for that as that has, looks like, started to tell off?
Darren King: Sure, Ken, happy to discuss those. For salaries and benefits, there’s really two main drivers that are of the increase that would be sustainable. Number one is the increases that we’ve made to compensation for many of our employees, which was really an outgrowth of the tax reform. We were one of the places that didn’t actually do a one-time bonus at the end of last year, opting rather to invest in permanent increases to the comp for many of our employees that included raising the minimum wage to $14 up to as high as $16 an hour depending on the geography. And that went in, in stages. Some of it went in, in the first half of the year and the second step, when it became effective, starting July 1st. So, you started to see that come through in the third quarter. The other thing that happens for us is, we have an influx of new graduates into our develop -- management development programs usually in the summer. And so, you get a little bit of an uptick in headcount and salaries there. Some of that will come down. And the other part where were spending a lot of time is with our professional services in the technology realm. And it’s our objective to over time switch much of the professional services or some of the professional services, I guess, I should say, from kind of contractors to permanent on-staff employees. So, we’ll see some headcount growth there. The 13 million was probably a little bit higher than what would be a more normal rate; there is probably about $3 million or $4 million of what I would call seasonal expense in there that likely won’t repeat, but the movement is definitely up from where we were in the second quarter. On the professional services side, there is always some movement in that category from quarter to quarter. This quarter, we saw substantial decrease, mainly because we had such a big quarter in the second quarter in terms of litigation related legal expenses. Those have come down fairly dramatically since then. And then, one of the other big professional services expenses is some of the IT help that we have and that can bump around a little bit from quarter to quarter. But, where we were this -- in the third quarter is probably a reasonable starting point, maybe I’d add a few million dollars to that. But, I think it’s reasonable starting point for going forward.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Got it. And then, just bigger picture, I think you’ve talked about just continuing to expect this quarter nominal amount of expense growth as you go forward, and you mentioned both. Can you balance, as far as -- you know you’ve mentioned the needs to invest, but you’ve also mentioned self-help stuff, whether it’s from branches or some of this decline in legal, et cetera? Can you just talk us through some of the moving parts of that and your ability to continue this nominal type of growth rate in expenses? Thanks.
Darren King: Sure. So, what you saw a little bit this quarter in the expense line item is kind of the explanation or story we’ve been talking through for the last several quarters. The things will remix on the income statement. So, we saw that the professional services came down, but the salaries and benefits went up. As we change the mix of contractors to staff, those two line items you’ll see some shifts. And when we talk about investments in technology, some of it you see on the line that is professional -- sorry, outside data processing and software. And that’s the software piece but oftentimes the expense shows up in the salary and benefit line because that’s where a lot of the teams are that are doing the work of installing and adding any customization or integration, shows up on that salary and benefits line. And so, while there will be some increases in what we invest in our technology teams, those over time can be offset and have been in the past by reductions in the branch network, which will affect both the furniture and equipment expense line item as well as the salary line item. So, when we think about the bank and we think about our expense trajectory, we look across the whole $3.2 billion of expenses. And we’re always thinking about how investments that we made yesterday can be monetized today to help offset the investments we’re making today for the future. And you see some of that move from time-to-time. You’ve seen us invest a little bit more this year in advertising and promotion to drive some customer growth, which we talked about on the consumer checking side. So, we’re always looking across the various categories. And as we mentioned, we’ll see some move from quarter-to-quarter. But overall, we focus on the bottom line. And part of what’s helping us as we looked forward was knowing that some of the legal-related expenses would come down as things got settled, as well as the FDIC surcharge will go away. So, we’ll be looking to invest some of that in the franchise.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Alexopoulos of JPMorgan.
Steven Alexopoulos: I wanted to start to follow up on Frank’s earlier question and the comments you gave that you don’t expect the mass exodus of noninterest bearing. So, if we think about the $32 billion and you’re working with your treasures now, how much do you think could be a risk to migrate out into alternatives over time?
Darren King: I guess, my starting point to think about that Steven is to look at where we were before the crisis and what percentage of the liabilities of the bank sat in noninterest bearing deposits. Now, obviously, we’ve had some growth in customer since then. So, the absolute dollar amount of where we end up, post normalization, if you will, should be higher. But, we anticipate that the mix of noninterest bearing to interest tracking to money market and savings to time would look pretty similar to where we were then. And the only question mark will be, how much ends up off-balance sheet and off-balance sheet suite. And I’ll be off by a little bit of my recollection is that during that time period, about $3 billion to $4 billion came on-balance sheet from off-balance sheet.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. That’s very helpful actually. Just one separate question. Can you give some color on the C&I loan growth in the quarter, if you exclude the seasonal decline in dealer that you saw?
Darren King: Yes. If you exclude the seasonal dealer decline, which is actually a little bit less this year than what we’ve seen in prior years, dealer decline this quarter, I think was around $150 million to $200 million, which is a little bit less than what we saw in the third quarter of last year. I’m not sure -- I suspect that has a lot to do with how vehicle sales have kind of slowed down a little bit that the current model year isn’t going off the lot quite as quickly. But outside of that, we’ve seen some increases, in particular in the healthcare segment, really in assisted senior living and acute care. And I guess, given demographics of the population that probably makes some sense that you see some of that. Over time, those stabilized projects also can lend themselves to fee income because often times those also get taken over by some of the capital markets or the insurance companies. But that’s some of the places where we’ve seen some increase that offsets the floor plan, at least this quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning, Darren.
Darren King: Good morning, Gerard. You’re Red Sox. Keep it up.
Gerard Cassidy: There you go, absolutely. Can you share with us, going back to -- your comment just a moment ago about non-interest bearing deposits to total deposits. And when we look back over 20 years, the numbers today are considerably higher than what you had even before the financial crisis, as a percentage of total. And I’m assuming that’s because of acquisitions of companies like Wilmington Trust, and if you go back even further, Keystone Financial. So, on an apples-to-apples basis, the percent today around let’s say the mid-30% range. Is that equivalent to where you were when you kind of do a pro forma with the deals that you’ve done over the years?
Darren King: If you look at the recent deals and the most two most notable being Hudson City and Wilmington Trust, they brought a different deposit profile. So, I think going back over 20 years is probably not likely to repeat itself. I think, we got to look at a little bit more like where we were going into the crisis. And when I think about Wilmington Trust and what it brought, definitely a nice base of non-interest bearing deposits, because we have a number one share in the State of Delaware in consumer and small business, and those tend to be drivers of non-interest bearing deposits, but it also brought a big private banking book. And that tends to skew more towards interest checking and money market savings. So, that’s kind of an offset there that would look a little bit different than what we would have looked like prior to merging with Wilmington Trust. And then, at Hudson City, Hudson City obviously is very-skewed towards interest-bearing, in particular time accounts, but also money market and interest checking. And so, those will -- because of the nature of those balances, they would tend to decrease non-interest bearing as a percentage of the portfolio. So, I am thinking about run-rate maybe through 2019 and into 2020, I would start to look at where the bank was in kind of 2008 and 2009, and then adjust for time deposits being a little bit bigger percentage today and going forward as rates change and balances migrate in there and a little bit more in money market due to private banking customers. And then, interest-bearing being the rest -- sorry, non-interest-bearing making up the rest. And I guess, I would expect that that would be -- I haven’t looked at the math but in that range of 25% to 30% of what our deposit balance base might look like.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then second, a follow-up question. If I recall, I think you guys introduced Zelle recently to your customers.
Darren King: We did.
Gerard Cassidy: Two things. Just, how did the rollout go? Are you seeing client engagement, or how has been client engagement? And second, technology spending is obviously critical. Do you find that if you’re not the first one to have the latest bell and whistle that it’s still okay, you’re not losing customers because you’re not the first one in line to get the latest and greatest?
Darren King: So, I can answer the second part easier than I can answer the first. And the answer is, we’ve been both the first and not the first, and it hasn’t made a material impact in our customer acquisition rates or retention rates. Back when Apple Pay came out, we were actually one of the first banks in on Apple Pay. And the adoption was, as we know, slow and it didn’t move people into or out of our checking account. With Zelle, which has been live now for about two weeks, we’ve been pleased with the number of signups that we’re seen and the level of activity. I don’t have exact numbers for you, Gerard on how that’s moving, but it’s moving in a nice direction. And we were not the first to implement Zelle, but we’re certainly not the last. So, I would characterize it as more towards the middle of the pack, maybe towards the middle end. But, we have haven’t seen a meaningful uptick in customer acquisition since and we haven’t seen a meaningful decrease in acquisition or conversely an increase in attrition with the delay. Our take on it, Gerard, is that customers look at the bank and they look at the total package of benefits that are offered and that’s things like Zelle, it’s things like mobile check deposits, it’s the quality of the mobile apps. It’s how many branches you have; it’s whether they are in good shape; it’s access to ATMs and the call center and not to mention the product’s feature, functionality. And it’s really the combination of everything. And you need to be collectively competitive. And so, any one factor in a moment in time generally doesn’t tend to move the needle positively or negatively. But over time, if you’re not competitive, then, that’s when problems occur.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. And just quickly, what’s the duration of the securities portfolio now?
Darren King: It’s just about three years. It was a little shorter than that. But as rates went up and some of the mortgage-backed securities in there extended, the duration’s gotten a little bit longer.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Saul Martinez of UBS.
Saul Martinez: First, can you just give us an update on CECL preparations, where you’re at there, and any thoughts on when we might actually see an estimate of the financial impact, and what part of your portfolio also just more susceptible to reserve increases, or conversely, the reserve releases? It does seem like you’re pretty well reserves in part to your portfolio, even under the current loss [ph] model.
Darren King: Sure. So, we will continue to work through the CECL process from the work we’ve done and talking to our peers, as well as talking to the regulators. We’re pretty much in line with where everyone else’s in those preparations. It’s our objective to start to run somewhat in parallel in 2019, in terms of making sure that CECL process is up and running and ready to operate on a quarterly basis, given some of the technical aspects of it compared to the current AOL process. But, at this point, we don’t have an estimate on what we expect the impact of CECL to be. I guess, in the grand scheme of things, given our reserve and where it is and when you think about it in relation to capital, you’d have to have a pretty meaningful change in your allowance to have a big change in your capital ratios. And so, as we think it through and look at it, we’re not anticipating a meaningful change in either direction to our capital ratios as a result of CECL. 
Saul Martinez: Got it. That’s helpful. And if I could just follow up on deposit costs, you’re obviously still outperforming peers in terms of betas. And as you’ve highlighted that the Hudson City runoff, the benefits from that are tailing off, but, is the expectation still that you will be an outperformer in terms of deposit betas or do you feel like we’re getting closer to a point where maybe your betas start to converge with the peer group?
Darren King: We’re expecting that the cost of deposits is going to increase from here forward. And you saw this quarter, time deposit costs increase I think about 12 basis points. And when we look at the cost of our time deposits in our legacy portfolio and our Hudson City portfolio, they’re identical. So, from our perspective, those two portfolios are now merged. And we priced them -- we priced the whole network the same way, there’s nothing special for New Jersey anymore. So that’s what will start to move in concert. And as we mentioned, we expect to continue to see migration from money market savings balances into time. And the rate of increase in the time costs will be a function of mix, and how much goes into two-year CDs or even three-year depending on where Fed funds go, versus what stays in one-year or less. As we mentioned, in the commercial space, we have a number of balances that are related to the index and then obviously those will move exactly with the index. And then, the other costs of deposits will move in lockstep with the markets. We operate our bank obviously in competitive markets, and we have to maintain our pricing equal to that of our competition. And so, the rates of increase did go up a little bit this quarter, probably going to go up a little bit next quarter and over time, I think will start to normalize to what we’ve seen in terms of reactivity that we’ve seen in prior rising rate cycles. As we mentioned, I think the thing that is a little bit different for us compared to maybe some of our peers is just the mix, and the things we’ve been talking about before about the mix of noninterest bearing deposits in the overall book, and that helps minimize the overall cost of our deposits.
Saul Martinez: Have you given an estimate of where you think the terminal beta on your interest bearing account to trend to as we get closer to the more normal -- or the terminal Fed funds rate?
Darren King : We haven’t talked about that and don’t have a thought on at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Klock of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Brian Klock: Good afternoon, gentlemen.
Darren King: Good morning. Good afternoon. I guess, it just crossed.
Brian Klock: It just crossed, Darren. So, because of that, I’ll keep my questions pretty short here. I guess, just to follow up on the dealer floor plan discussion from earlier. Can you remind us what the size of that portfolio is and what was the growth that you saw in the fourth quarter of last year from the third quarter?
Darren King: Brian, I got to be honest with you. I don’t know the growth rate that we saw quarter-to-quarter in that portfolio off the top of my head. The total balances of floor plan are about $3.5 billion to $4 billion, and obviously those are on line. The increase or decrease certainly from third quarter to fourth is much a function of what’s going on in the industry and delivery of models as well as how fast the rolling off the lot. So, I don’t have an exact number for you on how much those might grow. If you think about what came off this quarter, it’s about $150 million, $200 million. We expect that that will go back on and a little bit beyond that. So, I guess, I’d be thinking kind of $200 million to $300 million increase from where we ended the quarter.
Brian Klock: Great. That’s helpful. Thanks, Darren. And then on the mortgage banking side, thanks for the details that you gave earlier. So, it looks like in the quarter versus second quarter, mortgage banking was essentially flat, you said around $61 million. And so, the last quarter you had a pretty decent commercial real estate gain on sale. So, I guess that implies that somewhere -- you had a much smaller ones in servicing fee and commercial real estate somewhere around $13 million, $14 million a quarter. So, do you think that going forward, we’re going to be more in the kind of average 26, 27 for the first half of the year, and it’s below for that for the third. So that’s something you think we should expect to be in the mid-20s going forward or how should we think about the commercial real estate side of it?
Darren King: So, I guess, if you think about this quarter versus last, total mortgage banking revenues were down about $4 million. That was about $2 million in residential side, both combined between origination servicing and about $2 million on a commercial side. The consumer side is a little more predictable, because a bigger chunk of our revenues is from servicing, and obviously the servicing portfolio is the declining asset, so it slowly marches down. We mentioned that we added about $9 billion for servicing over the course of the quarter; and so, the full impact of that will show up in the fourth. On the commercial side, there tends to be a little bit more volatility. History has suggested that that business tends to be backend loaded or weighted, meaning, we tend to see historically a little bit more volume in the second half of the year than the first half of the year. What we’ve seen and saw this past quarter in particular was a little bit of a slowdown in volume as rates were going up that people were reticent to lock with some of the movement. And the other thing, we saw a little bit of a remixing between Fannie and Freddie, which caused a little bit of margin decrease, which lowered the revenue we received. The good news is, is the mix also shifted to a space that’s little bit more capital friendly. So, not surprisingly, as the yields go down, so do the capital requirements to support it.
Brian Klock: That’s helpful. And I guess, just on the subservicing, if I calculate the math right on the entire servicing portfolio, you’re getting about a 26 basis points fee, subservicing usually something less, so should we be thinking something like $3 million to $4 million of income a quarter from the new subservicing book for a full quarter or is it something little higher than that?
Darren King: I would think it’s little bit less than that because usually it’s the way subservicing works, you get higher rates, you’ve got MSR and you own the asset and a little bit lower, if your just the sub-servicer. So, I would be more in the range of 1 to 2.
Brian Klock: 1 to 2, got you. I’m a Bill’s fan, remember. So, I’m optimistic all the time.
Darren King: We appreciate that; hard to be these days.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Spahr of Wells Fargo.
Christopher Spahr: I just have -- want to take a step back and look at the overall tech budget that M&T has. Maybe you can talk about how does it -- of the $3.2 billion of annual expenses today, how does it compare to like as of the first full year of merger close in 2016, and what do you think it’s going to be in 2020?
Darren King: If you look at our spending, our total spending on tech, as a percentage of our operating expenses it’s increased each year for the last four. If you look at our compound annual growth rate in our technology-related spending for the last four years, it’s up kind of 8% to 10% a year, on average. And we see that rate continuing into -- or we see growth continuing into 2019 and 2020, but we see the rate actually starting to moderate a little bit. And especially as we remix the talent that is doing the technology work that that will help moderate that expense growth. But, what it doesn’t mean is that it slows down our ability to invest and deliver new product and capabilities for our customers and for employees. So, we are in an industry that is very tech-driven and we’re committed to making sure that we’re investing in the franchise at a pace that keeps up with the demands of our customers and employees, but manages the risk of how fast to do it.
Christopher Spahr: And as a percent of the total expense base, I know you talked about some of it is paid in salaries, you have outside data processing and some professional services.
Darren King : Those are the two primary line items which you see the tech expenses in.
Christopher Spahr: Okay. But, you don’t break it out kind of as a percent of total or is it dollar amount?
Darren King: We have -- we don’t know. 
Christopher Spahr: Okay. And then, finally, just kind of seeing the progress you’re making in tech, can you give us the percent of customers that are mobile and digital, or number or percent?
Darren King: From a digital perspective, that number is quite high. The number of customers and the percentage of customers that are online is well over 60%. When we look at those that are mobily active that number continues to grow each quarter, and right around 30% of the customer base, which is up from about 25% last year. So, steady growth each month and each quarter.
Operator: Our final question comes from line of Kevin Barker of Piper Jaffrey.
Kevin Barker: In regards to some of your market that you mentioned, I noticed that you said New Jersey was pretty strong. Are you seeing growth in any other markets or are you looking to expand outside of your existing footprint, more specifically up in New England?
Darren King: So, we have -- expectation is to grow in every one of our markets, by and large. No one gets a free pass at M&T. If you look at our expectations based on our market share, we would expect higher growth rates in New Jersey, in Philadelphia, in Baltimore, Washington, perhaps in the surrounding areas of New York City, just given our share there. As you point out, we have office in Boston that’s been officially open for just about two years now. It’s a combination of our Wilmington Trust franchise as well as our core banking franchise. And we’ve been making inroads there. But, the basis of our expansion is always the same. And it starts with our customers. And we follow our customers into new geographies and take care of them. Oftentimes, our real estate customers lead the way and we follow them into those geographies. And then, once we’re in there, we get involved in the market, like we normally do, both from a philanthropic perspective as well as being on boards and getting to know folks in the community. And that’s usually how we expand from there that we’re very selective in how we grow that we never compromise on our credit standards, as we do that. But, those are markets where we are definitely looking to expand, and Boston and Massachusetts is certainly on our radar screen.
Kevin Barker: When you look at that opportunity and potential expansion outside your existing markets or even like where you have smaller presence, there’s been obviously a lot of changes that have been going on, specifically in the Boston market with Chase coming into that market. Does that change your perspective on being a potential growth opportunity?
Darren King: Can you ask the question again, is it because Chase coming into Baltimore, we’re more interested in growing somewhere outside of Baltimore?
Kevin Barker: I’m saying Chase coming in -- JPMorgan coming into Boston in particular and some of the changes that are occurring within Boston. I mean, you obviously have very strong presence in Baltimore already.
Darren King: Sure, yes. So, obviously, Baltimore, our focus will be on protecting our customer base and continuing to grow and be meaningful and relevant in that geography, which for us is basically our second hometown. In Boston, just because of our physical presence, we’ll be selective there. And we’ll focus on the relationships that we have and expanding them judiciously. But, Boston’s a very large market. And actually, if you look at the top 20 MSAs in the country, one where the presence of the Big Four is actually quite small, with the exception of Bank of America. So, I’m sure that’s part of what’s on JPMorgan’s minds as they go up there. Our view is that it’s an attractive market. It’s a place where our way of banking we think fits. And we’ll look to grow at a measured pace and watch and see what opportunities present themselves.
Operator: And, thank you. That was our final question. I would now like to turn the floor back over to Don MacLeod for any additional or closing remarks.
Don MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, if any clarification on any of the items on the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department at area code 716-842-5138.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s M&T Bank’s third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew Hersom - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations John Barnes - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David Rosato - Chief Financial Officer Kirk Walters - Corporate Development and Strategic Planning Jeffrey Tengel - President Jeffrey Hoyt - Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Kenneth Zerbe - Morgan Stanley Casey Haire - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Jared Shaw - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Collyn Gilbert - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the People’s United Financial Inc. Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. My name is [Sherry], and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the presentation over to Mr. Andrew Hersom, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations for People’s United Financial Inc. Please proceed, sir.
Andrew Hersom: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. Here with me to review our second quarter 2018 results are Jack Barnes, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; David Rosato, Chief Financial Officer; Kirk Walters, Corporate Development and Strategic Planning; Jeff Tengel, President; and Jeff Hoyt, Chief Accounting Officer. Please remember to refer to our forward-looking statements on Slide 1 of this presentation, which is posted on our website, peoples.com, under Investor Relations. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Jack.
John Barnes: Thank you, Andrew. Good afternoon. We appreciate everyone joining us today. Let’s begin by turning to the second quarter overview on Slide 2. Our commitment to enhancing profitability was further demonstrated by reporting record quarterly net income of $110.2 million or $0.31 per common share. These results reflect the continued benefits of investments in revenue producing initiatives, sustained excellent asset quality and recent successful acquisitions. On an operating basis, earnings were $0.32 per common share, up $0.08 or 33% from a year-ago and operating return on average tangible common equity was 14.2%, an increase of 330 basis points over the same period. Higher revenues and well-controlled expenses generated a second quarter efficiency ratio of 58.4%, an improvement of 100 basis points on a linked-quarter basis. Total revenues of $396 million increased 3% as a result of growth in both net interest income driven by net interest margin expansion and non-interest income. The margin improved 5 basis points and benefited from an increase in loan yields that continue to outpace the rise in deposit costs. Operating expenses of $246 million, which includes $4 million in costs related to branch closures, increased only $2 million or 1%. Average loan balances were flat compared to the first quarter, while period-end balances were up $408 million or 1%, reflecting stronger activity in June compared to the first two months of the quarter. Growth was driven by solid results in middle-market C&I, equipment financing, and mortgage warehouse lending. Year-to-date overall loan growth has been flat and below our expectations. These results are primarily attributed to continued headwinds in commercial real estate, which have caused balances in this portfolio to decline over $300 million or 6% annualized during the first half of 2018. As we have discussed previously, commercial real estate has been impacted by runoff in the transactional portion of our New York multi-family portfolio, which has totaled $228 million year-to-date, heightened competition and above average payoffs. Since commercial real estate is our largest portfolio, these headwinds have reduced the rate of growth of the overall portfolio. Additionally, year-to-date loan growth has also been impacted by a decline of over $100 million in home equity balances or 10% annualized, which is consistent with overall industry results. The reduction in home equity balances was driven by lower originations and lower initial utilization rates. However, exclusive of commercial real estate and home equity, we are experiencing strong results across many of our businesses that are in line with our expectations for the year. For example, middle-market C&I has achieved a 5% annualized growth this year, while equipment financing is up 10% annualized. Looking forward, the strength of our diversified business mix, the solid period-end pipeline and continued benefits from revenue producing initiatives caused us to be optimistic that loan growth in the second half of the year will be meaningfully better than the first six months. Moving on to deposits. Balances were lower as a result of seasonal declines in our municipal and retail businesses. However, we expect deposits to rebound in the third and fourth quarters in line with historical seasonal trends. We did see a pick up in industry deposit cost during the second quarter. However, in our view the industry continues to behave rationally. While we will remain competitive, gathering deposits in order to protect share and client relationships, we will continue to be disciplined and not lead the market in pricing. Consistent with our strategy of balancing organic growth with thoughtful M&A, we announced today the all-cash acquisition of Vend Lease, a Baltimore-based equipment finance company established in 1979 that operates primarily in the hospitality industry. Vend Lease shares our client-centric approach, has a highly specialized skill set and is a recognized brand in the markets it serves. The Company will become a division of LEAF Commercial Capital, enabling it to leverage LEAF’s technology platform, marketing team, and leading automation capabilities creating greater efficiencies across sales and operational functions. Additionally, Vend Lease will also be able to leverage the size and strength of our balance sheet and lower funding cost to further accelerate growth and enhance profitability. We are excited about the transaction as the strength of our combined expertise will provide an exceptional experience for clients even our network of specialty finance experts and bolsters our nationwide businesses. Additionally, in June, we announced an agreement to acquire First Connecticut Bancorp, the holding company for Farmington Bank. The transaction continues the momentum generated from our recent acquisitions of Suffolk and LEAF as well as provides us with a classic in market acquisition of a high quality franchise that further strengthens our well established presence in Central Connecticut and Western Massachusetts. The integration process is underway and progressing well as we execute on our time-tested acquisition approach. As a result of the integration activities, we are even more excited about the transaction, particularly the talented people that will be joining us. This transaction has low execution risks, given our significant knowledge to Farmington Bank and the history of successful integrations. We are confident that transaction will close in the fourth quarter, pending regulatory approvals. Finally, as many of you know Jeff Tengel was promoted to President during the second quarter and is leading the full complement of business lines at People's United. Jeff joined the Company in 2010 from PNC Bank to lead the commercial division. Since that time, he has significantly expanded the commercial division and its product offerings with the addition of mortgage warehouse, large corporate banking, international services, health care, and syndications. He has broadened and grown treasury management, government banking, asset-based lending and the equipment finance businesses. He is also played an important role in integrating the numerous acquisitions completed over the last eight years. As we continue to grow as a Company, we need to make sure our organizational structure supports the future trajectory of People’s United. Jeff is uniquely qualified to help lead us through our future expansion. With that, I will pass it to David to discuss the second quarter in more detail.
David Rosato: Thank you, Jack. Turning to Slide 3, net interest income of $301.2 million increased $5.4 million or 2% on a linked quarter basis. The loan portfolio contributed $12.6 million of the increase, the net interest income due to higher yields on new business and the continued upward repricing of floating-rate loans. Net interest income also benefited $1.9 million from an additional calendar day and $1.1 million from prior yields in the securities portfolio. The largest offset to these increases was a $5.4 million reduction in net interest income due to higher deposit cost. In addition, net interest income was unfavorably impacted by $4.8 million resulting from an increase in borrowing costs. Net interest margin of 3.10% was 5 basis points higher than the first quarter. As displayed on Slide 4, this expansion was primarily driven by the loan portfolio, which favorably impacted the margin by 13 basis points, as new business yields remained higher than the total portfolio yield for the sixth consecutive quarter. Net interest margin also benefited 2 basis points from the additional calendar day, while higher yields in the securities portfolio added the basis point. Conversely, higher deposit and borrowing cost lower the margin by 6 basis points and 5 basis points respectively. Looking at loans on Slide 5, average balances of $32.1 billion were flat compared to the first quarter, while period end balances of $32.5 billion were up $408 million or 1%. The growth was driven by solid results in middle market C&I, equipment financing, and mortgage warehouse lending. The increase in equipment financing balances was driven by each of our equipment financing units with particularly strong results coming from LEAF. In addition, the acquisition of Vend Lease which closed at the end of June, added $68 million to the LEAF’s portfolio. The mortgage warehouse lending portfolio rebound in the second quarter and balances ended the period at $1.1 billion up $95 million from the end of the first quarter. Commercial real estate balances declined on both an average and period end basis as the portfolio continued to be impacted by the factors Jack outlined earlier. However, excluding the runoff in the transactional portion of our New York multifamily portfolio of $79 million, commercial real estate balances grew modestly from the end of the first quarter. We now expect the runoff in our transactional New York multifamily portfolio to be $350 million to $400 million for the full-year and increased from our expectation in January of $250 million to $300 million. Average deposit balances for the second quarter were $32.5 billion, down $288 million or 1% linked quarter, while period-end deposits were also $32.5 billion, down $426 million or 1%. The lower balances resulted from seasonal declines in our municipal and retail businesses. On a period-end basis, municipal and retail balances declined approximately $500 million and $100 million respectively for the quarter. Looking forward, we expect deposits to rebound in the third and fourth quarters in line with historical seasonal trends. Turning to Slide 6, which displays average deposits by product, you can see the $288 million reductions was driven by a $268 million decline in interest-bearing checking and money market balances and $154 million decline in savings balances. The declines were partially offset by growth in non-interest-bearing checking balances of $76 million and time balances of $58 million. While deposit costs were up 8 basis points for the quarter, we continue to focus on controlling pricing, as demonstrated by interest-bearing deposit beta of 20% since the beginning of the current cycle of increasing interest rates. In comparison, our loan yield beta is 33% during the same period. Specifically for the second quarter, our interest-bearing deposit beta was 40%, while the loan yield beta was 76%. Looking at Slide 7, non-interest income of $94.9 million increased $4.5 million or 5% on a linked quarter basis. The increase in non-interest income was driven primarily by higher customer interest rate swap income of $2.5 million as well as increases in bank service charges and cash management fees. The largest offsets to these improvements were a $1.5 million decline in insurance revenues, reflecting the seasonality of commercial insurance renewals, which are lower in the second and fourth quarters of the year and $1 million reduction in commercial banking lending fees due to the lower loan prepayment fees. Included in other non-interest income this quarter was $2 million of gains related to certain legacy investments. On Slide 8, non-interest expense of $248.6 million, increased $5.1 million or 2% from the first quarter. Included in the second quarter results were merger-related expenses of $2.9 million. $2.1 million of the merger-related expenses are in professional and outside services, while the remainder is in other non-interest expense. Excluding merger-related expenses, non-interest expenses increased $2.2 million or 1% from the first quarter. The primary driver of this increase was $4.1 million in costs related to ten branch closures spread throughout the franchise as we continue to optimize our branch delivery channel. In addition, advertising and promotion expenses increased $1.6 million. Both branch closure and advertising and promotion costs are located in the other expense line in our earnings release. The largest offset to these increases was a $5.7 million decrease in compensation and benefits driven by lower payroll related and benefit costs, which are traditionally higher in the first quarter. We continue to enhance operating leverage has evidenced by improvement in the efficiency ratio. Higher revenues and well-controlled expenses generated a second quarter efficiency ratio of 58.4% and improvement of 100 basis points on a linked quarter basis as shown on Slide 9. On a year-over-year basis, the efficiency ratio was flat. However, as a reminder beginning last quarter, the efficiency ratio includes the unfavorable impact of tax reform, which results in a lower FTE adjustment to net interest income. As demonstrated on Slide 10, asset quality continues to be exception. As a result of our strong credit culture and conservative underwriting standards, originated non-performing assets as a percentage of originated loans and REO at 62 basis points was up 4 basis points linked quarter, but improved 5 basis points from an already low level in the prior year quarter. The modest increase from the end of the first quarter was driven by two unrelated C&I credits. This metric continues to be well below our peer group and top 50 banks. Net charge-offs of 6 basis points was unchanged on the most recent quarter and continues to reflect the minimal loss contest of our non-performing assets. Moving on to Slide 11, we remain pleased with the progress we have made improving our profitability metrics. Return on average assets of 1% and return on average tangible common equity of 13.9% each improved compared to the prior year quarter and first quarter. On an operating basis, return on average assets of 99 basis points increased 22 basis points from a year-ago and return on average tangible common equity of 14.2% was up 330 basis points over the same period. As we continue to build the earnings power of the Company, we expect further improvement in these metrics. Continuing on to Slide 12, capital ratios remained strong, especially in light of our diversified business mix and long history of exceptional risk management. Continuing the Slide 13, we display our interest rate risk profile for both parallel rate changes and yield curve twist. We remain asset sensitive in spite of rising interest rates and we continue to be well-positioned for further increases in interest rates as approximately 44% of our loan portfolio at quarter-end was either one-month LIBOR or prime-based up from 43% at the end of the first quarter and a year-ago. Before opening the call up for questions, I want to draw your attention to Slide 14. As we have provided an update for our full-year 2018 goals. It’s important to note these goals did not include First Connecticut, but do incorporate the acquisition and Vend Lease. Our updated goals are as follows. Acknowledging the impact on first half 2018 loan growth from commercial real estate headwinds and the industry wide slowdown in home equity market, we expect loan growth to finish the year in the range of 3% to 5%, a modest reduction to our original goal. Deposit growth is expected to be in the range of 2% to 4%. Total expenses excluding merger related costs are now in the range of $975 million to $985 million. Finally, we have also lowered our provision to a range of $25 million to $35 million. It is important to note that full-year goals or net interest income, net interest margin, non-interest income, effective tax rate and capital remain unchanged. In addition, the net effect of these changes does not impact to our original full-year earnings expectations. Now we’ll be happy to answer any questions you may have. Operator, we’re ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley.
Kenneth Zerbe: Great. Thanks. Hopefully an easy one to start off. Just in terms of the full-year 2018 goals, I guess what's the missing piece here? Because if your loan balances are less than what you thought deposits to less, your margin is unchanged though. Why would net interest income also be unchanged? Presumably are you expecting to make stronger securities growth? Or something doesn't seem to be – or something seems to be missing with that calculation?
David Rosato: Hi, Ken. It’s David. I would just say, the margin is wide enough in the guidance that a slight reduction and I emphasis that were slight lowered loan and deposit goals by 1%, as well as a slightly different mix of the loan portfolio will provide the offset.
Kenneth Zerbe: Gotcha. Okay. I understood. I guess with commercial real estate, if CRE and I've heard a lot from other banks talk about the CRE conditions are challenging an aggressive pricing. But if CRE does get worse from here, are you still able to hit your loan growth guidance like how bad of a – I mean, I know where your runoff, is that 350, 400, but could that runoff be even worse, where it does further pressure your loan growth guidance?
John Barnes: Yes. Sure, Ken. This is Jack. Yes, naturally in any of the loan categories, but if CRE gets significantly worse that certainly could impact our expectations in that portfolio, the rest of the year. We had seen a higher pace in payoffs than we expected and a higher runoff in the multi-family portfolio than we expected and that’s – while we’ve had good activity in originations in the commercial real estate portfolio, we still have active customers. Those will higher rates on the downside have outpaced what we had expected for kind of remain end of period and average balances.
Kenneth Zerbe: Gotcha. Okay. And then just maybe the last quick question. In terms of Vend Lease, can you quantify the amount of earnings accretion or the size of the portfolio, just to be have a sense of the magnitude? Thanks.
David Rosato: Sure. I'll just tell you, it's $68 million at close. At the end of the quarter, it was about a $68 million worth of outstandings. So relatively small, [indiscernible] will be accretive to lease yields.
Kenneth Zerbe: Gotcha. Okay. All right, perfect. Thank you very much.
John Barnes: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Casey Haire with Jefferies.
Casey Haire: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys. So I guess, I wanted to follow-up on the loan growth. So the loan growth guide does factor into Vend, correct?
David Rosato: Correct.
John Barnes: Yes.
Casey Haire: And that's only $68 million?
David Rosato: Correct.
Casey Haire: So doesn’t that still presume a pretty healthy ramp in the back half of 2018 to hit the low end of that guide? I mean what kind of – I'm sorry, I'm just doing the math real quick, but it seems like you're going to need some pretty strong loan growth in the back half with some headwinds in multi-family that you called out as well as I'm assuming mortgage warehouse might be seasonally weak? So is there something you can do to help us out like on the loan pipelines and what sort of volumes you're expecting?
John Barnes: Sure, Casey. It does imply strong growth in the back half of the year, but our [pipelines] – so we had a very strong June. Our pipelines are strong. They’re actually up a bit from June 30, relative to March 31, so – and we saw good strength in – as we called out in a traditional middle-market in mortgage warehouse and across all of our equipment financing businesses. So we feel that lowering our guidance by 1% is appropriate at this point. But even in commercial real estate, our customers are still doing business, it's just been a little bit slower than we expected when we originally gave guidance, and the multifamily has come off a little bit more than we expected as well.
John Barnes: Hey, Casey, this is Jack. Let me ask Jeff Tengel to give us some color on kind of discussions around pipeline and activity in the various markets, so maybe give you some idea where our comfort in our forecast comes from.
Jeffrey Tengel: Yes. Hi, Casey. It’s Jeff. We have added as David mentioned accelerating growth in the second quarter in a number of our core businesses, middle market C&I being one of them in particular in our legacy Connecticut markets and in our Boston market which are two of our largest businesses. We've also had really good momentum in growth in some of our specialty businesses. Healthcare being one of them, asset-based lending being another. They both have very robust pipeline, so we expect a very strong second half with – in both of those businesses. Our equipment finance businesses have all been showing good growth and they're typically stronger in the second half of the year than they are in the first anyway. So they're coming into the second half with some momentum that we find encouraging. And finally, the commercial real estate business, well they do have good pipeline as Jack and David both referenced it is – the market is challenging. And I think as we've talked in the past, a lot of our customers are what I would consider middle market, real estate customers are investing their own money, so they tend to be a little bit more conservative. They're not funds, investing other people's money, and so on balance they are less active than maybe some of the recent funds in the market. But we are still supporting them, we're still very active with our customers and expect to continue to be active in the second half of the year and we're just going to have to battle the headwinds that David [alluded].
Casey Haire: Okay. Fair enough. And then a question on the loan yields. The loans yields are actually were up quite nicely. Was that all asset sensitivity? Or was there any discount accretion in there?
John Barnes: There's very little discount accretion in there. Our deals are quite seasoned at this point. We had spread held up well in the quarter as we referenced at the end of the quarter, 44% of that book is prime in one-month LIBOR, so that’s where you see the asset sensitivity and we also called out that this has been the sixth consecutive quarter where the new business flow has been accretive to the existing portfolio yield. We also picked up, if you go back and look at the timing of the Fed rate hikes. We basically picked up the whole quarter after the last month.
Casey Haire: Gotcha. Okay. And just last one for me. I just want to make sure I have the expenses right, so the GAAP expenses of just under 249 and then it appears to be about $7 million in specials between the merger charges and the branch closures. So is the starting point for 3Q like 242 or so, assuming there's no recurring specialty.
David Rosato: Yes. That’s basically – you're right. We had the 41 branch closures that we – the 29 to deal our expenses. So it gave us confidence to lower the top end of that guidance by $10 million.
Casey Haire: Gotcha. Thank you.
John Barnes: Thank you. You're welcome Casey.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jared Shaw with Wells Fargo Securities.
Jared Shaw: Hi. How are you?
John Barnes: Hi, Jared.
Jared Shaw: Maybe just following up on that expense question, I guess why wouldn't we – was that $4.1 million is that all severance and lease termination things like that for the branch closures?
David Rosato: Yes. It’s the cost associated with closing ten branches.
Jared Shaw: Okay.
David Rosato: Yes, so the equipment write-offs, there some lease terminations in there. It’s not people.
Jared Shaw: Okay.
David Rosato: Those employees round up in other branches.
Jared Shaw: Okay. And then any apart from any branch activity with the Farmington deal? Any anticipated additional branch closures as we go through the end of the year?
David Rosato: Not out of – no exclusive of what happens with the Farmington integration.
Jared Shaw: Okay. And then is – I’m looking at the linked quarter change in loans and you have $53 million growth of equipment finance, but you said you brought on $68 million from Vend Lease? What was – and so apart from that I guess we'd see a decline in equipment finance this quarter? Was that repositioning in the portfolio or is that really more just market and customer driven?
David Rosato: Hey, Jared, we just turned you off. We're having trouble hearing you. Can you repeat?
Jared Shaw: Yes, I'm sorry. If I look at the equipment finance line, it looks like you had $53 million of growth on Slide 5 there, but with the $68 million you brought over from Vend Lease? Where was the decline – where would the net decline have been without that acquisition? Was that more customer driven or is that more you positioning the portfolio?
David Rosato: Go ahead John.
John Barnes: It looks like you're looking at averages Jared and at the end of the areas where the $68 million came in from Vend. We're actually up in the other business as well, particularly lease.
Jared Shaw: Okay.
David Rosato: Vend Lease came in on the last day of the quarter.
Jared Shaw: Okay, got it. Perfect. Thanks. And then finally, you talked about the deposit beta 40% this quarter and 76% on the loan beta. In the past, you've talked about ultimately a deposit beta of around 50%? When do you think you – we ultimately get there? Is that something that happens you think in 2018 or is it still a little further out as ultimately to the 50% beta?
David Rosato: Yes. It’s a good question and it’s hard to say Jared. It really has a lot to do with how competitive retail deposits wind up being. The commercial deposit betas have moved up and they’re exactly where we would expect them to be at this point in the rate cycle. The retail competition is rational as Jack referenced. But you're starting to see more banks running especially in the CD market and the CD rates have gotten to the point where you are seeing balances start to migrate out of some non-maturity deposits like savings accounts and now accounts in the CD, so it just going to be the pace of that. I’d be surprise that we hit a 50% aggregate beta by the end of this year, but I would not be surprised that occurs in 2019.
Jared Shaw: Okay. And then I guess just if you look at that growth and time deposits this quarter, are you seeing that as a way to attract new customers or you generally seeing it's more existing customers reallocating balances from another account?
David Rosato: Yes. So we have the large book of CDs. So we are conscious of the schedule of maturities in any period. And we're pricing competitively to attract and keep that money and then where it can generate new relationships and new activity in the franchise we benefit from that. But where as we talked about discipline pricing, we're pretty thoughtful about where we need to be in order to retain the existing relationships that we have and obviously look to have multiple products with those clients.
John Barnes: And I would just add, during the quarter, we also had some – the checking account acquisition programs that we were running and that's just kind of the way we run the business. We're always looking to onboard and attract new customers and then sometimes that will happen with the CDs, some – but we obviously much preferred if it happens with checking account.
Jared Shaw: Great, thanks a lot.
David Rosato: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Collyn Gilbert with KBW.
Collyn Gilbert: Thanks. Good evening, guys.
John Barnes: Hi, Collyn.
David Rosato: Hi, Collyn.
Collyn Gilbert: First a housekeeping item, David the $2 million or so that you guys saw in those legacy investment gains, I presume you do not anticipate that to recur or just a little bit of background on those?
David Rosato: Generally, they don't occur regularly, but once in awhile in a quarter it will happen and we call it out. What happens in this quarter as well as there's new accounting around equity securities where you have to mark them to market each quarter. So we have a legacy equity position that appreciated during the quarter and that was the driver for the most part.
Collyn Gilbert: That’s right. Okay. Thank you. And then just back to the discussion on the loan growth. What are you guys anticipating for sort of paydown activity to happen? And I’m sorry, I could probably do the math because you did give some color around this. But just wondering if you anticipating – if you're anticipating paydowns to sort of start to slow here in the back half of the year?
John Barnes: We'd like it to slow. It’s really hard to predict in this market. I would say, we're expecting a little bit above average compared to where we've been historically just given the nature of what we've seen, not only last six months, even in the last 12 or 24 months. A lot of our long-term holders are being approached with prices that they find hard to refuse. And in some cases, competitively, we’re getting taking out by life company deals that are just really long and low, but there's definitely been more activity on that front and really hard at this point to see that shifting.
Collyn Gilbert: Okay.
David Rosato: The only thing I would add to that is, so Jack was referencing commercial real estate, which has been the real headwind that we called out, but we are seeing some of our C&I customers, merging or selling and so that's a lot more spotty, but it also happens and now it's been happening a little bit more than usual.
Collyn Gilbert: Okay. That’s helpful. And then just thinking about the loan size of kind of the dynamics of what's going on here. Is there a big differential between some of the CRE relationships that are running off compared to the middle-market ones that you guys are adding? I would imagine that there would be, or can you quantify that at all?
Jeffrey Hoyt: Collyn, this is Jeff. Specifics to the multi-family portfolio, those tend to be small balance loan. So those loans are relatively small. The balance of our commercial real estate portfolio, I’d say that the loans that we’re doing are not any bigger or smaller than the loans that are getting refinance or running off.
Collyn Gilbert: Okay. That’s helpful. And then just a similar question on the deposit side. Obviously, the drop this quarter, you guys attributed to the municipals. What’s kind of the average relationship size perhaps within any of those customers? Just trying that again, it's a big swing from a dollar perspective. So just curious where the concentration might be?
David Rosato: Yes. Collyn, it's really all over the board there. So we bank a few of the states, if they might want. So if you think about the state of Mass, Connecticut or Vermont, the three larger states that we bank. They can have sizable swing. But then it’s a very granular portfolio of all those smaller towns throughout New England as well, so there's a real range there. What I would say is the larger customers are the ones who impacted for the most part in dollars, in the quarter. However, this is very normal seasonal activity and then tax payments come in, in the month of July, we’re already seeing those balances come back.
Collyn Gilbert: Yes. Okay and then just finally on the borrowings. So big jump in the borrowing cost there, it seems beyond even where we saw rates move? Was there any – were you doing anything spending duration or was there anything else going on with the borrowing dynamics this quarter?
David Rosato: No. There really wasn't. There was a little bit more borrowing, just temporarily borrowings to cover the deposit runoff, but there was a not a change in strategy on our part.
Collyn Gilbert: Okay. That’s all I had. Thank you.
David Rosato: Thank you.
John Barnes: You’re welcome. End of Q&A
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm showing no further questions in the queue at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Barnes for any closing remarks.
John Barnes: Thank you. Strong second quarter was highlighted by our announced agreement to acquire First Connecticut Bancorp and the acquisition of Vend Lease company. Another quarter of record earnings, net interest margin expansion benefiting from the increase in loan yields, continuing to outpace the rise in deposit costs, improvement in operating leverage, driven by continued revenue growth and well-controlled expenses, stronger lending activity in June and solid period-end pipeline and our continued commitment to a consistent return of capital to shareholders and evidenced by the Board of Directors declaring a common stock dividend for the 100 consecutive quarters. Thank you for your interest in People’s United. Have a good night.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful rest of your day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-16 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the M&T Bank First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Don MacLeod, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Don MacLeod: Thank you, Laurie, and good morning. I would like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's first quarter 2018 earnings conference call both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website, www.mtb.com, and by clicking on the Investor Relations link and then on the Events and Presentations link and then on the Events & Presentations link. Also, before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on Forms 8-K, 10-K, and 10-Q, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now, I would like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, Darren King.
Darren King: Thank you, Don. And good morning everyone. M&T's results for the first quarter largely reflect the continuation of the economic environment we've been operating in over the past 5 or 6 quarters and the financial trends that have emerged. The results are characterized by the following: strong year-over-year growth in net interest income reflecting continued expansion of the net interest margin combined with modestly lower loan balances as growth in commercial and consumer loans was offset by our continued run-off of the residential mortgage portfolio acquired in the merger with Hudson City. Fee revenues were comparatively stable, with trust fees continuing to be a highlight. We experienced our usual seasonal uptick in compensation related expenses during the first quarter associated with equity compensation and employee benefits cost. Aside from that, expenses continue to be well controlled. The credit environment remains very good to excellent. As announced in early February, M&T amended its capital plan for the 2017 CCAR cycle. After receiving no objection from the Federal Reserve, M&T's board of directors authorized an additional $745 million of share repurchases to be completed by the end of this year's second quarter. Let's look at the specific numbers for the quarter. Diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $2.23 for the first quarter of 2018, compared with $2.01 in the fourth quarter of 2017 and $2.12 in the first quarter of 2017. Net income for the quarter was $353 million, compared with $322 million in the linked quarter and $349 million in the year ago quarter. On a GAAP basis, M&T's first quarter results produced an annualized rate of return on average assets of 1.22% and an annualized rate of return on average common equity of 9.15%. This compares with rates of 1.06% and 8.03% respectively in the previous quarter. Included in GAAP results in the recent quarter or after-tax expenses from the amortization of intangible assets amounting to $5 million or $0.03 per common share little change from the prior quarter. Consistent with our long-term practice, M&T provides supplemental reporting on its results on a net operating or tangible basis, from which we have only ever excluded the after-tax effect of amortization of intangible assets as well as any gains or expenses associated with mergers and acquisitions when they occur. M&T's net operating income for the first quarter, which excludes intangible amortization was $357 million, compared with $327 million in the linked quarter and $354 million in last year's first quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $2.26 for the recent quarter compared with $2.04 in 2017's fourth quarter and $2.15 in the first quarter of 2017. Net operating income yielded annualized rates of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders' equity of 1.28% and 13.51% for the recent quarter. The comparable returns were 1.12% and 11.77% in the fourth quarter of 2017. In accordance with the SEC’s guidelines, this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results, including tangible assets and equity. Both GAAP and net operating earnings for the first and fourth quarters of 2017 as well as the first quarter of 2018 were impacted by certain noteworthy items. Included in the first quarter of 2017’s results was an $18 million tax benefit that arose from accounting guidance for equity compensation. This amounted to $0.12 per common share. Included in the last year’s fourth quarter results was a contribution to the M&T Charitable Foundation amounting to $44 million. That contribution equaled $27 million after-tax effect or $0.18 per common share. The contribution exceeded the $21 million of realized securities gains recognized during the fourth quarter. M&T’s effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was also impacted by changes to US corporate tax rates. M&T’s provision for income taxes for the quarter was increased by approximately $85 million as a result of the tax law changes reflecting a revaluation of the corporation's net deferred tax assets. This amounted to approximately $0.56 per common share. In aggregate, these items lowered net income for the fourth quarter by $98 million or $0.65 per diluted common share. During the recent quarter, M&T increased its reserve to litigations matters by $135 million to reflect the status of preexisting litigation. That increase on an after-tax basis reduced net income by $102 million or $0.68 of diluted earnings per common share. Also, during the first quarter of 2018 M&T received a cash distribution of $23 million from Bayview Lending Group which is reflected in other revenues from operations. This amounted to $17 million after-tax effect or $0.12 per diluted common share. Similar to last year, M&T’s results for the first quarter included $9 million tax benefit relating to the new accounting guidance for equity compensation. That amounted to $0.06 per diluted common share. That benefit coupled with the lower corporate income tax rate reduced M&T’s effective tax rate for the quarter to just shy of 23%. Earlier, I note $21 million of realized security gains in last year’s fourth quarter which arose primarily from the sale of a current -- of a portion of our JSD preferred stock holdings. Our results for the first quarter reflect a $9 million unrealized loss on our portfolio of equity securities primarily comprised of our remaining holdings of JSD preferred stock. New accounting guidance requires equity securities to be revalued through the income statement instead of through other comprehensive income. Looking ahead, impact from this accounting change on holdings of equity securities could result in some volatility in securities gains or losses. Turning to the balance sheet and to the income statement, taxable equivalent net interest income was $980 million in the first quarter of 2018, little change from the linked quarter. The comparison with the prior quarter reflects the impact from two fewer days in the recent quarter partially offset by expansion of the net interest margin to 3.71% up 15 basis points from 3.56% in the linked quarter. The increase in short-term interest rates resulting from the fed's December and March rate actions added a benefit to the margin of as much as 9 basis points in 2018’s first quarter. This was in excess of our projections as the LIBOR rate grows more rapidly than the Fed funds target rate. A lower level of average balances of funds placed on deposit with the Fed had an estimated 4 basis point positive effect on the margin. The lower cash balances were primarily the result of some seasonal volatility in commercial deposits as well as fluctuations in trust-related deposits. As it is usual the today shorter first quarter, compared with the previous quarter reflected an estimated 2 basis point benefit to the margin arising from the impact of 30 over 360 interest basis assets. Average loans declined by less than 1% compared with the previous quarter. Customers sentiment appears to be stronger while paydown activity seems to be slowing. Commercial real estate activity is picking up slightly. Looking at loans by category on an average basis compared with the linked quarter, commercial and industrial loans were roughly flat, compared with the linked quarter. Commercial real estate loans were up approximately 2% or roughly 6% annualized compared with the fourth quarter. Funding of construction loans was a primary driver. As noted, residential real estate loans which are largely comprised of mortgage loans acquired in the Hudson city transaction continued the plan rate of paydown. The portfolio declined by some 4% or approximately 14% annualized consistent with previous quarters. Consumer loans were up 1% growth in indirect and recreation finance loans continue to outpace declines in home equity lines and loans. Regionally broken floor plan balances was offset by softness Encina activity elsewhere, and which was fairly uniform across our footprint while CRE demand was a little better in New Jersey upstate New York and our metro region, which includes New York City. Average core customer deposits, which exclude deposits received at M&T's Cayman Islands office and CDs over $250,000 declined an estimated 3% compared with the fourth quarter. Turning to non-interest income. Non-interest income totaled $459 million in the first quarter, compared with $484 million in the prior quarter. As noted, the recent quarter included $9 million of unrealized securities losses while 2017's final quarter included $21 million of realized securities gains. As I noted, included in other revenue from operations for the recent quarter is a $23 million distribution from Bayview lending group. Mortgage banking revenues were $87 million in the recent quarter, compared with $96 million in the linked quarter. Residential mortgage loans originated for sale were $625 million in the quarter, down about 10% from $696 million in the fourth quarter. Total residential mortgage banking revenues including origination and servicing activities were $62 million, essentially flat, compared with the prior quarter. Commercial mortgage banking revenues were $26 million in the first quarter, compared with $34 million in the linked quarter reflecting seasonally lower originations activity. That comparable figure in the first quarter of 2017 was also $26 million. Trust income was $131 million in the recent quarter, up from $130 million in the previous quarter and 9% above the $120 million earned in last year’s first quarter. New business generation continues to be strong and results were aided by the appreciation in the equity markets. Service charges on deposit accounts were $105 million, down seasonally from $108 million in the fourth quarter. Turning to expenses. Operating expenses for the first quarter, which exclude the amortization of intangible assets were $927 million. The first quarter’s operating expenses included a $135 million addition to the reserve for litigation matters, while last year's fourth quarter results included a $44 million contribution to the M &T charitable foundation. Operating expenses for the recent quarter also included $56 million of seasonally high compensation costs, related to the accelerated recognition of equity compensation expense for certain retirement eligible employees. The HSA contribution, the impact of annual incentive compensation on the 401K match and FICA payments as well as the annual reset in FICA payments and unemployment insurance. Those same items amounted to an approximate $53 million increase in salaries and benefits and last year's first quarter. As usual, these seasonal factors will not recur as we enter the second quarter Next, let's turn to Credit. Overall credit quality continues to be in line with our expectations, matching the benign trends seen over the past four years. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were 19 basis points for the first quarter, compared with 12 basis points in the fourth quarter, which included a higher level of recoveries from previously charged off loans. Charge-offs in last year's first quarter also equals 19 basis points. The provision for credit losses was $43 million in the recent quarter exceeding net charge-offs by $2 million. The allowance for credit losses was $1 billion at the end of March. The ratio of the allowance to total loans was unchanged at 1.16%. Nonaccrual loans decreased by $18 million at March 31, compared with the end of 2017. The ratio of nonaccrual loans to total loans declined by 1 basis point ending the quarter at 0.99%. Loans 90 days past due on which we continue to accrue interest excluding acquired loans that had been marked to a fair value discounted acquisition were $235 million at the end of the recent quarter. Of these loans $224 million for 95% were guaranteed by government related embassies. Looking at capital. M&T's common equity tier 1 ratio was an estimated 10.59% compared with 10.99% at the end of the fourth quarter, and which reflects earnings retention during the first quarter share repurchases and the impact from the net decline in end of period risk weighted assets. During the first quarter M&T repurchased 3.8 million shares of common stock at an aggregate cost of $721 million. Turning to the outlook. Based on first quarter results, our outlook for 2018 remains consistent with what we've shared with you on the January conference call. To reiterate those thoughts, we expect 2018 overall to look much like 2017 with growth in total loans ranging from flat to a low-single digit pace. The net interest margin has widen following the December and March actions by the Fed and the market is expecting additional actions over the remainder of 2018. Based on the current level of interest rates and reflecting the impact of the interest rate hedges we entered into last year, we continue to estimate that hypothetical future 25 basis points increase in short term rates should result in a 5 to 8 basis points benefit to the net interest margin. This also embeds a series of assumptions on resultant deposit pricing reactivity for various deposit categories. So far, deposit pricing reactivity continues to be less than we have modeled. Based on those balance and margin assumptions, we expect modest year-over-year growth in net interest income. The higher interest rate environment has impacted residential mortgage loan originations both volumes and gain on sale margins. Residential mortgage banking revenues could be pressured absent our ability to acquire additional servicing or sub-servicing business. We do anticipate seasonal improvement in commercial mortgage banking revenues as the year progresses. The outlook for the remaining fee businesses remains stable with growth in low to mid-single digits. Notwithstanding the addition to reserve for litigation matters, we expect low to nominal growth in total operating expenses in 2018 compared to last year. As noted, we expect the seasonal surge in salaries and benefits we saw in the first quarter to normalize in the second quarter. Our outlook for credit remains little changed. There are no apparent significant pressures on particular industries or geographies. However, one factor in most of the stress credits we're seeing at present is leverage. As to capital, we continue to execute on the 2017 capital plan with $475 million of repurchase capacity remaining through the end of second quarter. We have submitted our capital plan for the 2018 ECAR cycle to the Federal Reserve and await discuss testing results, which should be published late in the quarter. Of course, as you are aware, our projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events and other macroeconomic factors, which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. Now, let's open up the call to questions. Before which Lorry will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe of Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe: I guess just starting with the loan growth. You mentioned that sentiment is picking up, [pay down just filling] but the guidance for loan growth still seems pretty, I mean I am going to say tepid for the flat single digit pace given the run-off for the resi-mortgages of course. When you look at first quarter numbers, I mean were you expecting first quarter to be fairly weak with a stronger half pick up? I am just trying to get a sense of if this trend is in line with your expectations for loan growth, because the industry loan growth as you probably can imagine is pretty weak overall.
Darren King: Sure, Ken. When -- what’s happened in the first quarter is pretty consistent with how we expected the year would unfold. When we were looking at 2018 it was our view that the trends that we have seen in the back half of 2017 would start to moderate a little bit meaning that the paydowns would likely slow down a little bit but not enough for the originations to materially outrun them and we see kind of slower growth in the first half of the year and it would pick up in the back half of the year as the impact of the -- most importantly the tax changes goes through and businesses have a better sense of where GDP is heading and how they choose to invest. It seems like there has been more optimism within our customer base since the tax reform. I guess the only thing that’s dampened that a little bit of late has been some of the trade and tariff conservation that’s going on, and I think there’s a little bit of uncertainty now based on those comments there or those actions that are ongoing. But overall the mood is definitely more positive than what we saw in the second half of last year and where the first quarter ended up is very consistent with our expectations that we had coming into 2018.
Ken Zerbe: Got it. Okay, great. And then just second question. Could you just give a little more detail in terms of what those equity securities were in the year holding on balance sheet that drove some of the volatility? And I guess also the question is like why are you still holding them or what’s the rational for holding them given that they will introduce additional earnings volatility going forward?
Darren King: So those equity securities are almost entirely [GSE] preferred so Fannie and Freddie, those are securities that we’ve had since I think about 2007 and we wrote them down pretty dramatically in ‘09 or ‘10, I have to get the exact date for you, but they are pretty much fully written down. When we were going through the fourth quarter of last year and looking at the changes to the tax law, we sold down a substantial portion of those but we kept a little bit because of where the pricing had moved and where we thought the real value was. So, there’s a little bit left over and it’s down to an all book value maybe $18 million, no less than that $9 million, the current value I think is around $18 million. So, there’s not a lot of downside in the valuation and if get some [GSE] reform we see investment will payoff down the road.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pancari of Evercore.
John Pancari: On the deposit side, just give us a little more color on the decline in the non-interesting bearing. How much of that was seasonal factor and how much of it was just the trend through the quarter and how much of that expected in terms of that type of move? Thanks.
Darren King: So, John on deposit balances and movements in the quarter there are three factors, one of the trust-related and two of them related to commercial. So, trust demand balances as you guys know move around quite a bit depending on the activity in the capital markets and it was a little bit slower in the first quarter than what we had seen in the fourth quarter which that moves a reasonable amount from one quarter to the next depending on what’s going on. Within the commercial book we do see a seasonal decline in commercial deposit balances usually every first quarter, what tends to happen as commercial companies will build up their deposit balances going into the fourth quarter as they prepare for their distributions to their principles and to employees, and as that gets paid out you see those balances go down. We are starting to see a little bit more interest in suite balances, as rates have moved up, corporate treasures have shown a little more interest in managing the return that they're getting on their balances, you’re seeing that in some movement into suite and discussions about that, some movements and rates and the combination of those two things commercial, and trust-related deposits that move the non-interest-bearing down in the first quarter. As we look forward, we also see in some of our interest-bearing checking accounts, likely some movement there in the future quarters related to escrow balances where we are expecting some of those escrow balances to move from M&T to other organizations which those balances we pay pretty much Fed funds on them and so will replace them with a like deposit instrument at a similar cost so we are not anticipating any change materially to our cost of funds, but there will be some geography movement in terms of where the balances fit on the balance sheet the in future quarters.
John Pancari: And then secondly on the expense side, I know, in terms of your outlook you mentioned nominal growth there. I think you had previously indicated approximately 2% are so give or take in terms of year-over-year expense growth for the year of 18’ is that still intact is that the best way to think about nominal?
Darren King: That's the best way to think about it John and when we talked about this on the fourth quarter so whole of the litigation reserve to decide. What we had talked about was kind of what we would describe as normal quarterly expenses which tend to appear most in the second and third quarter. And if you annualize those and kind of grew those around 2% and then add-on the seasonal compensation cost that we just discussed and happen in the first quarter, which they always do that was the math behind the expense number and the target.
John Pancari: So, the positive operating leverage expectations are still impacting?
Darren King: The positive operating leverage expectations is certainly intact.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kenneth Usdin of Jefferies.
Kenneth Usdin: If I could just follow on, on the balance sheet. John would you given that there is still some remixing to your point about the deposits. Do you think that this quarter kind of mark the bottom for the average earning asset base given that flush out that you would had and some of your points about some of the ins and outs that might go forward [next to that] earning assets growth from here or is it still a net down that could still happen?
Darren King: So, Ken, when you think about the earning assets, it can be a little tricky quarter-to-quarter just because of the dollars that sit at the fed that are trust related and we’ve seen some large moves quarter-to-quarter on those that they can move by $1 billion or $2 billion at the end of 2016. They actually move by $2 billion or $3 billion a quarter. So, if we hold those to the site because they are a little bit less predictable and we just look at the lending and loan balances were close to the bottom. I don't know that we are quite there yet but we are close. And the reason I'm not quite calling the bottom right now is depending on the rate of pickup in commercial loan growth. So, we saw some nice uptick in commercial real estate balances this quarter and we saw C&I balances kind of flatten out which is a good thing, but in aggregate, we've got the runoff of that residential real estate portfolio. And just the normal amortization and paydown, which looks like we've been seeing over the last few quarters around 13% to 14% annualized until that portfolio gets a little bit smaller the dollars that we need to add in other categories meaning in C&I and CRE or another consumer loans needs to be $600 million a quarter is for us to see absolute growth in total loan balances. And it's the combination of those factors. I think we are close. If we get a little bit more uptick in investing activity in our commercial customers and commercial real estate then I think we will see that turn sooner. And if not then we will probably be flattish through the year, which is why we gave the overall guidance for the year of flat to kind of low single-digits.
Kenneth Usdin: And as a follow up to that you know you mentioned expectation for a modest NII growth, but even with the FTE adjustment delta you are up six and change already just based on this December-hike pulling through. So, if we continue to get the fed funds curve move forward and the type of pull through on that 5 to 8 basis points, it seems that you could do decently better than quite modest, I don’t know if you can help us talk through a zone of expectations on that front door to an extent will be helpful.
Darren King: Sure, as we look forward at the net interest income and future fed moves, what's left in the forward curves today I think is an increase in late summer, mid to late summer and one right at the end of the year. So, the one of the end of the year will have not a material impact on our net interest income for the year. So, there is one more rate increase. I think when we originally came into 2018, we were expecting two; one of which we thought would happen in January and it happened in December, so the rate of increase in fed funds rates is a little bit faster than what we thought. And as long as we can maintain loan balances in line with the guidance that we gave and what we have seen so far there is probably a little bit more upside in net interest income. But I wouldn't think a ton. We don’t anticipate seeing as much of a gain in dollars and net interest income in 2018 as we saw in 2017.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matt O'Connor: I was wonder if you could talk a bit about your technology spend and just kind of thoughts on whether you have to further ramp it up listen out the next couple years. And obviously your [cost signs] this year was pretty clear as that was relatively flat, extra-legal charge. But just conceptually how you think about investment spend as you look out the next couple of years.
Darren King: Sure. So, technology spend has been increasing at the bank pretty consistently for the last 3 to 5 years certainly over the last 4. When we look back at where we have spent in our trajectory into 2018. In total, our IT spend has been growing 10% to 13% a year. That's both on new technology as well as on maintaining plant and equipment. When you think about the categories that we're investing in, is very broad. I tend to think about it in terms of customer facing tools that we're investing in, we've talked about our mobile app and upgrades we've made to the mobile app and the website. This year we'll see Zelle go live late second quarter early third quarter. We're making some improvements to the tools that our commercial customers use for their cash management. So, things to help make it easier for customers to work with the bank. We're investing in employee enabling tools, we're making major investment in our commercial loan origination systems, which are intended to help the RMs spend less time in front of their computers doing loan spreads and putting packages together and get them more time to be with customers helping advise them on their business needs. In the consumer space, we're improving our account opening tools and procedures so that the amount of time it takes to open the checking account or credit card account can be dramatically reduced so that our team members can spend more time giving advice to customer during that interaction rather than taking information and preparing the application. And then there is investments that we're making in infrastructure that we need to make just because we're a bank. We've been investing a lot in data quality and our data warehouse. We of course invest in privacy and cybersecurity to make sure that we're buttoned down. And when you add up investments along those dimensions, that's where we've been investing our technology dollars and will continue to. What has been happening though, it's a wash in the expense numbers is that as we make those improvements or we think those investments there are other parts of the bank where we're becoming more efficient. Where it changes the process and business model are helping us reduce our costs and therefore you don't see it's clearly in the numbers the big spike in technology investment. And I think the other thing that we've talked about before is you don't tend to see that big spike, because for us, we are very measured in the space at which we deploy new technology and we find that that's an important way to minimize the risk and it minimizes risk in two fashions the less change you introduced to the system or at least more measured you are. If something goes wrong, it's easy to correct and fix and identify. Because there is only a couple of things that have changed in any given time. And the other important aspect of risk management is the change that you introduced to your employees and to your customers. Too much change all at once can cause service disruptions or can cause short term pain while employees adapt to the new way of doing business. And for that reason, we try to be very measured and consistent in terms of the pace in which we're investing in and deploying new technology.
Matt O'Connor: Okay, that's helpful. And then just separately, if you look at your CET 1 obviously very strong at 10.6. And just what are your thoughts in terms of where you need to be longer term kind of in this new regulatory environment that we're in. That seems like there is been some soft thing for banks enjoying in particular for you, for banks your size and risk profile.
Darren King: Sure. So, where we sit with our CET1 ratio today is I would say middle-ish of the peer group based on where we saw everyone’s CET1 ratios through the end of last year. And we’ve talked about for the last few years, our objective is to operate towards the bottom end of that peer range. That’s a bit of a moving target. But when we look at as you pointed out, our business model and the strength and lack of volatility in our earnings, we think that that’s a good targeted place for us to be. As the rules get sorted out and the changes come through as we see the changes that were proposed by the fed last week as well as the bill in the house right now, as more clarity comes from those bills and the direction, we will obviously continue to asses where we are operating and what we think makes sense for M&T.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan.
Steven Alexopoulos: I wanted first follow-up on C&I. When you talk to your C&I customers what are they saying that they are likely to do in the short run from the benefit of the lower tax rate? And are they at least signaling that an increase in CapEx and investments coming at some point?
Darren King: Sure. So, based on our conversations with our C&I customers in particular over the last 90 or so days, we mentioned that there’s been a definite movement up in terms of their optimism and there has been more discussion with our relationship managers about investment in property, plant and equipment. So those discussions are starting which I take as a positive sign because that hadn’t been the case during 2017 and before. So, I think there’s a little bit more optimism that GDP growth rates will stick where they are at least for a long enough time horizon to get customers comfortable, making those investments and adding back that fixed expense so to speak to their income statements. So definitely a little more positivity and we’re optimistic that that will translate into some more loan demand as we go through the year.
Steven Alexopoulos: And are you seeing an increase -- maybe [drawing a line] but an increase in commitment to wanting to get the lines in place at this point?
Darren King: During the quarter we saw some uptick in commitments, probably saw a little more increase in the rate of utilization and then the rate of commitment during the first quarter but that’s not atypical.
Steven Alexopoulos: And then second one on the deposit side. You saw very modest increase in deposit cost again in the quarter. I saw a few other banks indicating, they are starting to see deposit competition stepping up a bit here. Are you seeing a shift in the environment and what you’ll need to pay on deposits? Thanks.
Darren King: Sure. Deposits competition I would say is starting to show signs of moving. It depends again on which category we’re looking at. If we look at our wealth business and affluent customers, pricing has mattered to them and their advisors for a long period of time and nothing is really new there other than the absolute rate as the -- as fed funds move. In the commercial space, we are definitely seeing business treasures thinking a lot more about how they're getting paid for their excess balances and there is more conversation about what kind of earnings credit rates are appropriate given the balances that they have and the discussions of moving more balances and the suite is those conversations are happening more frequently than they were two quarters ago. So, you can see, you can see that coming. On the consumer side when we look at what's going on there. There continues to be less action in interest checking and savings and decidedly less in the money market space with the exception of the online banks, but that from our experience is pretty typical for this point in the cycle that when rates start to move up the action tends to be in certificates of deposit, and that's where we've kind of seen most of the competition we’ve talked a little bit about that over the last couple of quarters, that so far the price competition has tended to be at the shorter end of the curve where there is some steepness, it’s tended to be 12 months or less we start to see a little bit of creep towards 18 months CD prices, but otherwise not much at the longer end of the curve, given the relative flatness of it, so those are kind of the places I think we’re starting to see it and when we run our sensitivity models we think in 25 basis point increments, so we are about where we thought we'd be maybe slightly slower with the last 25 basis points, but you can definitely feel things are starting to get little closer to when we'll see a turn.
Steven Alexopoulos: If that’s the case your new responses been at the upper end typically of the 5 to 8 basis points in response to fed move. Do you think we start moving towards the lower end of that range?
Darren King: I think each one is appearing to be unique on to itself but we continue to believe that somewhere in that range is the right place for the next 25 and likely the 25 after that if something changes will let you know but, I think that’s a good expectation.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: My first question is a follow-up on the excess capital question. As you think by where the stock is trading today on book. How should we think about how M&T's thinking on buybacks are evolving as evaluation changes and maybe I better like to ask it is. Could you help us give us sense of what your IRR is or earn back period is on your stock buybacks at current levels?
Darren King: Sure. I guess as we look at our capital position and we think about where we sit, well we start from a macro perspective, which is we want to deploy that capital obviously in the business. And the best way to deploy it is through customer growth and loan growth, which we know where that's been through the last few quarters, although we did see some uptick we always think about how much capital will need not just but what we have on the balance sheet today but future growth. And then after that we have access and the question then is how best to deploy between dividends and share repurchases or special dividend, when you look at our dividend rate now its set to increase by $0.05 per share this quarter that was approved in last year's capital plan. But after the tax rate changes our dividend payout ratio is going to be below probably 20% around 25% maybe slightly below 25% and we have historically been higher than that in kind of 27% to 33% range. So, we should expect some movement there. And then we've got what's left over, but we've never been an organization that has held onto excess capital just in case. And if there is no loan growth then the only other place to deploy it is on M&A, and given the prices of other organizations and the risk involved that we think is a better risk return trade-off right now for us to buy back our own stock than it is to either sit on it or go chasing Phil advised deals. And so that's how we think through our buyback from the top of the house and where we get to on our decision to deploy and to buy.
Erika Najarian: And just to hold up all the margin questions that you have got. Could you remind us on the asset side? Your wholesale a variable-rate exposure is the benchmark rate more one month or three-month LIBOR, and while its small for you I’m also wondering on the long-term borrowing side. If some of that in exposure has been swapped out to floating rate and if so, if its one months or three months LIBOR?
Darren King: Sure, so on the debt side that easy, it’s all been swapped, the floating and it’s based on three months. And when you look at the asset side of the balance sheet, generally our book is priced off a one-month LIBOR. There are some consumer loans. Obviously, they're priced off of prime which is really fed funds. But one-month LIBOR tends to be the pricing basis for other loans.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Elliott of Autonomous Research.
Geoffrey Elliott: When you were talking about credit you touched on beverages being driver of the issues that you haven’t seen even though at this they are pretty infrequent. Could you just elaborate a little bit on that leverage comment? What specific you have been saying?
Darren King: Sure, so if you were happen to read Renee's letter to shareholders we talked a lot -- he talked a lot in the letter about changes that are happening in the structure of the market and covenant reductions and leverage. And when we have gone through our credit which we do at the end of every month and look at the various situations that are challenged, leverage has tended to be a place where we haven’t charged anything off but that’s where things are criticized and where we have got an eye on it and it tends to be where the credit EBITDA and a debt service coverage ratios are moving into a range where there is certainly above what you would think or where we've seen traditionally our book and on both of those measures. And that's really where the comment came from -- that’s further things that we are seeing. That’s the common theme and it's not inconsistent with some of our observations about the macro market in general. Just thankfully we have lesser than our book than the average.
Geoffrey Elliott: And then maybe following up on that. Do you guys have a sense of where you think we are in the macro cycle? I know it’s clearly somebody that matters a lot to you, there are indicators that you watch internally that you think are helpful in giving a steer on that that you can talk about.
Darren King: I guess, there is not a specific internal measure that we look at and say we're early mid or late in the cycle. But I'll give you some thoughts, because it's a source of internal debate about where we are. And I think some of the macro signals are given us different messages about where we are in the cycle. So, the number one thing that has always kept us out of trouble and kept our charge us where they are is our focus on returns. And because we think about returns when we're looking at and evaluating credit decisions, we need to get comfortable with the risk reward for the decisions that we're making. And we've seen some challenges in that over the last six months seems like things go little bit better after-tax reform. But when we were looking at pricing, and covenants and collateral levels, there was some signal things or things are getting a little bit challenged. When you compare that to where GDP is and how much of a rebound there has been and just total economic activity since the last recession, this recovery is still not all the way back and to what you would see typically post-recession. But when you look at the time since the recession it would suggest that we're way far along and that we're towards the end. So, we've got some signal saying, we still got room to go when obviously we've got the backdrop of the stimulus that's happened from Washington on the positive side meaning there is still some room to run. And then when you look at where spreads are moving and where covenants are moving, these things tend to happen later in the cycle when people start grasping for growth. So that's the thought process and the observations that we have behind where we are in the cycle. Our own view is probably we're at least mid and moving towards late, but I don't think we're all the way to the late get probably got extended a little bit given the changes that recently have gone through in Washington.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Klock of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Brian Klock: So, Daren sorry I have another question on the guidance around NII. So, I think when you guys give guidance for the full year on the fourth quarter call. You said about 3% was the sort of year-over-year modest NII growth, is that the same level that we should do think about when you say modest year-over-year growth?
Darren King: I think when we gave that we were anticipating a slightly slower rate of increase in Fed funds and therefore what we might see on margin expansion. When we look over the course of the year, I guess we're probably thinking 3% to 4%, probably more like 4% now given where rates have gone offset a little bit by flattish balance sheet which Fed expectation isn't changed that much from where we are at the end of the year and a little more positive on net interest margin given where Fed funds has gone and is projected to go.
Brian Klock: Got it and that make sense. And then I guess follow up to that. Average assets obviously you talked about some of the movement in with some of the trust deposits et cetera. But the expectation was today you said average loan growth to be flat to slightly up. Do we still think average earnings assets could be flat year-over-year?
Darren King: It’s a tough one to handicap Brian, just because of the movement in that one category of assets that are putting it to set. And those relate to trust demand which is really a function of market activity that we have within our -- with the businesses and our global capital markets business and that’s really what adds a lot of volatility to the total assets picture. I guess the good news is when those assets drop, the margin goes up, but obviously the reverse is true. When you look at their impact on NII it’s really not that great and really where we spend most of our time watching is the core loans and the loan categories and where we anticipate that coming out over the course of the year and that’s really where we expect that flat to modest increase back end weighted like we’ve been talking about today in January.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Winter of Wedbush Securities.
Peter Winter: End of period loans were still slightly below the first quarter average. And I am just wondering if you could talk about what loan growth in the month of March?
Darren King: So, our loan growth in the quarter was pretty consistent with what was in the H8 data from the fed, in that it was a little bit back end loaded, a little bit better in March than we saw in January and February. Now you can get some movement in end of period balances depending on some business that sits within real estate reality capital corp where assets are waiting to go off to Fannie and Freddie, and that can cause some end of period fluctuation. But overall during the quarter we saw progressively better loan growth particularly in C&I as the quarter went on.
Peter Winter: And just very quickly, will the tax rate go back to that range of 25% to 26% going forward?
Darren King: Yes. Over the course of the year we think that’s a good range. Obviously, we gave that range because we’re -- the effects and specifics of the tax changes were unknown and this quarter was impacted by that accounting change that actually went into effect last year. But otherwise we think that’s still appropriate range we’d thinking about.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marty Mosby of Vining Sparks.
Marty Mosby: Thanks. A quick statement then a question. I think you changed their pill around a lot on the margin and balance sheet when in reality you just have transient deposits that go in and out, my margin was up by 10 basis points but my earning assets were too high. And so, once you make that adjustment our NII number was exactly what it was, what you came out with this quarter. So, it really is just the kind of pop in and out but then create incremental very low yielding low spread kind of assets that mess with the margin but not net interest income. Then my question is you got my 40% of your funding that comes from free funds which is one of the highest months for our coverage and if you look at that on the bottom of your rate paid, your contribution of interest-free funds it was 19 basis points last year that’s up to of 24 basis points this year, is that 5 basis points which I think has been a positive and we continue to be a positive lift to your margin included in this kind of 25 basis points fed gives you 5 to 8 basis points or is that kind of a lagging effect that you get after-the-fact as your asset yields roll higher?
Darren King: Marty, thanks for the statement, you nailed it with that comment about the relationship between the margin and the earning assets. As it relates to the contribution of interest-free funds that's something that we think about when we are going through our asset liability models and sensitivity and it is factored into the 5 to 8. The impact you see down here is the effect after all the changes that happen in the other categories and calculated into the net interest margin, that effect will obviously change quarter-to-quarter depending on what percentage of the funding those balances make up. And as you pointed out we’ve got a very strong percentage of the balance sheet that’s sitting in non-interest-bearing deposits, a function of our strong commercial balances as well as some of those trust demand balances that will go in there go in there and move around from quarter-to-quarter. When we look at that on a go forward basis and we think about it in our asset liability modeling and our sensitivity we have probably spend more time there thinking about will those balances shift into other categories like sweep or interest-bearing as opposed to paying a price there paying rate specifically for them, and that’s how it gets factored into that 5 to 8.
Marty Mosby: No, it just can take longer from that to be realized and that 5 to 8 kind of feels like into 10 years next quarter kind of projection so it could be that we are getting just a little bit more towards up into that range because some of this is still spilling over from our prior hikes that we’re getting down the road but thanks and appreciate the feedback.
Darren King: I think there is a little of that Marty and I think don’t forget the other thing that happened this quarter. In particular, was how one-months LIBOR moved so far in advance of fed funds that also helps in a good way, which is above that target range that range that we had given as a rule of thumb. I think without that we probably would have been more like the eight as if certainly not all the way down to the five for some of the reasons that you decided but that had a positive impact on the margin this quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Martinez with UBS.
Paul Martinez: Just building on the commentary on leverage and I guess it’s bit of a broader question but to what extent is elevated leverage amongst commercial borrowers already negatively impacting credit demand and limiting the extent to which loan growth rebounds, or can it limit the extent of loan growth rebounds even if we do see pay downs normalize even if we do see the economy and GDP growth perk up and CapEx pick up. Are we at a level where or are we at a point where maybe commercial loan growth, is more subdued than nominal GDP growth because leverage has built up in the economy over a number of years.
Darren King: It’s a great macroeconomic question, I think when you look at the banks versus the nonbanks the rules on leverage and what’s considered in HLC by the feds would have pushed a lot of the leverage that might have existed in the banking system, into the nonbanking system, since the rules changed. How much that's impacting loan growth? Perhaps at the higher end of the C&I spectrum where they were tended to access the public markets and the capital markets to issue bonds and use leverage. I think as you move down the spectrum you would tend to see a little bit less of that impacting demand, but obviously the big balances come from those larger customers. So, you are probably on the right track with your thesis of overall loan growth being impacted by that because of the impact of the bigger customers and bigger balances. It probably makes sense that when you look at where loan growth, is large banks versus small banks in the H8 that I’m sure part of the reason why you see that difference in growth rate in those two categories.
Paul Martinez: I guess a little bit more of a mundane question. Any update on the runoff of the higher costs Hudson City deposits where we are in that process and how much of the I guess a tailwind from a funding cost standpoint there is still left?
Darren King: Sure, we are getting largely through that portfolio. We are down to about 25% of our Hudson City related time deposits that have yet to reprice. So, we are three quarters of the way through that. And what's interesting is when you look at the movement in fed funds and the slow increase in the price we are paying or the rate we are paying on what we will call legacy or non-Hudson City time deposits that are creeping up, and the Hudson City ones have creeping down and we are almost at the point where they are in sync. And so, there's probably a little bit more tailwind on Hudson City deposits and their impact on our total cost of funds but we are getting to the point where those two are going to converge. And likely at some point this year we will see time deposits bottom out and start to go the other way just because where we are in the rate cycle.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: If we take a look at your history, you've done a great job in making acquisitions and I know there are opportunistic and episodic, but can you give us some color on what you're seeing out there for potential acquisitions. I know you guys don't get into bidding or auction wars or so on and so forth. But what you guys feel and what you're seeing from an opportunity to maybe to be able to get back into mergers and acquisitions in the next 12 to 18 months?
Darren King: We are certainly hopeful that the market starts to come back from what we see and hear there's some discussions, but nothing that really seemed serious at this point. I think there are remains to be remains a bit of a discrepancy between seller expectations versus buyer expectations with regard to price. And that's probably not unreasonable given where we are in the credit cycle and the rate cycle. I think that credits are as good as it's going to be. But everyone thinks that will continue on forever. And rates are going up and margins continue to expand. So, people feeling pretty good about their prospects for the future, which is impacting the price they might be willing to accept to partner with M&T or any other buyer for that matter. So, we're certainly hoping to get back in the game. But as Bob always said, and those words bring clear, thanks to -- and then willing seller for something to happen. And based on where things are right now things like there will be continuing discussions. But I suspect not a lot of actions in the short term.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Spahr or Wells Fargo.
Christopher Spahr: Thank you for taking the question. This is regarding your technology strategy and your measured approach. Can you compare that to your approach with the AML issue? Are you using a lot of in house or third-party people to kind of execute that? And a follow up question, can you give some metrics so that we can see the progress such as the remainder of users that are active online or mobile users. Thank you.
Darren King: Sure. So, when you think about how we execute technology projects, we have a combination of in house resources and outside contractors. And the mix is probably around 60-40, 60% inside 40% outside. But that can vary dramatically on the nature of the project that's being worked on. There are some instances where it might be newer technology where we need to augment our team with more outside expertise and then part of the mission of the project is to have knowledge transferred from the outside party to inside. And then there is other ones where it's primarily inside. And it's an existing system, where we have folks that have been caring, feeding of that system over the years and those upgrades or changes and enhancements will be done primarily with inside folks. As you look out at everything that’s going on in the world and the pace of change. I think it was also a common in Rene's Shareholder Letter that we're thinking little bit more about outside partnerships and evaluating those as a way to move a little bit more quickly. And so there you would see slightly different mix than we might have in the past between inside and outside resources. But in general, 60-40 is probably a good way to think about it. And when I think about mobile adoption, which is around that why that done get back to -- what the exact number is, but our mobile adoption rates continue to grow each quarter. I want to say we're in the mid-30% of active check in account users that are active on mobile and active when they'll sign on more than once in a month. What we can go back and we'll get some more exact figures on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Frank Schiraldi of Sandler O'Neill.
Frank Schiraldi: Hi, guys. Just a couple of quick ones. I just wondered if you had any or give any color on geographic trends you seen in loan growth in the quarter. Any surprises there in terms of where you're seeing a loan growth either positive or negative?
Darren King: We had some -- when we look at loan growth by geography, both C&I and CRE, we didn’t really see a ton of difference by geography for C&I. For CRE we saw a little bit of more growth in New Jersey and upstate New York and in metro or New York City. I guess when we looked more by industry or type rather than by geography that’s where we saw some interesting trends. We see continued demand for warehouse space for multi-family and also growth in assisted living and skilled nursing. And I guess when we stood back after we went through those and thought about some of the macro trends that are going on it actually made a lot of sense, that has retail that gets impacted and business shifts to the Internet, that warehouse capacity is more in demand because that’s how customer needs are being fulfilled. As the population ages, obviously, a little bit more assisted living and skilled nursing. And then one of the other macro trends that continue is people back into urban centers, particularly the millennials and empty nesters, and that’s driving demand for multi-family. So really kind of made a lot of sense to us when we look back at where the -- where some of the action was.
Frank Schiraldi: Okay, great. And then just finally wondered if you could give any color on what I call sort of the non-core items in the quarter. The increase in the litigation reserve was fairly sizable, I thought, especially given recent disclosure in the 10-K in terms of potential liability from ongoing litigation? And then secondly just the Bayview distribution, if we should just look at that really as just a one-off here? Thanks.
Darren King: Sure. So, on the litigation expense, I really don’t have any other comment on that other than what we said earlier in the call and in the earnings release as it relates to ongoing matters. So, we won't comment on that. When you look at the Bayview distribution, that was a distribution that we hope will happen on annual basis but it’s going to be based on the performance of that organization. We have an ownership stake. And as the make distributions to the other partners, we get a proportional distribution as well. We are hopeful that it will -- that they will continue but the timing and the magnitude are hard to predict.
Frank Schiraldi: Does that distribution come back or the positive outcome I guess you saw in the distribution this year, is that reflective of the securitization market coming back and their core business coming back for Bayview?
Darren King: No, not really, when you look at Bayview over the course of the last decade I guess since the change in the financial crisis, they’ve kind of reinvested themselves in how they run their business. They took a lot of the expertise that they had in mortgage lending and changed it into other related activities, and that’s part of what we are seeing in the turnaround and their results, and therefore in us receiving the distribution.
Operator: Thank you. I will now return the call to Don MacLeod for any additional or closing remarks.
Don MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, if any clarification of any of the items on the call or the news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department at area code 716 842-5138.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude the M&T Bank’s first quarter 2018 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-18 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the M&T Bank Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2017 Earnings Conference Call. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Don MacLeod, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Don MacLeod: Thank you, Scott, and good morning. I would like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's fourth quarter and full-year 2017 earnings conference call both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website, www.mtb.com, and by clicking on the Investor Relations link and then on the Events and Presentations link. Before we start, I would like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on Forms 8-K, 10-K, and 10-Q, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now, I would like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, Darren King.
Darren King: Thank you, Don, and good morning, everyone. Before we get to the results, I want to take a moment to recognize and celebrate the story, career, and life of our late Chairman and CEO, Robert Wilmers or as we all knew him Bob. Simply stated, Bob was our leader, our mentor, and most of all our friend. As a leader, Bob's track record was unparalleled. Under his stewardship, M&T grew from its position as the fourth largest bank in Buffalo to a top 20 bank in the country, which is an accomplishment in and of itself. To do so without suffering a quarterly loss and with the highest stock price appreciation amongst the 100 largest U.S. banks in existence in 1983 and which are still around today, says it all. He did the same thing with his vineyard in Bordeaux and was on a similar path with the newspapers in the Berkshires. Whether in civic or business life, Bob was truly a leader. Bob’s approach to mentoring was not what one might call traditional. Rather than fill you with advice about how to handle certain situations, Bob peppered you with questions. There were times I thought Bob only knew one word, why. Over time, you learned to ask questions of yourself from many angles, trying to anticipate where Bob might take the conversation. In fact, he pushed each of us to be better. Another favorite question of Bob's was who is the best at fill in the blank? No matter what your answer, you knew that there was a new benchmark against which your performance was going to be measured. As a friend, Bob was extremely loyal. Once you earned his trust and respect, you had a friend for life, no matter what circumstances you might encounter. Bob liked to joke with his friends, poking fun at any of us on the management team at every opportunity he could find, but it wasn't a one-way street. Bob could take it as well as he could dish it out, and never held a grudge when you landed the occasional zinger. To say we will miss him is an understatement, but not long after Bob passed, my sadness turned to pride, proud for all that Bob had accomplished in business and his personal life, proud to have been a small part of it, and proud to help carry it forward. Bob was a great man, whose impact will continue to be felt for years to come. But as you would expect, we move ahead. Our management team has decades of experience working together in banking at M&T. Rene, Rich, and Kevin have the full support of the Board, the management team, and all of our 17,000 colleagues. We have a business model that works and a culture that works. And we all believe the best way to honor Bob is by continuing his legacy well into the future. Lastly before we get to the financials, I would like to take a moment to acknowledge all of those on today's call who reached out with the note acknowledging Bob's passing. Your thoughts, prayers, and condolences gave us comfort in our time of sorrow and we are truly grateful for your friendship. Now let's turn to the results for the fourth quarter and for the year. M&T’s results for the fourth quarter were characterized by further modest expansion of the net interest margin and growth in net interest income. Trust fees remained a highlight, and expenses continued to be well controlled, and the credit environment remained solid. Highlights for the year included 9% growth in net interest income, which was a result of the Federal Reserve's program to raise short-term interest rates combined with limited deposit repricing. Credit improved from the already strong levels seen over the past three years, but net charge-offs as a percentage of loans matching results seen in 2000 and 2006, otherwise the lowest since 1987. While loan growth did not meet our expectations that subdued growth enabled us to return the excess capital we generated back to our shareholders. For the year, M&T repurchased $1.2 billion of common stock and paid an additional $457 million of common dividends to our shareholders. This resulted in a payout ratio for the year of 125%. The repurchase program resulted in a 3.4% decline in average diluted shares compared with 2016. Now let's look at the specifics of the fourth quarter. Diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $2.01 for the fourth quarter of 2017, compared with $2.21 in the third quarter of 2017 and $1.98 in the fourth quarter of 2016. Net income for the quarter was $322 million compared with $356 million in the linked quarter and $331 million in the year-ago quarter. On a GAAP basis M&T’s fourth quarter results produced an annualized rate of return on average assets of 1.06% and an annualized return on average common equity of 8.03%. This compares with rates of 1.18% and 8.89% respectively in the previous quarter. Included in the GAAP results in the recent quarter were after tax expenses from the amortization of intangibles assets amounting to $4 million or $0.03 per common share, down slightly from the prior quarter. Consistent with our long-term practice, M&T provide supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis from which we have only ever excluded the after tax effect of amortization of intangibles assets as well as any gains or expenses associated with mergers and acquisitions when they occur. M&T’s net operating income for the fourth quarter, which excludes intangible amortization was $327 million compared with $361 million in the linked quarter and $336 million in last year's fourth quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $2.04 in the recent quarter compared with $2.24 in 2017s third quarter and $2.01 in the fourth quarter of 2016. Net operating income yielded annualized rates of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders' equity of 1.12% and 11.77% for the recent quarter. The comparable returns were 1.25% and 13.03% in the third quarter of 2017. In accordance with the SEC’s guidelines, this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results, including tangible assets and equity. Both GAAP and net operating earnings for the third and fourth quarters of 2017, and the fourth quarter of 2016 were impacted by certain noteworthy items. Included in the fourth quarter of 2017s results were $21 million of gains on investment securities, which arose primarily from the sale of preferred stock issued by the government sponsored mortgage enterprises, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. This amounted to $14 million after-tax effect or about $0.09 per common share. Also included in the fourth quarter results was a contribution to the M&T Charitable Foundation amounting to $44 million. That contribution amounted to $27 million after-tax effect or $0.18 per common share. The contribution exceeded the securities gains recognized during the quarter and brought the total contributions to the foundation for 2017 to $50 million. M&T’s effective tax rate for the quarter was also impacted by the changes to the U.S. corporate tax rates. M&T’s provision for income taxes for the fourth quarter was increased by approximately $85 million as a result of the new tax law changes reflecting a revaluing of the corporation's net deferred tax assets. This amounted to $0.56 per common share. In aggregate, these items lowered net income for the quarter by $98 million or $0.65 per diluted common share. As a reminder, in the third quarter of 2017, we increased the reserve for legal matters by $50 million. That increase coupled with the non-deductible nature of the $44 million payment to the U.S. Department of Justice relating to issues at Wilmington Trust Corporation prior to its acquisition by M&T, reduced M&T's net income in the third quarter by nearly $48 million or $0.31 of diluted earnings per common share. In the fourth quarter of 2016, we contributed $30 million to the M&T Charitable Foundation, which amounted to $18 million after-tax effect and $0.12 per common share. Turning to the balance sheet in the income statement, taxable equivalent net interest income was $980 million in the fourth quarter of 2017, up $14 million from the linked quarter. The net interest margin improved to 3.56%, up 3 basis points from 3.53% in the linked quarter. We estimate that the increase in short-term interest rates notably one-month LIBOR in anticipation of the Fed's December rate action added a benefit to the margin of as much as 4 basis points. Cash interest received our non-accrual loans combined with interest collected on loans previously charged off added an estimated 3 basis points to the fourth quarter margin. A higher level of average balances of funds placed on deposit with the Fed had an estimated 4 basis point dilutive effect on the margin. The higher cash balances were the result of both increased trust demand deposits and slower reinvestment of MBS cash flows. Average loans declined less than 1% with the previous quarter, while commercial loan originations in the quarter were by far the strongest of any quarter in 2017, continued high levels of paydowns of both C&I and CRE loans combined with the ongoing runoff of the acquired Hudson City mortgage loans more than offset originations. Looking at the loans by category on an average basis compared with the linked quarter, commercial and industrial loans were about 1% lower in the linked quarter. While it did not affect the quarterly average, we did see $123 million seasonal increase in loans to auto dealers to finance their inventories at the end of the quarter, compared with the end of the prior quarter. Commercial real estate loans were down less than 1%, compared with the third quarter. CRE growth continues to be challenged by loans funding construction projects. As those projects reached completion, they are being paid off with the proceeds from long-term often fixed rate permanent financing, not typically offered by M&T. As noted, residential real estate loans which are largely comprised of mortgage loans acquired in the Hudson City transaction continue to paydown. The portfolio declined by about 3% consistent with previous quarters. Consumer loans were up 3%. Growth in indirect auto and recreation finance loans continue to outpace declines in home equity lines and loans. Regionally, no one region stood out with C&I and CRE softness across all of our geographies. Average consumer deposits, which exclude deposits received at M&T’s Cayman Island office and CDs over $250,000 were up approximately 1% annualized compared with the third quarter. The higher levels of trust demand deposits I mentioned previously were partially offset by lower time deposits as the higher cost CDs acquired with the Hudson City acquisition continue to mature. Turning to non-interest income. Non-interest income totaled $484 million in the fourth quarter, compared with $459 million in the prior quarter. Excluding the $21 million of securities gains I mentioned before, non-interest revenues grew slightly from the linked quarter. Mortgage banking revenues were $96 million in the recent quarter, compared with $97 million in the linked quarter. Residential mortgage loans originated for sale were $696 million in the quarter, down about 8% compared with the third quarter. Total residential mortgage banking revenues including origination and servicing activities were $62 million compared with $63 million in the prior quarter. Commercial mortgage banking revenues were $34 million in the fourth quarter unchanged from the relatively strong results seen in the previous quarter. Trust income was $130 million in the recent quarter, up from $125 million in the previous quarter, and up 6% from $122 million in last year's fourth quarter. New business generation continues to be strong, particularly on the institutional side of our business. Service charges on deposit accounts were $108 million, compared with $109 million in the third quarter, essentially unchanged. Turning to expenses; operating expenses for the fourth quarter, which exclude the amortization of intangible assets, were $789 million. As I mentioned earlier, the fourth quarters operating expenses included a $44 million contribution to the M&T Charitable Foundation. While the third quarter included the $50 million addition to the reserve for legal matters, excluding those items, operating expenses declined slightly as legal expenses started to subside. The efficiency ratio which excludes intangible amortization from the numerator and securities gains from the denominator was 54.7% in the recent quarter. That ratio was 56% in the previous quarter and 56.4% in 2016s fourth quarter. Now let's turn to credit. Our credit quality continues to exceed expectations. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans was just 12 basis points for the fourth quarter, compared with 11 basis points in the third quarter. The provision for credit losses was $31 million in the recent quarter exceeding net charge-offs by $4 million. The allowance for credit losses was $1 billion at the end of December, and the ratio of the allowance to total loans increased slightly to 1.16%. Non-accrual loans increased by $13 million at December 31, compared with the end of the prior quarter. The ratio of non-accrual loans to total loans increased by 1 basis point ending the quarter at 1%. Loans 90 days past due on which we continue to accrue interest excluding acquired loans that had been marked to a fair value discounted acquisition were $244 million at the end of the recent quarter. Of these loans, $235 million or 96% are guaranteed by government related entities. Turning to capital. M&T’s common equity Tier 1 ratio under the current transitional Basel-III capital rules was an estimated 10.93% compared with 10.98% at the end of the third quarter and which reflects earnings retention during the fourth quarter share repurchases and the impact from the net decline in end of period risk weighted assets. M&T repurchased $224 million of its common stock during the quarter. As noted earlier, for the year M&T repurchased $1.2 billion of common stock and paid an additional $457 million of dividends to our common shareholders resulting in a 125% payout ratio for the year. Next, I would like to take a moment to cover the key highlights of 2017s full-year results. GAAP based diluted earnings per common share were $8.70, up 12% from $7.78 in 2016. Net income was $1.41 billion improved from $1.32 billion in the prior year. These results produced returns on average assets and average common equity of 1.17% and 8.87% respectively. Net operating income which excludes intangible amortization and merger-related expenses incurred in 2016 was $1.43 billion improved from $1.36 billion in the prior year. Diluted net operating income for common share was $8.82, up 9% from $8.08 in 2016. Net operating income for 2017 expressed as a rate of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders' equity was 1.23% and 13% respectively. Turning to the outlook. Looking forward into 2018, we are as optimistic as we were at this same time last year. The economy appears poised to grow at a faster pace, unemployment remains low, and tax reform has been approved. While there has been little tangible progress in rolling back some of the post-crisis regulatory restrictions on the banking sector what we are seeing and hearing from Washington is very encouraging. However, with the caveat that the events never unfold entirely in the manner you expect, there are a few thoughts on the coming year. Loans at the end of 2017 declined about 3% from the end of the 2016. This reflected a 13% decline in residential mortgage loans predominately those acquired with Hudson City, combined with the 4% decline in C&I loans, flattish CRE loans and 9% growth in consumer loans. While as noted, commercial originations in the fourth quarter were strongest of any quarter last year, paydowns continue to be elevated. Our pipeline is solid as we entered 2018. The CRE market is active in areas such as multifamily and warehousing and distribution facilities to support the evolving retail sector. But as was the case in 2017, CRE loan growth will be impacted by our ability and appetite for providing permanent financing as construction projects reach completion. We expect continued runoff of the mortgage loan portfolio likely at a double-digit pace, although the dollar amount of the decline will lessen as the portfolio continues to get smaller. And we continue to see attractive pricing and underwriting standards in the consumer area, not unlike last year. Given these trends, we expect 2018 overall to look much like 2017 with total loans flattish to growing at a low single-digit pace with payoffs and paydowns being the wildcard. As has been the case, since the Fed began to raise interest rates late in 2015, our outlook for the net interest margin is dependent on further rate actions. A flat rate scenario should lead to some expansion of the margin as the benefit from last month's Fed action becomes fully embedded in the run rate, offsetting core margin compression. Further actions by the Fed in 2018 will potentially offer additional upside. Of course deposit pricing reactivity remains the unknown factor. Our projections reflect more pressure on deposit pricing than has been the case over the past two years. Our outlook excludes the potential impact from cash balances brought in through Wilmington Trust, which could have an impact on the reported margin, but would only have an incremental effect on revenue. The level of cash on deposit at the Fed was lower at the end of the year than the average for the quarter. Based on the current level of rates and reflecting the impact of interest rate hedges we entered into during this past year, we estimate that hypothetical future 25 basis point increase in short-term interest rates would result in a 5 basis point to 8 basis point benefit to the net interest margin. This also embeds an assumption on result in deposit pricing reactivity. Based on those balance and margin assumptions, we expect modest year-over-year growth in net interest income, a higher interest rate environment will likely challenge mortgage banking in 2017, specifically with respect to residential mortgage loan originations. As we've noted previously, we have the capacity and appetite for additional servicing or sub-servicing business should opportunities present themselves. This could offer a potential offset to slower originations. The outlook for the remaining fee businesses remains stable with growth in the low-to-mid single-digit range in the potential for trust revenues to exceed that pace. For the most part, we expect low nominal growth in total operating expenses in 2018, compared to 2017. That said, we anticipate investing some of the savings from lower taxes into our employees, technology and our communities. In the aggregate, this could amount to about 15% to 20% of the benefit from lower taxes spread over the next couple of years. I'll remind you that we expect our usual seasonal increase in salaries and benefits in the first quarter of 2018, which primarily reflects annual equity incentive compensation as well as a handful of other items. Last year that increase was approximately $50 million. While dependent on the level of the stock price at the time the equity grants vest we could see and a benefit to the tax line in the first quarter as was the case last year, although likely to smaller. Our outlook for credit remains little changed. They’re continue to be some modest pressures on non-performing and criticize loans, but there are no apparent pressures on particular industries or geographies. Our outlook for credit losses remains relatively stable. Net charge-offs amounted to just 16 basis points last year, following 18 basis points in 2016 and 19 basis points in each of 2014 and 2015. All of which, are roughly half our long-term average of 35 basis points. In fact, 16 basis points of losses matched the levels we reported in 2006, but are otherwise the lowest we've experienced since 1987. But as we've said on this call last year and the year before, our conservatism won’t let us count on beating that figure in 2017. Regarding taxes, we believe the best way to illustrate how the new tax law might impact our results is to estimate what our effective tax rate would have been if the new laws had been in place at the beginning of 2017. We estimate that rate would have been 24.9% for full-year 2017. An effective tax rate in the range of 25% to 26% is a reasonable expectation for 2018. As to capital, the combination of higher than expected earnings combined with slower than expected balance sheet growth has resulted in our capital levels remaining in excess of what we believe is necessary to operate in a safe and sound manner given our long history of low earnings and low credit volatility. And even though our total payout ratio for 2017 was 125%, the capital ratios are still higher than they were at the end of 2016. We remain committed to returning capital that we can't deploy intelligently to our shareholders. And while we expect to continue to participate in the consolidation of the industry, we don't believe in warehousing capital until an opportunity presents itself. Of course, as you are aware, our projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events, and other macroeconomic factors which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. Now let's open up the call to questions before which Scott will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Steven Alexopoulos: Hey, good morning, Darren.
Darren King: Good morning, Steven.
Steven Alexopoulos: I want to start – can you talk about – give more color on the C&I loan growth? You talked about paydowns being elevated, maybe can you quantify that? And what's your view how tax reform impacts loan growth in 2018?
Darren King: Okay. And we'll go through those in turn. So C&I loan growth, when we look at the fourth quarter and we talked about this on the third quarter call, fourth quarter originations were very strong, best quarter of the year, and when we entered the quarter, the pipeline at the end of the third quarter was as strong as we had seen all year. So those two things made a lot of sense to us. What we've been seeing really throughout or had seen throughout 2017 was elevated paydowns in both CRE and C&I. When we have looked specifically at what we saw in C&I, we saw the increased activity largely from private equity whereby we had customers who were selling all our parts of their business because asset prices have been pretty inflated given the abundance of capital chasing deals. And so that activity was a little higher than what we have historically seen, probably 5 to 10 percentage points higher than we had historically seen in terms of payoffs and paydowns as a result of that. So when we talk about that as a wildcard that's kind of where our thinking is, how much that continues, at what pace that continues a little bit hard to predict. When you think about the impact of tax reform on lending and loan growth in 2018, it’s hard to believe that it won't have a positive impact. To me and to us, the question is more the timing of how quickly that happen? I think if you – everyone is I believe trying to figure out what the impact of the tax reform means to them. For many businesses, what it means for their cash position, for their repatriating cash? How much of that cash they're going to use? What their current capital structure looks like, whether they're over the 30% or 35% limit on interest deductibility? So there's a number of factors that I think people are just going to work their way through. And for us, we're not expecting a big up tick in the next quarter, but we expect as the year goes on and as the GDP growth takes hold and employment stays where it is or potentially gets better that you'll see some of that demand start to pick up as the year goes on.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. That's helpful. If I could ask you one other question on deposits, you guys have really put up one of the lowest beta as we've seen in the industry, give us some color on the lack of deposit pressure or your commercial customers just not demanding more? Is there any pent up pressure where we might see a larger adjustment at some point? Thanks.
Darren King: Yes. So I guess a couple things on our deposit and overall cost of funds. You need to keep in mind that we’ve continue to have our run down and repricing of our Hudson City time portfolio. So that's something that we have. That's a little bit unique to us compared to others in the industry. So that's helping our funding costs. The other thing is we've done very well with maintaining non-interest bearing deposits and we've seen some migration into those accounts and a mix shift has helped with our overall cost of funding. When you look underneath and you see where some of the pricing movement is happening, certainly our trust demand deposits and our mortgage escrow balances are typically linked to the index, so those ones are 100% reactive. When we look underneath at our private banking and our commercial, we saw a bigger uptick in our pricing in the third quarter than we did in the fourth. The fourth quarter prices moved up a little bit in those two categories, but not as much as we had seen in the third quarter. And I think on the commercial side, there's certainly some pressure there. I’ll remind you that that's earnings credit, which kind of shows up as an offset to fees. And generally balances are still strong, folks haven't put that those balances to use yet in the business. So they have more than enough fee offsets that they're not demanding as much from an earnings credit rate at the moment. We've got our eye on that. It's something we pay a lot of attention to and we're always considering what the impact is of earnings credit rates versus balance diminishment, and those two things cannot offset each other, and we pay a lot of attention to that. But it's something I think us and the industry are all expecting to see, but we take a 25 basis point increase by 25 basis point increase.
Steven Alexopoulos: Great. Thanks for all the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore. Your line is open.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Darren King: Hi, John.
John Pancari: Darren, I wondered if you can talk a little bit more about the – on the expense growth. I believe – just want to confirm, you indicated nominal expense growth for 2018 and then also what would that equate in terms of the amount of positive operating leverage that you could expect for the year? Thanks.
Darren King: So here's how I would think about expenses. If you look at the third and second quarter of 2017, those would be more normal expenses, so third quarter you want to take out the legal settlement, but otherwise those quarters kind of give you a good sense of where the run rate is on average. And starting from that base, we anticipate expense growth less than 2%. And then we announced last night that we plan to invest some of the tax savings in our hourly employees, many of those are the face of the bank. There are tellers and our telephone center reps, and we expect that to increase the expenses a little bit beyond that 2%-ish growth rate that I mentioned prior, and if you put those together that's kind of where the expenses are to come out for the year. When you think about operating leverage, I would expect, we would be 1% to 2% positive operating leverage over the course of the year and that could move depending on when and by how much the Fed changes Fed funds rates.
John Pancari: Okay. Thanks. And then separately on the capital side, I heard you on the – that you're not going to warehouse until opportunities come up, but on that opportunistic angle, can you give us your updated thoughts around acquisitions on the whole bank side and non-bank? What are you seeing and what do you think is likely to materialize for 2018? Thanks.
Darren King: Sure. So our thoughts about acquisition and what makes sense for us hasn't changed from what we’ve talked about in the third quarter. Obviously, we’re interested in whole banks. We’d be interested in branch networks, but we'd also be interested in wealth and asset management as well as mortgage servicing. So it's pretty broad, the types of things we would consider. I guess I would describe the market right now is fairly quiet. I think everyone is digesting what tax reform means for them, what it might mean for their business. Their digesting the current credit environment and what that looks like? And so from what we've seen right now, there's a lot of activity, which is why we've made the comment that we wouldn't sit and wait for something to come around before we deployed capital back to our shareholders.
John Pancari: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ken Zerbe: Great, thanks. Just go back to the comment that you said you're going to reinvest, called 15% to 20% of the tax savings back into the business. Obviously, I saw the $25 million you talked about, which is probably a little less than the 15% to 20%. But what are their actions are you thinking about that you could be taking that you're referring too in terms of following it back into expenses? Thanks.
Darren King: Sure. So as you mentioned, we talked about the increase to the hourly rates once fully implemented. Those will be worth about $25 million, we think on a run rate. There is other actions that we are considering for employees like 401(k), match increases things like that. So investing in our employees will continue to invest in our communities. Traditionally we've given [1.9%] of net income every year to our communities and with the tax increase. We would expect to benefit our communities a little bit with that. And then the other thing is continued increase in our infrastructure in particular technology. And so we described an increase of 15% to 20% of the savings over the next couple of years, but these things will feather in over the course of 2018 and 2019, as we do our work and we think about what ways of investing that those dollars will be most impactful for our business. Obviously technology is something that's important and we will continue to invest in. But it's not one of those things that you can just write a check tomorrow and pay for software off the shelf and then go back to a different run rate. It starts to embed in your expense base and will be thoughtful about how we do that, but we thought it was important to signal where our intentions were going.
Ken Zerbe: Got, understood. And then just – in terms of credit, I think you said the outlook is relatively stable, obviously your first half credit was different from the second half credit. Are you talking about full-year stable or stable from sort of fourth quarter levels?
Darren King: I think in stable more from like the last four years, stable and I'm thinking more – both the third quarter was very strong. The fourth quarter was strong and impacted by recoveries. So if you look at where we had been in the prior three years that's kind of where our head is that.
Ken Zerbe: Got, understood. And then just last question, in terms of the CRE growth or lack of CRE growth, I think you mentioned that the growth going forward is going to depend on your willingness to offer more perm financing, which you've been hesitant to do. What does that depend on? Is just the yield? Are you seeing bad structures in the market, but why are you not in that market today and what might get you in there?
Darren King: So primarily it's pricing. That the yields and the rates that are being offered by our competitors are lower than we think make economic sense for us over the long-term, obviously there's a relationship involved. Those are mortgages that we will do. But this year has been particularly active. We've seen the insurance companies particularly active in the 10-year space with a lot of interest only option. So it's just not something we've generally participated in. If the pricing changes and returns change, then our activity in that space would likely change as well. But the big issue for us on the construction or the commercial real estate is we had that run up through 2015 and 2016 in construction and as those projects come to completion they paydown, which is – it actually a good thing because that's what we're really hoping for when we do those loans is that they'll get completed and people will take over the permanent financing if it's multifamily or the condo owners obviously accept their units and pay us down, but take out a personal mortgage so.
Ken Zerbe: Right.
Darren King: Not expecting any material change, given what we see out there in the world right now, but obviously if rates change, we would be willing to participate.
Ken Zerbe: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Kenneth Usdin: Thanks. Good morning. Darren, I want to ask you about a mix of the balance sheet. I notice that the securities portfolio has shrunk over the course of the year, offset on the wholesale borrowing side. Just can you help us understand just where your comfort zone is both in absolute levels of that securities book and whether or not that changing rate environment will cause you to think about adding – to turning the corner on that going forward?
Darren King: Sure. So the securities portfolio, the primary driver is liquidity coverage ratio. And what we need to have in securities to make sure that we're compliant with the coverage ratio. When you look at the last little bit or over the course of the year, given how the balance sheet has evolved, we haven't needed the securities portfolio to be as big and that moves around a little bit with our cash balances, which are affected by trust demand, but then also how we choose to reinvest the mortgage-backed securities payoffs that sit within the securities portfolio. And really over the last quarter, maybe the last two quarters a little bit given where short rates were when we looked at what was running off and where rates were likely going, we've felt better just keeping that in cash because the premium you were getting to invest it for two years wasn't really worth it. So as you go forward, I'd be looking at cash and securities together and where we need to see some – have a better feeling about what the shape of the curve is going to look like before we make any decisions to change that reinvestment rate or change the mix of what we’re investing in.
Kenneth Usdin: Okay, got it. And then to follow-up on that deposit side, you mentioned that the Hudson City loan book might start slowing its rate of decline. Can you help us understand the offsetting side of that on the time deposits, like how much – how fast and how much of that is still left to runoff that how fast do you think that will be running down?
Darren King: So the rate of decrease is slowing just in dollar certainly because the portfolio is smaller. When you look at what's left to reprice, we're down to less than a third of the balances that need to reprice. Much of the book has shifted towards shorter duration CDs typically six months or a year. And when we're in the market most of the activity is in that one-year space. We are starting to see a little bit of movement into two-year, but really it's all been around one-year is where all the activity is. So what's out there are some longer dated CDs that were three and five years back at origination and as those come due obviously they'll reprice and they'll either likely go short, which is what has been typical if they stay on the balance sheet or the runoff. I would be thinking $1 billion to $2 billion of additional runoff and time in those CDs that are Hudson City related over the next 12 to 18 months. The offset to that is when you come out of a lower interest rate environment, generally the place where balances move first is into the time deposit. So while there might be some decrease in legacy Hudson City time deposits. When you look at the total time deposit category, it might not decrease by that same amount because we expect we'll see some shift of money market in the time over the course of 2018.
Kenneth Usdin: Okay. I understood. Thanks for that Darren.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Elliott with Autonomous Research. Your line is open.
Geoffrey Elliott: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Back to technology, you touched on that briefly earlier scenario where you'd like to invest. How do you think you stock out there relative to peers and competitors?
Darren King: Well, it's a good question. I don't have a great benchmark for what others look like. You have the most obvious ones, which are your mobile devices which are probably the most benchmark of anything. When I look at our online and in branch capabilities, I think we stack up well. I think on the mobile we're competitive, but we will be looking to improve in our mobile channel through time. We're teed up to implement Zelle this year, which will be a big positive, and we're looking forward too. But I guess when we think about mobile technology across all of our lines of business, our view is that mobile is now regular cost of doing business and it's not a technology event, right. So when you think about you see on your phone, the little red circle in the corner of an app that says by the App Store there's an update available. That's the mentality that we're bringing to mobile. It’s something that you're going to be constantly providing updates and new feature functionality, which will really become an embedded expense. When you look across the rest of the franchise that what's datacenter versus what's cloud and core applications. Our core applications are pretty much the same as everyone else, and in fact, we believe that we have fewer of them than others because our acquisition history was not to maintain dual system environments, but to consolidate always to one. But we're always investing and maintaining those core systems or investing in infrastructure like data, investing in security, cyber security obviously being a big one and making sure that our environment is safe. So there's a number of places where we're investing technology dollars. Some of them very visible to the outside world, but many of them inside to the bank and making sure that we're stable and safe.
Geoffrey Elliott: And when you think about potential M&A, do you think you could do M&A to acquire new tech capabilities is not something you’d look out?
Darren King: That’s a really good question. I think when we look at technology, we would be open to talking to people to bring technology capability to our customers, but to acquire another bank just to get their systems is probably a tough one. And the reason I say that, I would never say never, but the reason I say that is typically you're buying a bank that's smaller than you. And if you’re going to convert M&T on to a smaller bank systems and technology architecture and infrastructure, you'd want to be really certain that it was ready to handle that kind of volume, right. Typically we're very conservative and worried about risk, and to that end, we've generally converted others on to our systems because as a percentage of the business it's small and we know that we can handle it from an infrastructure perspective, and it minimizes the risk should something go bad. But are we looking more at partner opportunities to deploy new technology? Absolutely. And could that mean investments in some of those? We'd be open to it, if it makes sense.
Geoffrey Elliott: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Klock with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods. Your line is open.
Brian Klock: Hey. Good morning, Darren.
Darren King: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Klock: On the expense side, I just want to kind of catch back up and just make sure I understand the guidance. When you look at the last three quarters on an operating basis, taking out the Wilmington Trust and the charitable donation in the fourth quarter, it’s averaging about $755 million a quarter. So that's the base we should be thinking about quarterly and then grow that by 2% when we think about 2018, is that the right way to think about that?
Darren King: That's the right way to think about it. Yes, and obviously you've got the first quarter increase that is pretty typical, and then the $25 million that we disclosed yesterday that would be the run rate of investments in our employees.
Brian Klock: So that $25 million would be additive to the 2% growth on top of that?
Darren King: That's right. But you won’t see the full $25 million likely in 2018, it'll come in over the course of the year, and the full $25 million would be more likely in 2019s run rate.
Brian Klock: Okay. And then really the other cost of operations in the fourth quarter that typically can be seasonally higher for you guys in the fourth quarter and when you adjust it for the Wilmington Trust and the charitable donation, it was down about $15 million sequentially. And usually, the first quarter is when you see it come down from the fourth quarter, so is there any seasonality we should look at in that line item? If we adjust to $212.9 million for the $44 million, is that something you expect to be flat or is that something we’ll see this normally seasonally slower or lower first quarter out of that line item?
Darren King: There's movement in that and it's not really seasonality per se. It can just be timing of when certain expenses hit. I think the safest thing to do is to look at our annual other costs and divide it by four and we're not anticipating anything that's going to drive it up materially in 2018 or down. The one thing to keep in mind is in their professional services expenses some relating to technology and some relating to legal, and we're hoping that we're going to run at a slightly lower legal costs in 2018, but we do have the next wave of trial coming up in the spring. So it might not move down quite as much as we would like early in the year, and then we'll see what happens from there. So I would take the total year number and think about that averaged on a quarterly basis.
Brian Klock: I got and just the last follow-up on the end of period balances and you talked about the excess liquidity at the Fed is down, end of period versus the average. It looks like a lot of that came out of interest-bearing deposits. If can talk about that end of period, the balance trend and with a lot of that from Hudson City time deposits that $1.5 billion that came out of interest-bearing deposits on end of period base?
Darren King: It's a combination of trust and there's some mortgage escrow and there as well that moves around, say about $0.5 billion is mortgage escrow and some of its time probably $300 million to $400 million and then other just normal movement up and down in the quarter. And I guess partly we made the comment about the cash at the Fed, when thinking about first quarter margin that the increase in cash reduced the margin in the fourth quarter even though it was a very visible by about 4 basis points just because of the rate there right. So if it goes away, the market is going to go the other way in the first quarter, but doesn't necessarily mean that net income is going to go correspondingly higher.
Brian Klock: That’s exactly great. All right, thanks for your time, appreciated Darren.
Darren King: No problem.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Matt O'Connor: Hi, you guys have addressed, so I think most of the kind of guidance questions that I would have had. But maybe from the strategic point of view, if you look at the fee businesses, you've obviously had some good momentum in trust and you talked about building out the mortgage servicing. How about in the capital markets side? This is an area that we've seen some of your peers build-out and it does seem like it provides a little bit of hedge from C&I loans going and CRE going to the capital markets instead of loan balance sheet. Maybe you could remind us like what your capabilities are there and just the thoughts of organic growth or I guess bolt-on deals in that broader space?
Darren King: Sure. We do some M&A advisory of a small operation that operates at a Baltimore that helps our customers when they're considering M&A activity and we also have a debt capital markets business that also operates at a Baltimore. Those businesses both had some modest increases year-over-year in terms of their fees that we’re in. So it's a space that we're in. We think there's upside there, probably lean a little bit more right now in the debt capital markets side than in M&A. But really when we look at where other parts of our fee business have been, it's been in the commercial mortgage space and when you think about our balance sheet with our heavy commercial real estate focus at our expertise there that's a good feeder system for our commercial mortgage fee business. And at the end of last year, we added a team in Philadelphia that complements that business that their specialty is more dealing with insurance companies and placing business with insurance companies where we've been in Fannie and Freddie DUS lender and that's a place where we saw some nice growth this year in fees and we expect to continue to see that happening in 2018 as well, and it's a nice complement to our commercial real estate business. So there's a few places where we try to participate on the fees side to your point as a complement to the balance sheet part of our business. We don't have any specific plans to grow aggressively in debt capital markets or M&A, but it's something we certainly pay attention to given the commercial orientation of our balance sheet.
Matt O'Connor: Okay, that's it for me. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Frank Schiraldi with Sandler O'Neill. Your line is open.
Frank Schiraldi: Hi, Darren. Just two quick ones, first on the NIM, I think you noted 5 to 8 bps of NIM benefit from a 25 basis point hike is a good way to think about things. So for the December rate hike, does it make sense to further adjust that range by the 4 bps you kind of noted on LIBOR getting ahead of itself, does that make sense?
Darren King: So the 5 to 8 bps that we noted earlier is really on a go forward basis and we have been talking about 6 to 10 bps is where we had been and the last rate hike would fall more in the 6 to 10 bps. So I would think about the 4 as along the path to that 6 to 10 bps and we'll get a little bit – the rest of it in January depending on what happens with deposit pricing.
Frank Schiraldi: Okay, gotcha. And then just on the effective tax rate you cited. The lower relative percentage decrease, I guess M&T expects to see versus just the statutory federal reduction from 35% to 21%. Is that basically all due to just the impact from state and local taxes or is there anything else in there that's somewhat meaningful offset?
Darren King: You nailed it. It’s pretty much all the states we’re in and the impact of state and local tax.
Frank Schiraldi: Okay. All right. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Spahr with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Christopher Spahr: Thank you. Good afternoon. I was wondering, is it possible to eliminate your bank holding company charter, given how your businesses are structured particularly if the bank regulatory relief doesn't really come down to the states at $100 billion threshold that some have suggested recently?
Darren King: I think the answer technically is yes. It's possible, anything's possible, but when you look through the businesses that we have underneath of it and the way they're structured, right now we don't really see the benefit. Something we looked at after the announcements from Zions earlier this year and concluded it didn't make sense for us at that point, especially given some of the proposed legislation of relief for banks less than $250 billion. So we're – for the moment watching that with interest and we can see what happens. It's something we would consider, but at the moment, we don't have any plans to make any changes to our structure.
Christopher Spahr: And given that your balance sheet hasn't been growing recently, is that safe to assume at least for 2018 that long-term debt will remain flattish this coming year?
Darren King: Well, we've got some debt rolling off, and obviously we’ll be watching where the loan growth is and what's going on with deposits. And then our capital structure and the amount of capital that we have, we commented a couple times about where we feel our capital ratios are relative to where we think they should be and so there might be some mix shift on the balance sheet between debt and equity as well. So those will be the factors to consider when thinking about debt for the year.
Christopher Spahr: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Winter with Wedbush Securities. Your line is open.
Peter Winter: Thank you. Darren, in regards to capital return just given the valuation of M&T, I'm just wondering what your thoughts are looking at share buyback versus dividends?
Darren King: So when you look at our history and you look at the mix of distributions through time that are between dividends, stock buyback, and M&A, those tend to move around a little bit depending on the environment we're in. But as we look into 2018, given the change in tax rate and the appreciation our stock price, our dividend yield and our dividend payout ratio is likely to – both going to be down. So we'll be looking at what our dividend yield is and what the dividend payout ratio is and thinking about that in conjunction with our distributions and the rest we would look at as capital returns. But over time that mix between dividend and share repurchase, we don't expect to change that much. So we will make our adjustments, and as we go through our CCAR work, and obviously we've got to increase in the dividend planned for next quarter in the second quarter of 2018, and we'll obviously look at the mix as we go through CCAR and look to return capital in the most friendly way for the shareholders.
Peter Winter: Okay. Thank you. And just on a separate note, net interest income in the first quarter, I'm just wondering – assuming that the interest recoveries don't reoccur, which I think is about $8 million and then two less days in the quarter, do you think, net interest income would be down slightly from fourth to first?
Darren King: Maybe I’ll touch. You definitely got two less days, that’s important. And then it will be about – our calculations, $3 million to $5 million of recovery. So you've got those two things working against you, but we'll have the full quarter of the hike helping on the other side. So I guess when we look at it, we're thinking flattish or flattish to slightly down first quarter versus fourth quarter.
Peter Winter: Got it. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Barker with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Kevin Barker: Thank you. I just wanted to follow-up on some of your commentary on mortgage servicing and potential M&A there. Why do you view that business to be attractive right now given that we've seen many banks shy away from mortgage servicing and have issues with it through the cycle?
Darren King: So I guess when we look at the mortgage servicing business, we think about both service and sub-servicing. And the number one thing that we like about the business is the returns and the return on equity. And we think that that is helpful to our overall return profile, and if it's servicing, we're not tying up the balance sheet – if it’s sub-servicing I should say, we're not tying up the balance sheet. But we're selective. When you look at – if we look at the pricing and we look at what the return measures look like of any business we might do and like any investment decision we make, whether it's a new loan, buying another bank or investing in sub-servicing, it has to make sense for our shareholders. And over time, particularly during the aftermath of the crisis, it proved to be a business that people were shying away from mainly because of reputational risk and some of the fines that were out there. So it placed a premium on operational excellence. And we've been through a number of reviews with our regulators, both the Fed and the CFPB, and proven to be a pretty clean shop in terms of our operations. And therefore, we believe we can manage the reputational risk and the operational risk. And if we can get paid for it, which we were able to, then we like the business. If those dynamics change and the returns change, then we won’t like it as much, but from where we've been over the last five years, it's been a great source of fee income and return for us.
Kevin Barker: Okay. And then a follow-up on that. Is there a certain size you are targeting where you start to see the returns on those portfolios that you could acquire start to hit peak margins or to really grow to a level where scale really matters?
Darren King: From what we see, we're far from that. At our peak, we’re servicing about $99 billion worth of mortgages. There's not a circumstance that we currently envision that takes that to $200 billion anytime soon. It's been when we've acquired servicing. It's tended to come in smaller chunks and kind of $15 million to $20 million – $15 billion to $20 billion size lots, which is easier to integrate, easier to manage the transition, and doesn't get us over our skis in terms of the size of portfolio we're trying to manage and the risk we're trying to manage. But it's really – we're looking at each potential deal, what the mix of mortgages looks like, how challenged it may or may not be based on delinquency, the mix of Freddies and Ginnies that are in the portfolio and the regional mix. There’s a whole bunch of things that we consider before going forward. But at this point, it's not something we're looking to make a major business, but given our experience in mortgage and our ability to service it's been a nice complement to businesses that we're in, and again, a nice source of fee income in return for us.
Kevin Barker: Okay. Thank you for taking my questions. End of Q&A
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to Mr. MacLeod.
Don MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, if any clarification of any of the items in the call or the news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department at 716-842-5138.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-18 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the M&T Bank Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Don MacLeod, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Don MacLeod: Thank you, Paula and good morning everyone. I'd like to thank you for participating in M&T's third quarter 2017 earnings conference call both by telephone and through the web cast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our web site, www.mtb.com, and by clicking on the Investor Relations link and then on the Events and Presentations link. Before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on forms 8-K, 10-K, and 10-Q, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now, I'd like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, Darren King.
Darren King: Thank you, Don, and good morning everyone. As we noted in the earnings press release this morning, M&T's results for the third quarter continued to reflect solid performance in the current operating environment. We saw further expansion of the net interest margin and decent growth in net interest income. Consistent with the trends we have seen over the course of 2017, loan growth remained a challenge. Fee revenues were solid, and core expenses continue to be well controlled. Credit remains stable, with charge-offs at the best levels of the current credit cycle. And M&T's capital levels are strong, even as we execute our 2017 capital plan. Looking at the numbers; diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $2.21 in the third quarter of 2017, down 6% from $2.35 in the second quarter of 2017 -- excuse me, we were at $2.21 in the third quarter, $2.35 in the second quarter. The third quarter results are up 5% from $2.10 in the third quarter of 2016. Net income for the quarter was $356 million compared to $381 million in the linked quarter and $350 million in the year ago quarter. Included in GAAP results in the recent quarter or after-tax expenses from amortization of intangible assets amounting to $5 million or $0.03 per common share. Little change from the prior quarter. Consistent with our long term practice, M&T provides supplemental reports on a net operating or tangible basis, from which we have only ever excluded the after tax effect of amortization of intangible assets, as well as any gains or expenses associated with mergers and acquisitions when they occur. M&T's net operating income for the third quarter, which excludes intangible amortization and merger related expenses from the relevant periods was $361 million, compared with $386 million in the linked quarter and $356 million in last year's third quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $2.24 for the recent quarter, a decrease of 6% from $2.38 in 2017's second quarter and up 5% from $2.13 in the third quarter of 2016. On a GAAP basis, M&T's third quarter results produced an annualized rate of return on average assets of 1.18% and an annualized return on average common equity of 8.89%. This compares with rates of 1.27% and 9.67% respectively in the previous quarter. Net operating income yielded annualized rates of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholder's equity of 1.25% and 13.03% for the recent quarter. The comparable returns were 1.33% and 14.18% in the second quarter of 2017. In accordance with the SEC's guidelines, this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results, including tangible assets and equity. Both GAAP and net operating earnings for the third quarters of 2017 and 2016 were impacted by certain noteworthy items. On October 9th, Wilmington Trust Corporation reached a settlement with the U.S. Attorney's Office in Delaware, that required a $44 million payment that was not deductible for income tax purposes. As of September 30, we increased the reserve for legal matters by $50 million. That increase, coupled with the non-deductible nature of the $44 million payment reduced M&T's net income in the recent quarter by nearly $48 million or $0.31 of diluted earnings per common share. In addition, recall that the results of the third quarter of 2016 included $28 million of net pre-tax securities gains, that equated to $17 million after-tax effect or $0.11 per common share. Those gains pertain to a variety of TruP CDOs, the required divestiture under the so-called Volcker rule. Turning our attention to the balance sheet and the income statement; taxable equivalent net interest income was $966 million in the third quarter of 2017, improved by $19 million from the linked quarter. The net interest margin improved to 3.53%, up 8 basis points from 3.45% in the linked quarter. As was the case last quarter, the wider margin was predominantly driven by the full quarter impact from the Fed's mid-June action to increase short term interest rates. Average loans were down approximately 1% to the linked quarter. Looking at loans by category, on an average basis compared with the linked quarter, we saw commercial and industrial loans were about 3% lower than in the linked quarter. That included $228 million of seasonal decline in loans to auto dealers to finance their inventories. Excluding the floor plan loans, C&I balances were down some $388 million or approximately 2%. Commercial real estate loans were roughly flat with the second quarter. We continue to allow our portfolio of residential mortgage loans to pay down without replacement. As a result, the portfolio declined by 3%, consistent with previous quarters. Consumer loans were up 3%. As has been the case for some time now, growth in indirect auto and recreation financed loans are outpacing declines in home equity lines and loans. Regionally, we saw paydown activity in the C&I portfolio, distributed fairly broadly across our footprint, as well as across industries. While the commercial real estate portfolio was flat, we experienced declines in our East Coast markets, which include New York City and Washington DC. The primary driver of those declines was construction loans being taken out with permanent financing from other mostly non-bank lenders, and condo loans being repaid through the sales of the properties. Offsetting those declines was growth in our upstate New York and New Jersey regions. Average core customer deposits, which exclude deposits received at M&T's Cayman Islands office, brokered deposits and CDs over $250,000 were some $1.1 billion lower than the second quarter. Primarily reflecting the continued run-off of high rate time deposits acquired with Hudson City. It's interesting to note that our cost of interest bearing deposits is up by just 2 basis points for the year-to-date 2017 compared with the same period last year. Looking at non-interest income; non-interest income remained strong at $459 million in the third quarter, little changed from $461 million in the prior quarter. Mortgage banking revenues were $97 million in the recent quarter, improved from $86 million in the linked quarter. Residential mortgage loans originated for sale were $757 million in the quarter, down about 2% compared with the second quarter. Total residential mortgage banking revenues, including origination and servicing activities were $63 million, improved from $61 million the prior quarter. Commercial mortgage banking revenues were $34 million in the recent quarter, up $9 million from the prior quarter, reflecting higher volumes of loans originated for sale and the associated gain on sale revenues. Trust income was $125 million in the recent quarter, compared with $127 million in the second quarter and recall that included in the second quarter are approximately $4 million of seasonal tax preparation fees. Service charges on deposit accounts were $109 million, improved by $4 million compared with the second quarter, reflecting seasonally higher levels of customer activity. Other non-interest revenues declined by about $10 million compared with the prior quarter, reflecting lower levels of commercial loan fees, predominantly syndication fees. Turning to expenses; operating expenses for the third quarter, which exclude the amortization of intangible assets, were $798 million compared with $743 million in the previous quarter. Salaries and benefits were essentially unchanged from the prior quarter at $399 million. Notwithstanding the legal related costs I mentioned earlier, other expense categories remain well controlled. The efficiency ratio, which excludes intangible amortization from the numerator and securities gains in last year's third quarter from the denominator was 56% in the recent quarter compared with 52.7% in the previous quarter and 55.9% in 2016's third quarter. Looking at credit; our credit metrics continue to be relatively stable. Net charge-offs for the third quarter were $25 million compared with $45 million in the second quarter. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were 11 basis points for the third quarter, improved from 20 basis points in the second quarter. The provision for credit losses was $30 million in the recent quarter, exceeding charge-offs by $5 million. The allowance for credit losses was approximately $1 billion at the end of September. The ratio of the allowance to total loans increased slightly to 1.15%. Non-accrual loans declined slightly at September 30th compared with the end of the prior quarter, but the decline of end of period loans resulted in a 1 basis point increase in the ratio of non-accrual loans to total loans, and in the quarter, at 0.99%, just under 1%. Loans 90 days past due, on which we continue to accrue interest, excluding loans that have been marked to a fair value discounted acquisition, were $261 million at the end of the recent quarter. Of those loans, $252 million or 97% are guaranteed by government related entities. Turning to capital, during the third quarter, we began implementation of our 2017 CCAR capital plan. Repurchasing $225 million of common stock or approximately one quarter of the plan's $900 million repurchase authorization for the four quarters, starting July 1st, 2017. Those repurchases, net of retained earnings, combined with the reduction of risk weighted assets during the past quarter, brought M&T's common equity, tier-1 ratio under the current transitional Basel-III capital rules, to an estimated 10.98% compared with 10.81% at the end of the second quarter. Turning to the outlook; as we enter the final quarter, our outlook for 2017 is a little changed. The net interest margin and net interest income have been stronger than expected, following two rate actions from the Fed so far this year. On the other hand, the loan growth we have seen has been pretty much as expected, which was low single digit growth on a year-over-year basis. For the first three quarters of 2017, average loans are up about 1% compared with the same period in 2016. On that same basis, but excluding the impact of the run-off in residential mortgages, average loans are up 7% over 2016. As we head into the fourth quarter, there is a little more positive tone from our customers about their businesses, which is being reflected in our loan pipeline. The implied forward curve, shows a high probability of a rate action by the Fed late in the year. However, any hike would not have a significant impact on 2017's overall results. Absent any unanticipated moves by the Fed, we expect some of the margin pressures we are seeing to be more apparent in the coming quarter. This includes the full quarter impact from the debt we issued in August and continued pressure on commercial loan margins. The outlook for the fee businesses has little changed, with some continued softness in mortgage banking, being offset by good momentum in other fee categories. Our expense outlook is also unchanged; excluding the specific litigation related costs in the third quarter, which we noted earlier, we continue to expect low nominal growth in total operating expenses in 2017 compared to last year. Despite this quarter's strong results, we continue to view credit, more as a downside risk than an upside opportunity. We expect to see a slight uptick in criticized loans when we filed our third quarter 10-Q, but to a level still below the end of last year. As to capital, given our strong operating performance and our solid capital ratios, we will continue execution of our 2017 capital plan. Of course, as you are aware, our projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events and other macroeconomic factors, which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. Now let's open up the call to questions, before which Paula will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Thanks, good morning. Darren, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about a couple of those NII components? You mentioned that there might be some more parent NIM pressures underneath. Can you just walk us through the combination of that, versus the size of the balance sheet, which continues to shrink as well? Are we looking at a pause in NII growth ex rates from here, or could that loan pipeline commentary still lead you to see some growth?
Darren King: Sure Ken and good morning. So let's take those two components that you talked about individually. On the net interest margin side, obviously we benefitted as the industry from the rate increases that have happened this year. As we look forward through the fourth quarter, without anything planned. It's our anticipation that we will see a slight downtick in the net interest margin, in the fourth quarter, driven mainly by the full quarter impact of the debt that we -- debt offering we did in August, and as we have been talking about before, there is still some slight core margin compression, as new commercial loans roll on at a slightly lower margin than what is rolling off. Now, the good news there is that, we have actually seen stabilization in loan margins over the last several quarters, probably last three quarters. So we are not expecting anything down, it's just the natural churn that happens, as longer dated loans roll of and the newer ones come on. So a slight margin compression. When we look forward at the loan balances, we are optimistic that we will see flat to slightly up on loan balances for the fourth quarter. When we think about where -- excluding the residential mortgage portfolio of course. And when we look at what the drivers are, we see the normal seasonal impact of other floor plan balances coming back on to the balance sheet. We started to see that at the end of September. And as we mentioned, the pipeline, that we are looking and as we enter the fourth quarter, is at the highest level that has been entering any quarter this year. So we are feeling much more positive about where loan growth might be in the fourth quarter. I don't think we are going to see anything like we saw in 2016, unfortunately. But it feels like we are in a better spot. When you put the two together, for NII, for the fourth quarter, we are probably flat to maybe slightly down, but not anything too dramatic.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And I will keep my follow-up just to the other side then of loan growth, if you are expecting the ex-mortgage loan to be flat to slightly up, can you just give us updated thoughts on the pace of the resi book rundown, and how you are expecting that to go, as you look not just to the fourth, but on an ongoing basis, given where rates are?
Darren King: Sure. So you look at the pace of decline in the resi-mortgage book, it has been pretty consistent on a percentage basis, over the last five quarters. The dollar amount is decreasing as the portfolio shrinks, and we expect that to continue. A large portion of that is just normal amortization of that book, it has a number of 5-1 and 7-1 option arms in there, that would have a normal paydown cycle, obviously, as well as the third year product. So when we look forward, we expect that that rate of decrease will be approximately the same, and as we get into 2018, we expect that the dollar amount will start to shrink, as the portfolio gets smaller. So we will talk more about 2018 in January, but just to give you a little sense of where we see that going over this quarter and the coming quarters.
Ken Usdin: Got it. Thanks very much.
Darren King: The Hudson City 5-1, 7-1s are hybrid arms, but they are not options.
Ken Usdin: Thank you for the clarification.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Zerbe of Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe: Great. Thanks. Good morning. Could you just talk a little bit about customer deposit behavior? I get the run-off in the Hudson City loans, but it feels like there might be a little less growth than expected on the deposit side, ex Hudson City piece. Where do you see and what kind of conversations are you having with customers? Thanks.
Darren King: Sure Ken. So the kind of conversations we are having with customers varies fairly dramatically, depending on which customer base we are talking to, and which balances we are looking at. If you look in our statements in the press release, you will see some increase in the rate in now balances, and in those balances are some mortgage escrow balances that are tied to the servicing business that we do. Those are all indexed to market. So obviously, as the market moves up and that's driving up those costs. When we look at and deal with our larger commercial customers, they tend to be the most price sensitive and we are working with each of those customers on an individual basis, to work through deposit pricing. And the other place where we see a little bit more activity and sensitivity, is with the larger balanced consumer customers, which are typically affluent or private banking types of customers, where because again, the size of the balances are a little bit bigger, they are a little more sensitive to rate. When we look through the rest of the portfolio, in general, on the consumer side and the rest of the smaller and the commercial, including small business; there still seems to be somewhat less of a focus on rate in those customers, and the other thing that we are kind of seeing, when we look at total balances is as rates still haven't gotten back to where they were at the bottom of the last cycle. Customers in the consumer and small business area are tending to stay short-dated. So when we look at the time book, it's very skewed towards six months and 12 months or under, and people are not really signing up for two year, three year, five year CDs, which is helping keep the yield down, and some people are staying liquid. So I think you are seeing some shift across categories right now, which is partly helping keep balances flat, and we will obviously be paying a lot of attention to rates and competitive pricing, as we go forward to protect those balances, and make sure we are doing the right thing for our customers.
Ken Zerbe: Okay, great. And just a clarification question, just back on the loan growth piece, the [indiscernible] that you have for growth improving in fourth quarter, was that more on the C&I side, or the CRE? Because I guess, my question is really more around what are you seeing in CRE, specifically? Because I know those balances have been pretty flat for the last few quarters? Thanks.
Darren King: Right. So it's really both, but more skewed towards the C&I side. When you look at our CRE balances, as you pointed out, through the year, they have been fairly flat. And what's going on underneath, is there is a little bit of shift happening from construction to more permanent types of financing, and what -- that's kind of expected. We had a big run up in construction balances during the latter part of 2016, as projects were nearing their completion. And now we are seeing this year, them reach the conclusion of their normal life, which is they get completed and they turn into a permanent mortgage or the condos get bought, which is a good thing, and that's being replaced by other lending around the footprint, could be owner-occupied, could be other permanent mortgages. But that churn is what's happening inside, and why you are seeing relatively flat. We expect that will continue and we have seen a little more optimism on the C&I side.
Ken Zerbe: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Klock of Keefe, Bruyette and Woods.
Brian Klock: Hey, good morning gentlemen.
Darren King: Good morning Brian.
Brian Klock: So Darren, again just another follow-up on the loan growth question and on the C&I side of it, I know you mentioned that the average balances were driven a lot by the dealer floor plan seasonal decline. When I look at the end of period balances, you had about a $450 million quarter-to-quarter drop. I guess, is that -- was most of that related to the dealer floor plan? I guess, maybe on the end of period or spot balances, do you have that information related to the dealer floor plan impact?
Darren King: At the spot balance, it would be less than what the average was for the quarter, because we started to see some of those inventory starting to build and some of those loans starting to come back. So when we looked at the quarter, on average, the ratio was about two-thirds non-floor plan, one-third floor plan. I think, when you get to the end of the quarter, and you look at the end of the period versus the prior year, probably in the same approximate ratio between those two categories.
Brian Klock: So I guess, on the end of period and the rest of the weakness and that end of period, is that additional sort of paydowns that you -- I guess you guys, and a lot of your peers talked about, with some of the capital markets impact of refinancing or other -- because of where the interest rate environment was, that you saw some paydowns in that core C&I book?
Darren King: Yeah. Paydowns were probably the biggest driver of decreases in the quarter. When you look at originations, they were down a little bit, but not the biggest driver. The biggest driver was the rate of paydowns. And across the book, there is a whole host of reasons why those things are happening. Some of it is non-banks, which we mentioned earlier, that's real estate related. We have seen some of our customers sell parts of their business, because rates are -- asset prices are so strong, and if they do that, then they would tend to pay down their loan balances, and we have seen some of the debt capital markets business coming further down in middle market. So it's -- what's interesting is, when we look at prime, we are not seeing any one particular industry, any one particular geography. It's kind of more broad-based, and why we feel a little bit more optimistic as we head into the fourth quarter, is when we look at the pipeline, it too is fairly broad-based.
Brian Klock: Okay. And just one quick question and I will get back in the queue; commercial real estate, I know you talked about the declines, but were there anything that was a prepayment in commercial real estate that ended up with a prepayment penalty in the spread income? Thanks.
Darren King: Prepayment penalties in spread income this quarter were not materially different from what they have been for the past several quarters. There is no step-up.
Brian Klock: All right, great. Thanks Darren.
Operator: Your next question comes from Frank Schiraldi of Sandler O'Neill.
Frank Schiraldi: Good morning. Just first a follow-up to that question, I guess, just on the commercial real estate yields quarter-over-quarter, I was kind of surprised to see the 20 basis point increase. Just wondering if you could speak to -- that's a swapping out the fixed rate? Is that a decent run rate going forward, that $450 million?
Darren King: I think it's fairly decent run rate as we go forward, when we look at just the straight pricing on those deals and the spread over LIBOR, I think that's probably pretty reasonable to take forward.
Frank Schiraldi: Okay. And then just on the other side of the balance sheet, just in terms of the Hudson City CDs, could you just remind us Darren, that process, how far long? I mean, how much is left and where that's pricing from and pricing to?
Darren King: Yes. So if you look at where we are in that book, we are about two-thirds of the way through has been repriced, at least once, and don't forget that a lot of what's repriced has been the shorter duration or shorter term product. We have got about a third of it left to reprice, so that was longer dated, three, four, five year CDs that are rolling off, and they should roll off approximately equal amounts over the next two to three years. And when we look at where pricing has been on those, it's a little bit tricky, because what we are seeing when people are repricing, is they are generally going into a lower term. So you are coming off of two and three, and then in some cases, five year term, that were carrying rates, in some cases, over 2%. And generally, no one is really signing up for any kind of CD greater than above 12 months. So we are repricing those down around 90 to 100 basis points, depending on the market, obviously, we have New Jersey, and you are seeing that benefit. But it's not as straightforward as just comparing the current two year CD to a rolling-off two year CD, because people are shifting term buckets as well.
Frank Schiraldi: Got you. Okay. And I guess, you'd seek to offer that with some longer -- to keep the duration of that book, sort of none at all with CD book, but just liabilities overall, you [indiscernible] something longer, so you know, the duration wouldn't change as much?
Darren King: Yeah. I guess, at this point in the book, the duration is coming down naturally as the mix is shifting. And I don't think that segment of the deposit balances are enough to materially shift the duration of the whole portfolio. So it's not something that we are as worried about and as focused on, as much as making sure that in those markets, our rates are competitive and that we are trying to retain those balances.
Frank Schiraldi: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Winter of Wedbush Securities.
Peter Winter: Good morning. I was wondering, can you talk a little bit, just the loan growth outlook for 2018? Do you think you can see maintain that low single digit growth, just given some of the continued pressure on the resi mortgage side?
Darren King: As far as our 2018 outlook, we are going through our work right now, and planning our 2018 operating numbers and looking at the pipeline and where we see 2018 shaping up. So probably a little premature for me to speculate on or forecast what 2018 might be, but we will be back in January with a full outlook for 2018.
Peter Winter: Then just a follow-up, is there a certain level that you would see resi-mortgage, that you would like to see it as a percent of total loans?
Darren King: We definitely will maintain a level of resi mortgage on the balance sheet, just from a -- we supporting the community, many of these are customers that have broader relationships with the bank, and those mortgages we tend to hold on our balance sheet as well, because it helps from a customer service perspective. When we look at the proportion, in terms of the total balance sheet, as I kind of tend to look at what the proportion was, we were running at before Hudson City. And if you look at the composition of the balance sheet for M&T before we merged with Hudson City, that over time, that's what we would expect the whole balance sheet to start to look like. It will have a similar percentage of CRE, C&I mortgage consumer balances is what we did pre-Hudson City, and that's the transition that we are executing right now of converting that thrift into a commercial bank. And you know, I think like we talked about earlier, the good news on that portfolio was, as it continues to decline, the headwind, if you will, of the dollars running off, will start to get smaller, as that portfolio gets smaller. And that should help with loan growth, on an absolute basis, on total balance sheet.
Peter Winter: Great. Thanks Darren.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning. Can you talk about your ability and interest in doing bank deals with the AML consent order behind you now? And obviously, given your strong capital position as well?
Darren King: Sure. So our ability to engage in those kinds of dialogs and thoughts has improved, and we are certainly open to having those conversations. It takes both a willing buyer, which we are, and a willing seller, so not sure where the world stands from that perspective. But when we look at things that we would be open to discussing, certainly whole bank mergers would make sense, but we are also -- given the construct of the bank, and how it has changed over the last few years, our field of play is a little bit wider, and we continue to look at mortgage servicing, as a place where we can [indiscernible], and then obviously in the fee businesses, our wealth business, and our institutional custody businesses are places that we like the returns, and we like our position and we will be open to talking about those as well. So the spectrum is a little broader than it was before, and our interest and ability is kind of back to pretty much where it was before. But we have got to keep our eye on prices and our criteria hasn't changed from what it was before, and that is that we always look at what the return -- primarily, interior rate of return on those deals is, and is that at a rate that's higher than our long term cost of capital, and what impact would it have on our earnings per share and our book value per share, and how long could we pay it back. And all those numbers have to work, along with having a willing seller. So definitely, interested in conversations, but nothing -- really, nothing to report either.
Matt O'Connor: All right. And on the willingness of sellers, I mean, obviously, smaller bank stocks have lagged the bigger ones, kind of generally speaking, and I don't know if that plus kind of slow loan growth, flatter yield curve is making folks more open to partnering. Do you have any thoughts on that?
Darren King: I guess -- I think there is probably a number of things that tend to make people interested in considering a partnership. The loan growth is one of them. Expense management is another one that's out there too. When you look at banking and the cost of complying with regulation, and as you get closer to those key thresholds, either $10 billion or $50 billion, that has a material impact on our bank's cost infrastructure. Not to mention the pace of technology and the ability to spread those costs over a bigger revenue pool, makes people little bit more interested. On the counter side, credit is as good as it has been, and earnings are pretty high, which means valuations tend to be high. So to the extent there is a seller that's looking at that, if they want to get paid upfront, that's a little tougher. If they want to be long term partners and investors along with us, those are the kind of things that we have tended to do, and both sides have tended to benefit quite nicely from those kinds of combinations.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Geoffrey Elliott of Autonomous.
Geoffrey Elliott: Hello. Good morning. Thank you for taking the question. The CET1 ratios continue to build, I guess the weaker loan growth, contributing to a lower denominator. Have you got any more thoughts about putting in a mid-cycle submission and seeing if you can increase the capital return approval that you got in the CCAR earlier this year?
Darren King: Sure Geoff. So we are certainly pleased with the strength of the capital ratios, and as we pointed out numerous times over the last few quarters, that when we look at our consistency of earnings and credit quality and the little volatility that we think we should be running with those ratios much lower than where they are. And this year's results are not just the balance sheet decline per se, but when we talk about the mix of those commercial real estate loans and the shift, that has a big impact on risk weighted assets, which is helping that ratio. Not to mention, the fact that credit and earnings are so strong, it is helping build capital. That said to your question, we have mentioned before, that there is a resubmission process that the Federal Reserve has, but anything that is done with the Fed is a non-public event. So we don't have anything to say on that front.
Geoffrey Elliott: Okay. Understood. And then you mentioned, you'd I guess ideally be at lower capital ratios. What do you think the right number is for CET1 to settle out over time?
Darren King: I think, it's obviously -- your target ratio is a function of the risk in the balance sheet and the mix of the assets that are on there. That said, when we look at where we stand versus the peer group, and given our history, we think we should be operating at the low end of the peer group. And that can be a bit of a moving target, that every bank I think has -- I know, has to have an internal target, and I suspect they are all running above that, and one of the things that's watched very closely is, your capital ratios relative to your peers. And for us, we think the write-in -- right spot for us, given our history of credit quality and stability of PPNR that we should run at the bottom end of the peer group.
Geoffrey Elliott: Got it. Thank you.
Darren King: No problem.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Alexopoulos of JPMorgan.
Steven Alexopoulos: Hey, good morning Darren. I wanted to start, on the margin pressure, you indicated new loans coming on at a lower level than where loans are running off. Can you give us a sense of the magnitude, what's the size of that, and where do we think market interest rates need to be for that to stabilize?
Darren King: It's a great question, and we are really close. So if you recall, back a year ago, we would talk about core margin compression of kind of 2 to 3 basis points a quarter. And if we look at where, roll forward 12 months at the mix of what's rolling off or the pace of what's rolling off compared to what's rolling on and the stability we have had in spreads over that time period, it's really close. So we are probably about a difference of one to two basis points, and we don't need much difference, much of an uptick in the spread. It's really the spread, right, that matters; before that neutralizes and becomes less of an impact.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you. And just if -- another follow-up on the loan growth. A lot of banks are seeing stronger commercial pipelines, but not seeing this convert into stronger reported loan growth, and you are clearly more optimistic here. Give us more color, what are you looking at, that gives you this confidence, C&I is going to turn, particularly given how weak it was here in the third quarter? Thanks.
Darren King: Sure. So I guess there is a couple of things. Number one is just the approved pipeline. And when we look at the approved pipeline coming into the fourth quarter compared to what we saw going into the second and third, it's higher by probably round numbers 15%, 20%, and that's a very good leading indicator. It has been our history that those tend to show up on the balance sheet, with a two to 2.5 month lag, and because that's up, we are feeling more confident that we will start to see it convert on to the balance sheet. But the wildcard is, is obviously the paydown activity. And when we look year-over-year, we saw a fairly active paydown from our customers in the second quarter. But as the quarter came to a close, that seemed to be moderating somewhat. So when we put the two together, we feel a little more optimistic. We feel certainly better from the origination side and believe that the paydowns and payoffs will start to temper a little bit and the combination will lead to a little bit of asset growth, ex the Hudson City runoff portfolio in the fourth quarter.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. Thank you. And if I could squeeze one technical question; what was the balance of floor plan loans at the end of the quarter? I know you gave us a change, but what was the actual balance?
Darren King: It's not something that we have historically disclosed.
Steven Alexopoulos: Well now is your chance, if you'd like to do it.
Darren King: I am okay.
Steven Alexopoulos: No? Okay. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marty Mosby of Vining Sparks.
Marty Mosby: Thanks. I had two minor [ph] questions, but if you look at the net charge-off improvement this particular quarter, I was trying to distinguish between how much of that was just gross charge-offs going down, or maybe the realization of a recovery or two in the quarter?
Darren King: Sure. It's generally Marty, just lower charge-offs in general, not offset by recoveries this quarter. As we talked about pay-offs and paydowns, one of the nice things about this is, that they don't just affect the business that is performing, sometimes they affect your criticized assets as well. And so we had a very strong charge-off quarter, but it was not the result of outsized recoveries this quarter. Those recoveries are pretty consistent with what we have been seeing all year.
Marty Mosby: And then the other fee income line dropped to the low end of the range, it was about $10 million off of where it was last quarter. We are just curious if there was anything unusual about that particular -- those line items this quarter?
Darren King: The big drivers there Marty were really loan related fees, syndication fees and other advisory fees as well as some of the kind of letter of credit fees. And as the -- we saw a little bit of a slowdown in the loan book, we saw a slowdown in the fee activity, they tend to go together. Not to mention, in the second quarter, we had a really outsized performance in the syndication books. So quarter-over-quarter, they looked a little bit -- it's short of a big decline. Probably, if you are thinking about going forward, if you take third and second quarter and average them, you are probably in a better spot.
Marty Mosby: Good. And materialization of that approved pipeline probably helps out as well?
Darren King: We are counting on it, yeah.
Marty Mosby: Right. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pancari of Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Darren King: Hi John.
John Pancari: On the -- back on the charge-off topic there, if it was not influenced by recoveries and a just more general improvement, what is a fair run rate here for next quarter, and potentially into 2018? Are we looking at staying in that 10 to 15 basis point range for the ratio, or is it back to the 20 basis point ballpark?
Darren King: So we will talk about 2018 in January. But if you look at the average of the last, probably eight quarters, if not 12, we have been pretty consistently between 18 and 20 basis points of charge-offs. We had one quarter, where I think we went to 22. I think we did have one other quarter, where we did have a bunch of recoveries, where it was 11. But generally, even in that range, and I think that's probably a safe range to be thinking about, at least for the next quarter.
John Pancari: Okay. All right. Thanks. And then, separately back to the M&A topic, so what is your sweet spot that you are looking at, in terms of target assets, if it was going to be a whole bank deal? And then, what regions of the U.S. would you prioritize? And then I know, you were asked about some of the metrics, and should we say, the earn-back? What is something that you would view as a digestable earn-back period that you would consider when doing a deal? Thanks.
Darren King: Sure. So I guess, in general, if you look at our history through time with M&A, we have been pretty opportunistic. And when you look at our field of play, it's pretty much anywhere where we do business today and states that are contiguous to that. We have tended to always be in footprint or somewhat overlapping in a contiguous footprint. It has not been our history to add a bank, let's say in the Midwest, where it's not connected to our footprint. Generally, we like things that are close by, for two main reasons; one is, it tends to be -- give us a chance to leverage our brand. But more importantly, it allows us to leverage our people. And one of the most important ingredients we believe to our success, is the leadership in the folks of the bank which bring that culture, particularly our credit culture and our expense culture to that new institution, and therefore proximity helps us leverage our management resources into those acquired operations. When you look across the footprint, we are interested in pretty much any geography. And really the challenge on size is in any acquisition that needs to be big enough to have an impact on your financials, such that it's worth the investment that you make to complete an acquisition, and on the upper bound, it can't be so big that you can't manage the risk of combining the two organizations. Not to give hard numbers, but our history has been that generally, we'd like things that are 20% to a third or 40% of our size, but we have done smaller, and where it makes sense in footprint, where it's a strong combination, and where the returns make sense, we are definitely open to it and we have done those. So it's a little bit big, but that's kind of generally how we look at things, and we will pretty much talk to anybody, if they have got a compelling story to think. And our return measures, I mentioned earlier, I will reiterate them. We are looking for combinations, where the value created is -- results in a return that's greater than our long term cost to capital. So number one thing is being earning a return for our shareholders, and part of the other metrics that we look at, that help us feel comfortable with that are the dilution or a lack thereof, hopefully, to earnings per share and tangible book value per share. And then we look at the payback period, and obviously, the faster the better, because you are more certain with the cash flows that you project one year out compared to the ones that you project five years out. So there is not one metric necessarily that we hold more dear than the others. But if you make that combination of metrics work, you tend to have good success.
John Pancari: Got it. Thank you, Darren.
Operator: Your final question comes from Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: Yes, thank you. Just two quick follow-up questions. Appreciate all the color on the loan yield and deposit pricing outlook; I am wondering, with the market pricing in over 80% probability of a December rate hike, how should we think about NIM expansions for the first quarter of 2018? Sort of putting all those dynamics together?
Darren King: So I guess, if you think about the first quarter of 2018 and you think about the NIM expansion. We have mentioned through the last number of quarters, that 25 basis points tends to be worth about six to 10 basis points on the NIM, and obviously that range is affected by deposit betas and pricing changes. And when we look forward, we think that that still holds for the next 25, which we will get beyond, I am not sure. But that should give you a good range, under which to think, at least through the end of the year.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And in your prepared remarks, you reiterated the low -- no change in the expense outlook, which is low expense growth year-over-year in 2017. Should we take out the $50 million legal reserve build, when we think about that trajectory?
Darren King: Yes.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: We have time for one more question. Your final question comes from Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Hi Darren.
Darren King: Hey Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: I apologize I got disconnected, so I don't know if you were asked this question; but can you give us some color? I think I heard you say in your prepared remarks, that criticized loans, when you file in your Q will be up this quarter. If so, by about how much, and can you give us any color behind what's driving that?
Darren King: I did mention that, and it was mostly just making sure that there were no surprises for you all, when you look through the numbers. They are up a little bit versus second quarter, but when you look compared to where we ended 2016, they are actually going to be below that. So certainly don't read this as the sky is falling, we are not trying to be chicken little here, more just transparent. When we look through the criticized book and some of the changes and much like our loan trends, there is nothing specific that we are seeing. There is nothing that we are seeing in terms of any industry concentration, any geographic concentration. It's just -- if there is anything that kind of tends to pop up and this is a small piece. So again, let's not overreact, is balance sheets, where companies tend to be highly leveraged. And when you end up in some of those highly leveraged transactions, those present a little bit more risk. But it's not enough for us to ring the alarm bell. But if there is anything that kind of jumps out, it's that kind of thing. But overall, the change in criticized is fairly broad based.
Gerard Cassidy: Good. Thank you for the clarity. And then as a follow-up, Bob talked about it in your shareholder letter this year, about the elevated costs due to regulatory compliance that M&T had to handle. Now you announced of course the Wilmington settlement. On a go forward basis, operating expenses, should we see the rising 1% to 2% a year, or can you give us some flavor for -- now that these big issues are behind you guys, we just maybe see lower expense growth on a go forward basis?
Darren King: I mentioned before, we are doing our work on the 2018 operating plan, and we will be back in January with some better outlook for you. But in general, when we look at the cost of compliance and the like, in our income statement. The increase that we experience going through the written agreement, is largely baked into our run rate now. And there shouldn't be any large increases as a result of that. We are hopeful that as we continue to hone our operations and get more effective at it, that we can manage the growth in those. But when you look at our expense base, and you got a half to slightly more as people expenses, and with what's going on in labor markets and salary increases, that there is just going to be some upward pressure on that. We think that's manageable. But it's probably going to be difficult to see that go down.
Gerard Cassidy: I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's question-and-answer session. I would now want to turn the floor back over to Don Macleod for any additional or closing remarks.
Don MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, if any clarification of the items on the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department at area code 716-842-5138. Thank you and good bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-19 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the M&T Bank Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Don MacLeod, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Don MacLeod: Thank you, Maria, and good morning. I’d like to thank everyone for participating in M&T’s second quarter 2017 earnings conference call both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website, www.mtb.com, and by clicking on the Investor Relations link. Also, before we start, I’d like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on forms 8-K, 10-K, and 10-Q, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now, I’d like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, Darren King.
Darren King: Thank you, Don. And good morning, everyone. As we noted in the earnings press release this morning, we are quite pleased with M&T's results for the second quarter. Further actions by the Federal Reserve through a short-term interest rates back in March and more recently in June led the further expansion of our net interest margin by some 11 basis points which in turn contributed to 3% growth in net interest income, both of those compared to the first quarter. Compensation expense declined from seasonably high levels we typically see in the first quarter of the year, and overall expenses remain well controlled. Credit cost continues to be stable and nonaccrual loans declined slightly. We substantially completed CCAR 2016 capital plan with continued repurchases of common stock during the second quarter and receive no objection from the Federal Reserve as to our CCAR 2017 capital plan. Let's have look at the numbers. Diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $2.35 in the second quarter of 2017, up 11% from $2.12 in the first quarter of 2017 and up 19% from a $1.98 in the second quarter of 2016. Net income for the quarter was $381 million, up 9% from $349 million in the linked quarter and up 13% from $336 million in the year ago quarter. Recall that the results for the first quarter of 2017 reflected the impact from new accounting guidance for certain types of equity based compensation. Resulting in a tax benefit of $18 million or approximately $0.12 per common share. The impact in the recent quarter was not significant. There were no merger-related expenses in either the first or second quarter of 2017. However, results for the second quarter of 2016 included merger-related charges amounting to $8 million after-tax effect or $0.05 per common share. Also included in GAAP results in the recent quarter or at the after-tax expenses from the amortization of intangible assets amounting to $5 million or $0.03 per common share, little change from the prior quarter. Consistent with our long-term practice, M&T provides supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis, from which we have only ever excluded the after-tax effect of amortization of intangible assets as well as any gains or expenses associated with mergers and acquisitions. M&T’s net operating income for the second quarter, which excludes intangible amortization and merger-related expenses from the relevant periods, was $386 million, up 9% from $354 million in the linked quarter and up 10% from $351 million in last year’s second quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $2.38 for the recent quarter compared an increase of 11% from $2.15 in 2017’s first quarter and up 15% from $2.07 in a second quarter of 2016. On a GAAP basis, M&T’s second quarter results produced an annualized rate of return on average assets of 1.27% and an annualized return on average common equity of 9.67%. That compares with rates of 1.15% and 8.89% respectively in the previous quarter. Net operating income yielded annualized rates of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders’ equity of 1.33% and 14.18% for the recent quarter. Comparable returns were 1.21% and 13.05% in the first quarter of 2017. In accordance with SEC’s guidelines, this morning’s press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results including tangible assets and equity. We turn our attention to the balance sheet and income statement. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $947 million in the second quarter of 2017, improved by $25 million from the linked quarter. The net interest margin improved to 3.45%, up 11 basis points from 3.34% in the linked quarter. As was the case last quarter, the single biggest factor driving the wider margin accounting for an estimated 9 basis points of the increase was the Fed's action to increase short-term interest rates with the late mark action reaching its full run rate during the quarter, and to a lesser extent, reflecting the increase in mid-June. The average balance of funds placed on deposit with the Fed declined by approximately $1.4 billion from the first quarter, reflecting lower levels of deposits received from trust clients engaged in capital markets transactions, as well as lower levels of Escrow deposits received in connection with our mortgage banking operations. We estimate that these factors produced the benefit to the margin of approximately 4 basis points. Offsetting these factors were several other items including continued core margin pressure. These items in aggregate amounted to approximately 2 basis points a pressure. Average loans were essentially flat compared to the linked quarter. Looking at loans by category on an average basis compared with the linked quarter, we saw commercial and industrial loans up approximately 1% on an annualized basis. Commercial real estate loans were roughly flat. Residential mortgage loans continued the planned runoff at a 16% annualized rate, consist with our experience in the prior quarter. Consumer loans grew an annualized 8%, with growth in indirect auto loans and seasonal strength in recreation finance loans, offset by lower home equity lines and loans. The growth in consumer loans includes the benefit of approximately $130 million of auto loans that came back on to our balance sheet in the middle of the first quarter following the dissolution of our auto loans securitization. Regionally, we are continue to make progress in New Jersey with good growth numbers on what is still a fairly modest pace, and in line with total loans growth on the commercial side were subdued in most other regions. Pennsylvania was particularly soft on the C&I side but was above average in CRE volume. Average core customer deposits, which exclude deposits received at M&T’s Cayman Islands office and CDs over $250,000 declined by some $2 billion from the first quarter, reflecting the lower balances of trust and mortgage escrow deposits as well as the continued runoff of time deposits acquired with Hudson City. Turning to non-interest income. Non-interest income totaled $461 million in the second quarter compared with $447 million in the prior quarter. Mortgage banking revenues were $86 million in the recent quarter compared with $85 million in the linked quarter. Residential mortgage loans originated for sale were $770 million in the quarter, up approximately 6% compared with the first quarter. Total residential mortgage banking revenues, including origination and servicing activities, were $61 million compared with $58 million in the prior quarter. The higher origination volumes and a winder gain on sale margin contributed to the linked quarter increase. Commercial mortgage banking revenues were $25 million in the recent quarter, down slightly from the prior quarter. Trust income was $127 million in the recent quarter, up from $120 million in the previous quarter. The increase included approximately $4 million in fees earned in connection with helping trust clients prepared the tax filing. Service charges on deposit accounts were $106 million, up $2 million compared with the first quarter primarily reflecting higher levels of customer activity. If the turn to expenses, operating expenses for the second quarter, which exclude or made the amortization of intangible assets were $743 million, compared with $779 million in the previous quarter. Salaries and benefits declined by approximately $51 million from the prior quarter. The majority of which reflects the return to more normal run rate following the first quarter's seasonably high factors that I previously mentioned. Most expense categories remained well controlled with the exception of other cost of operations. The increase of which reflects higher legal related and professional services expenses. And these are likely to remain slightly elevated through the remainder of 2017. The efficiency ratio, which excludes intangible amortization and any merger-related expenses from the numerator and securities gains from the denominator, was 52.7% in the recent quarter. That same ratio was 56.9% in the previous quarter and 55.1% in 2016’s second quarter Next, let's turn to credit. All of credit metrics are indicating that we remain in the benign part of the credit cycle. Nonaccrual loans decreased by $54 million to $872 million at June 30 and the ratio of nonaccrual loans to total loans declined by 6 basis points to 0.98% compared with the end of the first quarter. Net charge-offs for the second quarter were $45 million compared with $43 million in the first quarter. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were 20 basis points for the second quarter, up slightly from 19 basis points in the first quarter in line with what we've seen on average over the past three years. The provision for credit losses was $52 million in the recent quarter, exceeding net charge-offs by $7 million. The allowance for credit losses was $1 billion at the end of June. The ratio of the allowance to total loans increased slightly to 1.13%, reflecting a modestly higher proportion of commercial loans on the balance sheet. Loans 90 days past due on which we continue to accrue interest, excluding acquired loans that had been marked to a fair value-discounted acquisition, were $265 million at the end of the recent quarter. Of these loans, $235 million or 89% are guaranteed by government-related entities. Turning to capital. Over the quarter we completed our CCAR 2016 capital plan, repurchasing $225 million of common stock that remained under plan and the Board's repurchase authorization. Those repurchases, net of retain earnings, combined with the reduction in the balance sheet and in particular risk-weighted assets during the quarter, brought M&T's common equity Tier 1 ratio under the current transitional Basel III capital rules to an estimated 10.8% compared with 10.67% at the end of $900 million of share repurchases over the four quarter period beginning July 1, 2017. In addition, the plan contemplates a $0.05 per share increase in the common stock dividend in the second quarter of 2018, subject to declaration by the Board in the ordinary course of business. Turning to the outlook. Halfway through 2017, our outlook is little changed from what we expected at the beginning of the year. We had two rate actions from the Fed this year which have had significant impact on a net interest margin and which have led the stronger than expected net interest income growth. On the other hand loan growth, we've seen has been less than we expected. For the year-to-date, average loans are up just under 2% compared with the first half of 2016. On that same basis, but excluding the impact from the runoff and residential mortgages, average loans increased 8.4% over the first half of 2016. At present, we don't see lending conditions being materially different in the second half of 2017 from what they were in the first half. We continue to expect average loans for the current year to be up in the low single digits versus 2016 with continued pay downs on residential mortgage loans, offset by modest growth year-over-year in commercial and consumer loans. The implied forward curve doesn't show any further rate actions by the Fed until late in the year. Given that, we expect more modest extension of the NIM from the current level and more modest growth in net interest than we saw in the first half of the year. We see the potential for some pressure on margin in the second half including loan spreads and the impact from refinancing some of our long-term debt. The outlook for the businesses is little changed. While we expect modest growth in mortgage banking revenues, we'll be pleased to match the strong results we saw in the second half of 2016, particularly on the commercial side. We continue to expect growth in the low to mid single digit range for other fee categories. Our expense outlook is also unchanged. We continue to expect low nominal growth in total operating expenses in 2017 compared to last year. And as I noted, professional services including legal related costs are likely to remain elevated through the end of the year. Our outlook for credit continues to be little changed from recent trends. But as we've indicated in prior quarters, credit has been benign for several years and that we continue to view credit as more of a downside risk than an upside opportunity. As to capital, given our strong operating performance and solid capital ratios, we expect to begin execution of our 2017 capital plan shortly. You may have seen our 8-K filing yesterday, noting that the Board has authorized a new buyback program in connection with the 2017 CCAR capital plan. Of course, as you are aware, our projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events and other macroeconomic factors which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. Now let's open up the call to questions, before which, Maria will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Darren, I was wondering if you could just expand on the loan growth side. C&I was down at period end basis and I think you mentioned CRE was slower and that overall growth has been slower than expected. So understanding you are still expecting low single digit average for the year. Can you help us understand just point to point growth from here? Where you expect to grow especially in the non real estate runoff categories?
Darren King: Sure. So let's just kind of walk through each of the categories to try and help give a little clarity to what we were expecting to happen. If we start with the non residential real estate consumer loan side, and you look at where the growth has been, it has been primarily in indirect both in auto and rec fi and those growth rates has been pretty consistent over the first half of the year. And fairly consistent with what we saw in 2016. So we expect those trends to continue. And our rec fi was little high in the second quarter which is fairly typical given that it's bodes and are reason that tends to be the time of the year when people are looking for those kinds of vehicles. When we -- residential real estate, it has been in a run down mode since acquired the Hudson City portfolio and the rate has averaged kind of 14% to 16% a quarter and we foresee that continuing. When we look at the commercial real estate part of the balance sheet, it's been relatively flat this year. And there are a couple things that are going on within the portfolio. Notably, some of the construction balances that we originated in late 2014 and 2015, those projects have kind of under completion and are converting to permanent. And often times the permanent financing is something that happens outside of the bank. So we are seeing a little bit of shift in the commercial real estate balance mix, a little bit away from construction towards more permanent. And that shift is leading us to the more flat in terms of where those balances have been for the first half of the year. But the mix is helpful from a risk weighted asset perspective. On the C&I side, what we've been seeing is slow growth and they kind of bounces around a little bit within the quarter. When we look by industry we don't see any industry that sticks out really positively or negatively. And when we look by geography, we are not really seeing anything that sticks out positively or negatively. What I think we are seeing or what I guess the feedback that we receive when talking to our customers about their thoughts, the word that I was come back to is uncertainty. And the thing that is on everyone's mind or appears to be is when we will have some direction out of Washington on several factors. When we talk to healthcare clients for instance, which we do a lot of business in skilled nursing facilities, the Affordable Care Act is at the front and center of their thought process. And the uncertainty in which direction it might go is leading them to pause before making any investments so that they know what they might be able to expect from a cash flow perspective before they take on new debt and consider expansion. We talked to manufacturing clients; we see some interest in expansion. Their first priority would be to grow by maybe adding some capacity through second shifts or additional labor. But the labor markets are tough for them to find skilled workers and they are reticent to invest in new equipment at the moment again given the uncertainties around where the economy is going. So that's kind of the background to our outlook and we are not dire on the economy by any stretch. But I'd say there are some uncertainty and some cautiousness that when we look at the balance sheets of our customers and you saw it in our credit performance metrics, the business is very healthy. They are still more optimistic than they were at the start or at this point last year. Maybe it's come down a little bit since the election highs but it's still generally optimistic. They are just waiting for a little more certainty before they make any decisions and those companies that are investing are leaning more on their cash which have been at all time high in their business rather than taking on new debt. So until we get some little bit more certainty out of Washington I think we are likely in the spot for a little while longer and that's what is reflected in our comments. Now we think that C&I will be a slow growth part of the portfolio over the next couple of quarters.
Ken Usdin: Yes. That's great color, Darren. Thank you. And just one quick follow up on the overall size of the balance sheet. You mentioned all the escrow deposits and the securities related stuff. Would you say that the average for this quarter was abnormally low just given the size of the balance sheet shrunk by few billion and how would you just explain that episodic nature of them?
Darren King: Sure. When you look at some of the components in those Fed balances and you start to see it also in the deposit balances on the other side of the ledger. You've got some volatility in some of the escrow balances, as well as in what we call trust demand deposit which are a function of some of the M&A activity that's going on in the marketplace. And those two sets of balances will move around a little bit as activity, M&A activity shifts as well as our mortgage servicing customers look at third balances and try to manage their interest income. So you'll see a little bit of volatility in those when we look at where the cash balances were this quarter. It's probably in the right range as we go forward but they will tend to move around. I'll remind you that at this point last year they were over $10 billion. We've seen them move around and come back down into what we consider a more normal range over the course of the first half of this year. And as we go forward my best advice is to think kind of in the $4 billion to $6 billion range and those things can move around a little bit within that spectrum.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning. I just want to follow up on the outlook for the NIM. I think you said something about -- first you said modest NIM expansion back half of the year but then you said there could be some NIM pressure from issuing long-term debt and some other moving pieces. So I was just hoping to flush that out in terms of what's specifically you are pointing to over the back half of the year?
Darren King: Sure. So we haven't seen the full benefit of the June hike in the second quarter's NIM so there is some upside we believe we are projecting based on that increase. But it won't be the whole increase that we traditionally seen. And we think that will be muted slightly by some pressure we see on loan margins as well as by the debt that we are going to issue. But overall we expect some extension in the margin in the third quarter and probably leveling off a little bit in the fourth given that there are no rate increases projected until December.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Geoffrey Elliott of Autonomous.
Geoffrey Elliott: Hello, good morning. Thank you for taking the question. I wondered if you could elaborate a bit on the CCAR ask on the buyback down quite a bit on for previous year. But loan growth still feels like it relatively subdued. So why not ask for a higher buyback and retain capital outweigh when growing the loan book is tough given the Hudson City runoff.
Darren King: Sure. Happy to elaborate on that, Geoff. And your thought process is very consistent with how we think about things. When went into CCAR 2017, the expectations for the economy and for loan growth were a lot different than what they proved to be over the course of the last six months and clearly over the last three. So we put our projections together and we put our baseline together. We are all given scenarios that you have GDP growth and employment forecast and based on those we project forward what we think our growth will be both in loans and balances as well as interest income. Fees what have you to calculate PPNR. And what I think is happened -- more than what I think is happened what I know is happened is reality has had rate increases come faster than what was those in CCAR projections and loan growth is a little bit slower which is creating more capital for us and for the industry. And if we had seen that information in those projections then our asks certainly would have been different than what it was. When we kind of expected that it would be down a little bit year-over-year just given the magnitude of the ask-in in 2016 because of this excess capital we are carrying as a result of the Hudson City acquisition. But overall when we look at CCAR and how things went this year, we are actually quite optimistic in how things went. Obviously getting our approval was a good thing but when we look at some of the changes and how the Fed's models are working in particular when you look at PPNR, we think they've started to take a more company specific approach to how they evaluate PPNR. And we saw our PPNR percentage of assets over the nine quarter project period go up and it went up pretty much more than anyone else in our peer group. And we think reflects the consistent earnings that we've had in the low volatility of earnings that we produce. So that's a positive on a go forward basis. And we also saw decrease in the loss rate's forecast on the mortgage portfolio. They are still high by our estimates. But part of what's in there is I know a service by others portfolio where some of the information is harder to get and to provide as part of our submission. But that's a declining portfolio. So when we look at where we are we see a lot of positives going forward that the PPNR puts us in a good position. And obviously the margin increase and the capitals that we are producing every quarter sets us up well and the loan growth -- we like to see the loan growth but if doesn't come we will -- that will also create capitals that we will be able to distribute in the future. So overall in our eyes it's -- it was positive outcome and we look forward to next year.
Geoffrey Elliott: And then in terms of use of capital. How far away do you think you are from being able to get back to M&A? Where the things stand with the written agreement?
Darren King: So with regards to written agreement, we are working with our regulators now to go through the work that we've completed and to make sure that it is 100% compliant with the terms of written agreement and that we fulfilled all of our obligations which we of course believe we have done. And we are just working through that with the regulators now to -- hope that they will agree with our assessment and we will be able to have a positive resolution to that sometime this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: Yes. Thank you for all the color on the second half of the year. I'm wondering if I could just assume Darren you talked about an efficiency ratio target at the low end of your 55% to 57% range. Given that this quarter came in at 52.7% should we expect that efficiency outlook is still valid or could you fall below that range?
Darren King: It's given where we've been for the first half of the year. It's probably likely that we'll end up a little bit below the 55% range. This quarter was abnormally low, even exceeded our own expectations. And I think there is a couple -- one primary factor there which is deposit pricing just hasn't been as reactive as I don't think we are or anyone in the industry thought which really create a lot of net interest income and helped to bring that efficiency ratio down. As we look forward we believe at some point we are going to start to see that. It hasn't happened yet but we'll start to see that and as I mentioned before we'll have a little bit of elevation in expenses of the second quarter number for some of the legal issues that we are working on. And the combination of those two things I suspect will have the efficiency ratio little bit higher than where it was in the second quarter but full year we are likely to be below the 55%, the bottom end of the 55% that we've talked about earlier in the year.
Erika Najarian: Thank you. And my follow up question is really sort of piggybacking off of Geoffrey's line questioning. So you mentioned that the Fed is getting better at being more specific about its stress testing. You mentioned PPNR improvement and continued improvement in losses that actually reflect your risk profile. I'm wondering if your shareholders can look forward to the resumption of capital payout growth in 2018. And if you think about payout versus M&A, if you could give us some insight on the decision tree there especially given where you are valued on a tangible book basis.
Darren King: Sure. So all else equal if we were -- if we were starting the 2018 capital plan submission today, the distribution request would likely be higher than what it is or was in 2017. Just given the fact that our capital ratios have gone up and that the net income -- sorry the PPNR production is also improved. And it's always been our philosophy and how we run the bank to put that shareholder capital to best use and a return above our long-term cost to capital. We typically want to invest that in the business which is by growing the business. And then after that we look to distribute to the shareholders through a combination of dividends and buybacks. When we look at M&A, we don't hold excess capital on the comp hoping that M&A will show up. We've always been successful going to the market if we need capital to fund an acquisition and raising that capital because of our shareholder return focus and generally the positive financial nature of the deals that we've been able to do in the past. And we would expect that to continue. So now when we look at where we sit from a capital perspective, we continue to target operating at the low end of the peer range in terms of our CET-1 ratio given our credit history and our low volatility of earnings. And put that money back to work first in the business. Second, distribute to shareholders and then as acquisition opportunities present themselves, and if they are attractive from financial perspective as well as from a strategic perspective then we would put that money to work in an acquisition.
Erika Najarian: And just one technical question and thank you for that response. When banks file their capital plan for the CCAR process, do you have to ask upfront you know that you know deal is part of your strategy over the next four quarters or that can happen outside of CCAR -- formal CCAR planning?
Darren King: So the process is you would not put anything in the plan that wasn't definite. So in the plan if you already had a merger agreement in place then your CCAR plan would include the assumption that deal closed during the CCAR period. You would forecast the PPNR of the combined entity. You would forecast the charge-offs in the combined entity and you would look at what your capital ratios are, assuming that two organizations will merge and then you would make your capital distribution request based on that. You wouldn't hold capital and put in a deal that isn't even on the table on the assumption that something might happen. It's got to be known to the extent that a merger presents itself in the middle of the period; you would resubmit or provide an updated capital plan and kind of mini CCAR if you will, with your merger request.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pancari of Evercore.
John Pancari: Good morning. On the back to the loan growth detail. And thanks for the color you gave there but what I am trying to get more info on is, on the C&I decline and the end of CRE balances. What was that exactly attributable to? And then when you look at where C&I in isolation could grow in coming quarters. I know you had indicated that there are several factors and that could be volatile. Are we looking at similar low single digit range for that as well? And I guess the similar question for CRE given the kind of financing factors you see in there.
Darren King: So on C&I and when you look at what's going on with the balances within there, there is a number of components that are happening. One, when you look at credit lines and line utilization. We saw those cap out in the second quarter and start to flatten out. So people not drawing on the lines anymore are one thing that starts to slowdown the growth. I'll remind you that history has said that in the third quarter we tend to see a decrease in C&I balance because of our auto floor plan business that is the model year changeover. You tend to see a decrease in the third quarter before the new model year start to show up in the showroom floor, which tends to increase in the fourth quarter. And then when you look more broadly at the C&I, whenever in any quarter and in any year there is a mix of pay down, pay offs and new originations. And when you see the decrease in loan balances it's generally a function of the pace of new originations as opposed you see us speed up in pay down. So when we look at the loan growth that we had and what we foresee, it's not that we are seeing charges-off increase that are bringing balances down or prepayment speed increase. What we are just seeing is more cautious attitude from our customers towards the future and originations being a little bit slower than what we had seen through 2016.
John Pancari: Okay. That's helpful. And on commercial real estate. Given the volatility there, given the pressure or the shifting you are seeing from some of the construction credits now moving into permanent financing that implies that you don't have the back fill happening with incremental construction growth. And therefore front end issue there as well. Is that likely the case and that keep CRE flattish?
Darren King: I think CRE will be flattish to slightly growing. It's obviously a function of activity and what's going on in the construction and real estate market in general. We did see a little bit of slowdown in construction; at least with our customer base overall the last sort of while they have been working on the projects that we had financed for them through 2016 and in latter half of 2015. Now if you look at where our growth was last year, particularly in the second half of the year was very heavy in CRE and in construction. And our customers are busy with those projects and not taking on new business. Over time those will come to pay down and we mentioned I think a couple of times that will flip into more of a pay down mode in the construction side over the course of the second half of 2017 and into 2018. And then we'll see where new activity goes. And whether it picks back up on the construction side or shifts more towards the permanent site.
John Pancari: Okay. Thanks. And then last Darren just around the deposit base. I know you had indicated that so far they remain low. You just indicated where you have seen them post the June hike and where you expect they can move. Thanks.
Darren King: It's a great question. It's a tough one to handicap only because we are still in a territory we've never been in before. And we all keep expecting that something is going to happen but it hasn't. So on the side that says things will stay the way they are. You see bank loan to deposit ratio is still below a 100%. You see changes in the money fund industry and that alternative is still less attractive than it was. And you see absolute Fed fund rates lower than they were at the end of the last time Fed funds were this low. So it's still little bit of un-chartered territory. On the side that you say we might start to see movement, certain customers especially larger balanced customers will start to pay more attention to the rates that they are getting. And we'll see a little bit of pressure there but at this point we still are expecting that they just will remain relatively low for one more hike at least maybe two. And in terms of where we are seeing any activity all tends to be larger balanced customers where it's more of one off conversation. Where we are talking to them based on our total relationship, being a relationship oriented bank. And we see some movement on the consumer side generally in the CD space mainly in the 1and 12 months terms. You seem some kind of new terms coming up of 13 and 14 months from certain competitors and certain geographies but overall pricing has been fairly stable. And we anticipate that it's likely to continue that way for the next little while. If you do see any increase in deposit, often times they are customers who have an index driven rate and when you see the rates move it's because the index move. But overall still pretty quite on the deposit front.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of David Eads of UBS.
David Eads: Hi, good morning. Thanks for the color, Darren. Maybe just couple of kind of other topic. You mentioned a couple of times you guys can growing in indirect auto. And I am just curious what you guys are seeing from the competitive backdrop there? Whether guys kind of pulling out, are you seeing that have an impact on pricing return in that market? Are things getting better there?
Darren King: It's a great question. And it's something that we spend a lot of time looking at given the nature of that business and how competitive it is and how good accessed information is from the dealer network about what others are doing. And we are aware of the pull back that we've seen from others industry. It had relatively modest effect on our origination so far. Mainly because the space that we operate in isn't the super prime and it's not the subprime. It's not even really the near prime. It's kind of the lower end of prime. I don't know whether there is such a category or not maybe we are naming one here. But that customer base and that credit window that we've operated in has been pretty consistent for probably the last three or four years. And the volumes that we originate have also been fairly steady month-to-month and quarter-to-quarter. They can move around if we average let say $120 million a month, it can drop down to $100 million and it can go up to $140 million, $150 million but we don't see it doubling in any month or quarter or shrinking down materially below $100 million because that customer space where we are looking at cyco, we are looking at the vehicle itself and the term is spot where we have been pretty consistent and our volumes have been pretty consistent as a result.
David Eads: Great. Thanks. And then I know you have talked on securities portfolio but the yield went down sequentially that was little surprising to me. And you guys had talked about bringing down asset sensitivity and what was implies anyway -- I was kind of expected that you maybe walk something in longer term in securities line and leads a little bit more extension. Can you just kind of walk through the dynamic there?
Darren King: So on the securities portfolio, there is a couple things. We slowdown little bit some of the reinvestment of the cash flows that we were paying off from the mortgage backed securities. And we did a little repositioning of the securities portfolio to increase the percentage that is in Ginnie Mae in particular to improve the percentage to qualify as the top tier of high quality of liquid assets. And as we made that switch you start to see a little bit movement in the margin because those tend to have slightly lower coupon than the other asset categories. But there is no change that we made in terms of the duration of the portfolio and yes --
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Klock of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Brian Klock: Good morning, gentleman. So, Darren, just a follow up question to what John had asked you about loan growth. And I know you said there weren't any significant pay downs you saw. It was more from an origination perspective, there is more muted on the origination side. Is there any correlation to the big drawdown in the noninterest securing deposits and maybe some of those market customers they are just accessing the success equity versus trying to go out and take out a loan just what kind of fund their operations until they get more clarity from what's going on in Washington? Is that anything you are hearing from your customers?
Darren King: It's definitely we are hearing it from the RMs Brian but if you look at the decrease in those deposit balances, the biggest drivers are really the escrow balances and the trust demand balances. They are maybe a little of it, that's part of the phenomenon that you are referencing. But at this point or for this quarter I should say that wasn't the biggest driver there. It was really more of the escrow and the trust demand.
Brian Klock: Got it. Thanks for that. And the fee income side and the other miscellaneous fee income. It seemed like it was up this quarter about $6 million sequentially. Anything in there that's nonrecurring or anything that's -- or is that [1.17] a better run rate that use going forward.
Darren King: So when you look at that line item, Brian, there is a couple of things that were really driving the change quarter-to-quarter. One was loan fees. We had a fairly active quarter in our advisory and syndication parts of the bank. So they had a very strong quarter. And then the other part of it is our investment in Bayview and that the over time the carrying cost of that is now down to zero. So instead of that number being negative in that other income line is now zero. So that one is definitely recurring and will be around for a while. The loan fees obviously we are hopeful that those will continue at that level but obviously that moves around with the market.
Brian Klock: Okay. So within they are the -- usually the insurance income is usually little bit seasonally softer in the second quarter or is that after good first quarter was the insurance revenues offset in there even though these other items were positive.
Darren King: It was materially different.
Brian Klock: Okay. And just one last question on the deposit side. With the time deposit again you had another quarter of sequential decline in the rate pay down time deposit. I know you talked about the Hudson City remixing and reprising of that. I guess how much more do you think --should we see similar types of decline as we go into the back half of the year on the cost to time deposits.
Darren King: So the rate of decrease should start to slow in particular as it relates to the margin. So when you look at what's in that book slightly over half is less than a year in terms of duration. And skewed towards six months and less. There is half of the book that we still need to reprise. But it will reprise over a longer time horizon because those were time deposits that we are carrying at two, three and five year term on them. And it's going to take the course of the next couple of years for those to reprise. So you've got half of the book that has been reprised probably couple of times already and are closer to market rate. And then you've got the other half that will reprise probably in equal proportions over the next three years.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Peter Winter of Wedbush Securities.
Peter Winter: Good morning. I just want to go back to the reducing some of the assets sensitivity that you talked about in the past. Can you just give you an update where it stands today and kind of how it's going to trend going forward?
Darren King: Sure. If you look at the bank overall, we remain asset sensitive. That sensitivity is come down a little bit in the second quarter and you probably see that in the Q when it comes out that when you look at the impact of rates moving up or down 100 basis points which will you see is a slightly lower increase in net interest income when rates go up. But the offset is that obviously is that if rates were to drop you would see a slightly less smaller decrease in net interest income when rates go down. And really what we were thinking over the course of the start of the year was that we had an extra hike that we didn't anticipate. I don't think anyone did in March. And that the rate increases given our asset sensitivity create a lot of net interest income. And not that we are expecting rates go down. But if rates were to go down, with deposits not reprising that increase would equally go away. And we though it was prudent, and again as we think about managing the bank for lower volatility, start to lock in a little bit of that. And in the quarter we hedged about $4 billion of the balance sheet and give it in kind of equal parts of loan hedges or cash flow hedges as well as deposit related hedges or funding hedges, debt hedges and that produce that change in sensitivity which lower the asset sensitivity a little bit. And whether we do more or not remains to be seen depending on what the forward curves look like. But as rates move throughout the quarter we didn't think that it made sense to continue that so we stopped it at $4 billion.
Peter Winter: Great. And did any of that contribute to some of the margin expansion this quarter?
Darren King: It helped a little bit. But really it's just more -- we had hedged and kind of locked in the forward curve. So the curve, as long as it shows up the way we expect it, it doesn't have a material impact on the margin. But it was about as expected and the impact on the margin this quarter was really not material.
Peter Winter: Thanks. And just one quick follow up on CCAR. There have been a couple of questions, results were very good, capitals building, I am just wondering if is there any thoughts of possibly resubmitting a capital plan later this year?
Darren King: It's a good question. We are focused in the last little while on getting through the quarter and doing our work to see where the capital ratios ended up given the strong performance. And we'll take a look and see and if we decided to do something we'll let you know.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have time for one question. Our final question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning, Darren. How are you? Good, thank you. Can you give us an update on just on the written agreement that you have with the regulators? I think you have been saying that you hope to have it lifted by the end of the year. Is there any update there? And second as part of that, with the changes in Washington not really having heads of the OCC, TROs position is not been replaced yet either. Does that complicated at all for you guys?
Darren King: So I'll start with the first part. I unfortunately I have no news to share with you on the written agreement. I mentioned earlier that we've completed our work and we are working with our regulators now to review that to make sure that they concur with our assessment that we have fulfilled all of our obligations under the written agreement. And then from there we kind of go to Washington to review that work and hopefully obtain agreement that we have completed all the parts of the written agreement. Within Washington, there are enough staffers around that have been there to make a decision but I think it's probably a little bit difficult. And this is speculation on my part right that without someone in those positions that it might be a little bit more difficult to finalize that. But I don't know how the workings at the Fed, how the Fed operates internally to say that's definitively a help or hindrance to us getting, giving some progress on the written agreement.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then just as a follow up, you guys obviously have spent an enormous amount of capital and money to meet the terms of the written agreement and I believe if Bob put in the letter, shareholder letter that share that total regulatory expense is now are about $440 million which are up meaningful from pre crisis or around the crisis time. Should we anticipate once the written agreement is lifted and your systems are all running smooth, that the $440 million could come down a bit because I am assuming part of that number was to build out what you need to build out? Now it's more just maintain and improves what you have.
Darren King: So, George, the way I would think about the $440 million is that's largely the run rate going forward. And there are a number of components that are part of that. Some of those are what we would consider a little bit more soft dollar cost if you will. And that it is time a front line staff talking to our customers about regulatory related things, collecting information what have you. And so those folks will still be around talking to customers. We just hope that they are going to talk more about business and a little less about their documentation. So those expenses will go away. We have added expense in our compliance department for the AML/BSA functions as well as for some of the modeling related to CCAR and stress test. And as we continue to get smarter and more sophisticated in those areas, we expect there to be some efficiency gains. But you are not going to see $440 million go down to $200 million. We are talking more like 5% to 10% kind of normal efficiency gain so you can get through time through automation and process improvement as opposed to material parts of the operation go away.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude the Q&A portion of the call. I'll now like to turn the call back over to Don MacLeod for any additional or closing remarks.
Don MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, if clarification on any of the items of the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department at 716-842-5138. Thank you and good bye.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's M&T Bank's second quarter 2017 earnings call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-17 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the M&T Bank First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Don MacLeod, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Don MacLeod: Thank you, Laurie, and good morning. I’d like to thank everyone for participating in M&T’s first quarter 2017 earnings conference call both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website, www.mtb.com, and by clicking on the Investor Relations link. Also, before we start, I’d like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on forms 8-K, 10-K, and 10-Q, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now, I’d like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, Darren King.
Darren King: Thank you, Don, and good morning everyone. As we noted in the earnings press release this morning, M&T’s results for the first quarter were quite strong; the result of work done in the last 12 months positioning the bank to respond to the environment that emerged in the first quarter. The rate hike back in December and again in March, combined with limited pressure on deposit pricing, has improved net interest margins across the industry, and M&T Bank was no exception. Those actions were a major factor in the 26 basis point expansion of our net interest margin, and in turn, the 4% growth in net interest income, both compared to the prior quarter. We experienced our usual seasonal uptick in compensation-related expenses during the first quarter relating to equity and comp – and incentive compensation and employee benefits costs. Aside from that, expenses continue to be well controlled. Credit remained stable, and as we signaled on the January call, we resumed implementation of our CCAR 2016 capital plan by purchasing $532 million of M&T common stock during the quarter as well as increasing the common dividend by $0.05 to $0.75 per share per quarter. Before we turn to the details, I would like to take a moment to acknowledge the contributions of M&T’s President and Chief Operating Officer, Mark Czarnecki, who passed away during the first quarter. Mark was a leader in the truest sense of the word, a mentor to many within the bank, the industry, and the community. For me personally, I can’t thank Mark enough for the guidance, advice, and impact he has had on my career at M&T. He was the kind of banker and, indeed, the kind of person we should all aspire to be. We will miss him but appreciate all that he did to enrich our lives. Now let’s turn to the numbers. Diluted GAAP earnings per share were $2.12 in the first quarter of 2017 compared with $1.98 in the fourth quarter of 2016 and $1.73 in the first quarter of 2016. Net income for the quarter was $349 million compared with $331 million in the linked quarter and up 17% from $299 million in the year ago quarter. Net income in the first quarter was impacted by new accounting guidance for certain types of equity based compensation. Tax benefits derived from deductions from employee equity compensation based on changes to the stock price and which were formally reflected in Other Comprehensive income are now included as an offset to income tax expense on a current-period basis. Thus, the first quarter’s results included tax benefit of $18 million or approximately $0.12 per common share. Also recall that the fourth quarter 2016 results included a $30 million contribution to the M&T Charitable Foundation following a large securities gain in last year’s third quarter and a smaller gain in the fourth quarter. That contribution amounted to $18 million after-tax effect or $0.12 per common share. There were no merger-related expenses in either the first quarter of 2017 or last year’s fourth quarter. However, results for the first quarter of 2016 included merger-related charges amounting to $14 million after-tax effect or $0.09 per common share. Also included in GAAP results in the recent quarter were after-tax expenses from the amortization of intangible assets amounting to $5 million or $0.03 per common share, compared with $6 million and $0.03 per common share in the prior quarter. Consistent with our long-term practice, M&T provides supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis, from which we have only ever excluded the after-tax effect of amortization of intangible assets as well as any gains or expenses associated with mergers and acquisitions. M&T’s net operating income for the first quarter, which excludes intangible amortization and merger-related expenses from the relevant periods, was $354 million, compared with $336 million in the linked quarter and $320 million in last year’s first quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $2.15 for the recent quarter compared with $2.01 in 2016’s fourth quarter and $1.87 for the first quarter of 2016. On a GAAP basis, M&T’s first quarter results produced an annualized rate of return on average assets of 1.15% and an annualized return on average common equity of 8.89%. That compares with rates of 1.05% and 8.13% respectively in the previous quarter. Net operating income yielded annualized rates of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders’ equity of 1.21% and 13.05% in the recent quarter. The comparable returns were 1.1% and 11.93% in the fourth quarter of 2016. In accordance with SEC’s guidelines, this morning’s press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results including tangible assets and equity. Turning to the balance sheet and the income statement. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $922 million in the first quarter of 2017, improved by $39 million from the linked quarter. Net interest margin improved to 3.34%, up 26 basis points from 3.08% in the linked quarter. The single biggest impact to the margin, an estimated 12 basis points came as a result of the Fed’s late-December rate action reaching its full run rate during the quarter, and to a lesser extent, the Fed’s late-March action. A major component of that benefit can be seen in the 16 basis points increase in loan yields compared with the prior quarter. The average balance of funds placed on deposit with the Fed declined by approximately $2.6 billion from the fourth quarter, reflecting the combination of cash deployed into investment securities and lower levels of deposits received from fiduciary clients engaged in capital markets transactions. We estimate that this decline produced a benefit to the margin of about 7 basis points. Compared with the fourth quarter, the shorter 90-day first quarter increased the reported margin by an estimated 3 basis points. A favorable mix of interest-bearing liabilities benefited the margin by an estimated 4 basis points. This includes the maturity of higher-cost, long-term borrowings including those acquired in the Hudson City transaction as well as the continued runoff of higher-cost time deposits also acquired with Hudson City. Those were replaced by higher balances of noninterest-bearing demand deposits. Average loans declined by less than 1% compared with the linked quarter. A slower rate of growth for commercial loans, commercial real estate, and consumer loans was insufficient to offset continued pay-downs of our residential real estate portfolio. In particular, commercial real estate loans originated for sale decreased to $75 million at March 31 from an unusually high $643 million at last year’s end. Looking at loans by category on an average basis compared with the linked quarter, commercial and industrial loans were up approximately 7% annualized, commercial real estate loans increased by about 4% annualized. Residential mortgage loans declined at a 16% annualized rate and consumer loans grew an annualized 1%, which marks a continuation of the trend we’ve seen for several quarters, with growth in indirect loans including auto and recreation finance loans being offset by lower home equity lines and loans. Impacting the end-of-period consumer loans was the windup and dissolution of the auto loan securitization we did in the third quarter of 2013. This brought some $130 million of auto loans back onto our balance sheet during the quarter. Regionally, we saw the strongest growth in C&I loans in New Jersey; our New York Metro region, which includes Philadelphia; and the Mid-Atlantic. Commercial real estate activity remained strong in New Jersey and the Mid-Atlantic but slowed notably in the New York Metro region. Home equity lending remained pressured across the footprint. On an end-of-period basis, C&I loans declined approximately 1.4%. As I mentioned, the 1.3% end-of-period decline in commercial real estate loans was entirely due to an elevated level of commercial mortgages held for sale by our commercial mortgage banking group at December 31, 2016. Loans held for sale declined by some $568 million at the recent quarter end compared with the end of December. Otherwise, end-of-period CRE loans would have grown by a little less than 0.5%. Average core customer deposits, which exclude deposits received at M&T’s Cayman Islands office and CDs over $250,000 declined by some $599 million from the fourth quarter, with higher levels of demand deposits offset by lower levels of interest checking balances and continued runoff of time deposits acquired with Hudson City. Turning to non-interest income. Non-interest income totaled $447 million in the first quarter compared with $465 million in the prior quarter. Mortgage banking revenues were $85 million in the recent quarter compared with $99 million in the linked quarter. Residential mortgage loans originated for sale were $727 million in the quarter, down about 4% compared with the fourth quarter. Total residential mortgage banking revenues, including origination and servicing activities, were $58 million compared with $63 million in the prior quarter. Commercial mortgage banking revenues were $27 million in the recent quarter, down some $9 million from the prior quarter. Recall that the loan volumes originated for sale and resulting revenues in last year’s third and fourth quarter were near all-time highs, a pace that is difficult to sustain. Trust income was $120 million in the recent quarter, little change from $122 million in the previous quarter. The decline is largely attributable to seasonal factors as new business generation remained strong. Service charges on deposit accounts were $104 million, down just $1 million compared with the fourth quarter also reflecting seasonal elements. Turning to expenses, operating expenses for the first quarter, which exclude the amortization of intangible assets were $779 million, compared with $760 million in the previous quarter, which included the $30 million contribution to the M&T Charitable Foundation that I previously mentioned. As is normally the case, the comparison of first quarter with the preceding quarter reflects our typical seasonal increase in salaries and benefits relating to accelerated recognition of equity compensation expense for certain retirement-eligible employees, the 401(k) match, the HSA contribution, and the annual reset in FICA payments and unemployment insurance. Those items accounted for approximately a $50 million increase in salaries and benefits from the fourth quarter. As usual, those seasonal factors will not recur as we enter the second quarter. The efficiency ratio, which excludes intangible amortization and merger-related expenses from the numerator and securities gains from the denominator, was 56.9% in the recent quarter. The ratio was 56.4% in the previous quarter and 57.0% in 2016’s first quarter. Next, let's turn to credit. Our credit quality remains relatively stable. Nonaccrual loans increased by just $7 million to $927 million at March 31 and the ratio of nonaccrual loans to total loans increased by 3 basis points to 1.04% compared with the end of the fourth quarter. We continue to see modest inflows of new, nonaccrual mortgage loans in the acquired Hudson City portfolio, which under the accounting rules, were 0 as of the date of the acquisition. Net charge-offs for the first quarter were $43 million compared with $49 million in the fourth quarter. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were 19 basis points for the first quarter, in line with what we've seen on average over the past three years. The provision for credit losses was $55 million in the recent quarter, exceeding net charge-offs by $12 million, reflecting the continued shift to a higher proportion of commercial loans to total loans as the Hudson City residential mortgage portfolio pays down. The allowance for credit losses was $1 billion at the end of March. The ratio of the allowance to total loans increased slightly to 1.12%, reflecting that higher proportion of commercial loans. Loans 90 days past due on which we continue to accrue interest, excluding acquired loans that had been marked to a fair value-discounted acquisition, were $280 million at the end of the first quarter. Of these loans, $253 million or 90% are guaranteed by government-related entities. Turning to capital. As we signaled on our January conference call, we resumed share repurchases during the past quarter, in line with our work CCAR 2016 capital plan. In total, we repurchased 3.2 million shares during the quarter at an aggregate cost of $532 million. Those repurchases, combined with the reduction of the balance sheet and risk-weighted assets during the quarter, brought M&T's common equity Tier 1 ratio under the current transitional Basel III capital rules to an estimated 10.66% compared with 10.7% at the end of the fourth quarter. The actions we took in the fourth quarter to refinance one of our series of preferred stock reduced quarterly preferred dividends by $2.1 million to $18.2 million, which is indicative of the run rate going forward. Now turning to the outlook. As we're now three months into 2017, there's still reason for optimism. The Fed's actions on interest rates came faster than we and the market were expecting back in January. The result was that margin expansion happened somewhat earlier than we expected, which in turn led to better growth in net interest income. Loan growth, despite the optimism for change in a more business-friendly administration, has yet to materialize in a meaningful way. And while the pace of loan growth in commercial and consumer categories has slowed somewhat as expected, the pace of pay-downs in residential real estate hasn’t slowed as customers look to lock in current rates in advance of any further increases in rates. The net result is that our outlook for loan growth for the full year of 2017 is a little lower than it was in January in the lower single-digits area, the lower end of our range. Absent any further rate actions by the Fed, there is modest upside to the net interest margin due to the fact that rates move late in the first quarter. However, the ultimate margin is impacted not just by the Fed, but by competitive pricing, the amount of cash on the balance sheet and the mix of funding. The higher interest rate environment continues to challenge mortgage banking, specifically with respect to residential mortgage loan originations. Consistent with other mortgage originators, we relaxed margins in the past quarters to sustain volume, which impacted gain on sale revenue. As we've noted previously, we have the capacity and the appetite for additional servicing or subservicing business should any opportunities present themselves. This could offer a potential offset for slower originations. The outlook for the remaining fee businesses is unchanged for growth in the low to mid-single-digit range. Our expense outlook is also unchanged. We continue to expect low nominal growth in total operating expenses in 2017 compared to last year. We don't expect to match any upside to revenues with any material increase in investment activity. Our outlook for credit remains little changed. However, we must constantly remind ourselves that credit has been benign for several years and that we should view credit more as a downside risk than an upside opportunity. Despite some modest pressure on nonperforming and criticized loans, our outlook for credit losses remains relatively stable. As for capital, given our strong operating performance and solid capital ratios, it is our intention to continue with the second quarter distributions that were approved as part of our 2016 CCAR submission. Of course, as you're aware, our projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events and other macroeconomic factors which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. Now let's open up the call to questions, before which, Laurie will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of David Eads of UBS.
David Eads: Okay good morning. Maybe if we could get into obviously, a really good result on the interest margin. I think your comment in there was that we should expect modest improvement in 2Q. I guess, is that correct? And then more specifically, can you talk about what you guys actually saw in terms of deposit repricing? Was there anything specific that allowed you to increase the noninterest-bearing deposit so meaningful? I mean is that sustainable? And should we expect that the deposit costs can be kind of stable from here?
Darren King: Sure. So there's a bunch of questions in there. I apologize, I didn't write them all down. So if I missed one, well we can come back to it at the end.
David Eads: Well, I mean, I asked – I only asked one, so I was trying to get them all in there together. I apologize.
Darren King: One question with 12 parts. That's fine. So on margin for the second quarter, we are anticipating a little expansion in the second quarter, and that's largely the result of having a full quarter's worth of the increase that happened in March with the Fed. So we didn't get the full quarter impact in the first quarter and we expect some of that to bleed into the second quarter. When we look at the components of the margin, obviously, we're very pleased with how the margin went in the first quarter and how things reacted. Obviously, between the day count and cash balances, that was 10 basis points of the increase, right? So I kind of look at this more as 16 versus 26. And then, when you break those two down between the impact of funding costs and the repricing of the assets, the asset repricing, in effect, was about 12 basis points, which isn't far from what we've been signaling in terms of six to ten for a 25 basis point increase from the Fed. Your specific question about deposits, when we look at where deposit pricing was in the quarter, what was helpful for us, as you could see in the numbers, is we continue to work through the Hudson City time deposit book. And we started that, really, in August, September of 2016. And you can only reprice that as fast as those time deposits mature. And when we look at the pace of maturities of those deposits, it is roughly the same. It runs kind of about $100 million a week. There might be a couple of weeks where we have some big repricing. But what we've seen is the average rate at which things are repricing from has come down in the last six months. So the amount of decrease we can get, we're starting to get lower, or it could get smaller through time, but we still think there's a little bit of opportunity for repricing there. In terms of noninterest-bearing, I think, as we see some of those time deposits choose not to renew as time deposits, they're going liquid, some of that ends up in money market, some of that ends up and now in DDA while customers are deciding what to do. And then the other part of the interest-bearing to keep in mind is commercial balances, right? And commercial balances, we haven't seen as much pressure on pricing yet as what we anticipated. There's more there than there is on the consumer side, but not what we anticipated. And time will tell whether that mix is able to stay where it is today. Our expectation is that it will start to shift and that those balances will start to move likely into the money funds. But the money fund industry has changed since the crisis, and the rates that you can get on government funds, which is where that money would likely go, haven't moved enough yet for that to move. So that's an indicator that we keep an eye on to gauge what we think might happen to those noninterest-bearing deposits.
David Eads: Right, that’s very helpful. Thanks very much.
Darren King: No problem.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe of Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe: Great, thanks. Good morning.
Darren King: Good morning Ken.
Ken Zerbe: Just a question on the tax change. Can you just talk about how recurring that is? I mean, is that something that only happens in the first quarter? Does that happen throughout the year? I mean, really, should we expect a permanently lower tax rate kind of over time? I'm trying to understand the go-forward implications.
Darren King: Yes. It's basically predominantly a first quarter event, because that's when most of our equity compensation is paid and invested. However, there are still some stock options that are outstanding, that are now in the money that will expire over the next 12 months. And as people exercise those options, there's the opportunity for there to be what's known as a disqualifying disposition, which can help lower the tax rate. But by and large, I would tend to think of it as predominantly a first quarter event with a little bit of noise in the other quarters, but shouldn't move the earnings as much as what happened this quarter.
Ken Zerbe: You mean in next year's first quarter? Or…
Darren King: Next year's first quarter. It should happen every year in the first quarter.
Ken Zerbe: Got it. Okay. So this first quarter wasn't unusually large given the initial tax change, it was just simply this is how it probably is going to be on a go-forward basis in first quarter?
Darren King: Yes. So the thing to keep in mind, Ken, as you think through this, is this quarter was large because of the material increase in the stock price at the end of the year. And the way it works is it's the difference between the share price when it is issued and the price when it vests. So when you have a big gain when the price at vesting is higher than the price at its issuance, that increases your expenses and reduces your tax liability. The reverse can also happen, right? So if the stock happens to be lower at vesting date than what it was when it was issued, then your expense will go down and your tax liability will go up, right? So what the effect this is going to have – it’s not really changing what’s happening in actuality, it’s just where on the financial statements it’s happening. It used to go through OCI and hit the equity line, and now it’s going through the income statement. So it’s going to create that volatility. It can move things positively or negatively, and it will tend to be disproportionately in the first quarter of the year for M&T.
Ken Zerbe: Great. All right, thank you.
Darren King: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pancari of Evercore.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Darren King: Hi, John.
John Pancari: Back to the loan growth topic. Thanks for the color around your updated expectations on loan growth. I just want to get a little bit more color on the granularity. In terms of the pace of the incremental runoff in the resi mortgage book, how should we expect that pace to play out? And then on the commercial side, the C&I growth outlook, if you could just talk a little bit about that, where you’re seeing some weakening in demand, if you are. And then lastly, on CRE, where the pay-downs are and if you could quantify them at all. Thanks.
Darren King: Okay. Boy, this – you guys really learn from Don about asking one question with multiple parts. So on residential real estate, we’ll start with that. If you look at the pace of decline in those balances, we do expect it to moderate somewhat as we go through the year, but that will be a function of where interest rates move and, in particular, the 30-year. The book is also getting smaller. So the percentage pay-down as a percentage of a smaller balance will also come down. We had kind of run in the range of $900 million a quarter through 2016. I think we’re a little under that this quarter, around $800 million. We do expect that to start to slow down as we go through 2017. To give an exact number, obviously, is a little difficult given where pay-downs are, but I would be thinking, I guess, in the kind of $600 million to $800 million a quarter range would probably be a good starting point. When we talk about C&I lending for the quarter, demand was strongest kind of along the eastern seaboard. And if you look really from New York down through Philadelphia, Baltimore, Greater Washington, that tended to be where the bulk of the activity was. Certain sectors were particularly strong. Accommodation and food services were fairly strong, as was some health care and social assistance sectors. When we look at the pipeline that we have, the pipeline is actually reasonably strong. It’s within the range of where it was at the first quarter of last year, we’re just not seeing people go to actually take out the loans. So we have approved loans on the books or in the pipeline, and we’re waiting for customers to actually go through with those borrowings. When we talk about commercial real estate and what’s going on there, probably the biggest thing that we’re starting to see is within our construction book, that we had an increase in construction balances during 2016, the result of loans that were originated during 2015 as well as early 2016. And as those projects reach completion, then they will become permanent mortgages, either with us or with someone else. And if we – if you see some slowdown in absolute commercial real estate growth, which we kind of expected this year, it’s being driven substantially by a reduction in construction balances.
John Pancari: Got it. Okay, thanks. Is your loan growth guide low single digits on average balances or EOB?
Darren King: On average balances, and that’ll be across everything. So C&I, CRE, consumer and residential real estate.
John Pancari: Yes, okay. All right, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt O’Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Ricky Dodds: Hey, guys. This is Ricky Dodds from Matt’s team. Congrats on the good quarter. Just a bigger picture question. I was wondering if you have any update on the AML issue and if there’s any timetable for a resolution.
Darren King: Well, we are now substantially complete in our work on the AML/BSA in the written agreement, and we are having our work reviewed by a regulator and hope that they will agree that we’ve done everything we said we would in the time frame, and that we’ll be hopeful for a positive outcome sometime this year.
Ricky Dodds: Okay, great. And then another bigger picture question, if that’s okay. A number of your peers have talked about a lot of migration towards the digital and sort of enhancing the customer’s digital experience. Can you just remind us again what you’re doing on that front and maybe provide a breakdown of what sort of transactional activity you’re seeing at branches versus maybe a digital or online platform?
Darren King: Sure. So if you look at what’s been going on, just to kind of step back and talk about what’s happening with customer behavior and transaction patterns at branches, we’ve seen a slowdown in teller-assisted transactions primarily for consumers over the course of the last four years. And that migration started actually four years ago, five years ago when we started to deploy image enabled ATMs. And the pace of decline for consumer transactions has averaged kind of 8% to 10% per year decrease for consumer teller-assisted transactions. When we look at small business, it was also a very important part of our customer segment and active users of the branch, their transaction patterns have also decreased but at a much slower pace. It’s kind of running 2% per year. So the weighted average decrease is in the 6% to 8% range. If we look at how we continue to invest in alternative channels for our customers, obviously, last year, we updated the website and online access through any device, be it your PC, your tablet or your mobile phone. The foundation for those interactions was from that upgrade that we made to the website. We also, in the last quarter of last year, introduced our updated mobile app that also included mobile check deposit, and we’ve seen strong adoption of the app and strong ratings online. I think the average review is between 4 and 5 of that app and transaction activity there continues to increase. When we look at where early movement is happening on the mobile app, it is shifting as much or more from the ATM and ATM deposits to the mobile device as opposed to from the teller line to the mobile device.
Ricky Dodds: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Frank Schiraldi of Sandler O’Neill.
Frank Schiraldi: Good morning.
Darren King: Good morning.
Frank Schiraldi: Just on the – just going back to the margin. Darren, I think you’d talked recently about a 25 basis point increase, and I think you were specifically talking about March being worth anywhere from $70 million to $85 million, I guess, in NII for the full year. So I’m just wondering, does that assume that the deposit betas pick up and so, at the very least, might be a little front-loaded in a world where deposit betas aren’t necessarily picking up in the short term?
Darren King: Right. That’s the right way to think about it. We – each 25 basis point increase from the Fed should be in that range that you quoted on an annual basis. And when we run our estimates, we do include some deposit pricing reactivity. And the more reactivity there is, you get closer to the lower end of that range and the less there is, obviously, you get to the higher end of that range. But it does tend to be front-loaded as you pointed out, because the assets reprice instantly off the index and the deposits take a little longer to reprice.
Frank Schiraldi: Great. And would you say you get most of that just from the short end moving and don’t necessarily need the shift across maturities across the yield curve?
Darren King: Yes. For us, in particular, we’re much more sensitive on the asset side to the short end of the curve.
Frank Schiraldi: Great. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Klock of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Brian Klock: Hey, good morning Darren and Don. Thanks for taking my question.
Darren King: How are you Brian?
Brian Klock: Not too bad, not too bad, thanks. So thinking about the margin and the securities portfolio, you saw a nice 15 basis point pop in yield on the securities portfolio. I guess I wasn’t expecting that sort of a pop this quarter. Can you talk about a little bit what you did there? Is there anything as far as extending duration or anything that you guys may have done within the securities portfolio to see that good pop in the yield?
Darren King: I guess the biggest factor was just the reinvestment activity and what was rolling off and the rates we were able to get with what we were reinvesting in. If you look at where we had been historically, it was largely a mix of 2-year treasuries and 15-year mortgage-backed securities. And if you look in the quarter, I think we did a little bit more MBS than we had previously, and we did a little bit more of 30-year MBS in proportion to what we had done in the past. But in general, when we look at the duration, the duration is relatively stable. It might be up a couple of months, but we haven’t been looking to extend duration. That’s not typically how we think about the securities book.
Brian Klock: And then so thinking about sort of new purchase yield versus roll-off, I guess, going forward, would that 6 to 10 basis points of NIM extension from the Fed, I guess, given where the tenures kind of come back here a little bit, is the expectation that, that 243 [ph] is somewhat flat here? Or does that still benefit going forward any new purchases?
Darren King: When I look at where we’ve been, when I talk about that 6 to 10 in relation to the increase from the Fed, that’s more on the asset side of the book and looking at our lending side and how – with the mix of assets that reprice off of LIBOR in relation to the deposit base, the impact of securities yields can move that around a little bit quarter-to-quarter, but not more than 1 to 2 basis points. So I – no, I wouldn’t look at the reinvestment risk and/or the potential pricing we get from reinvesting the securities as having a material impact on that 6 to 10.
Brian Klock: Got it. And last question, sorry Don, and I think that’s 2.5 I asked. But the $16 billion average securities balances, and there’s a lot of excess liquidity back on the books at the end of the period, do you keep it at $16 billion? Or where would you like the securities portfolio?
Darren King: I think we’ve been pretty consistent in that range. That number dropped down probably to its lowest levels, for us in the last 12 months last summer, post Brexit. But generally, right around $16 billion, I think, is where we would look to maintain it. Obviously, we’ll adjust that depending on where we need to be for the LCR, but that’s probably pretty good range as our target area as you roll forward.
Brian Klock: All right. Thanks for your time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Burnell of Wells Fargo.
Matt Burnell: Good morning Darren and Don. Just, I guess, a single question in two parts, if I can, both on the margin. First of all, just in terms of the 6 to 8 basis points you would assume – or, sorry, 6 to 10 basis points that you would assume for a 25 basis point hike and your comments that a 25 basis point hike would be a little bit front end-loaded. If we think about that relative to the second quarter margin, it sounds like there’s only a couple of basis points maybe that we should be thinking about in terms of margin benefit from the March Fed hike. And then on the longer-term basis, you’ve got about, by my calculation, a little over a couple of billion dollars of debt that needs to be refinanced by the – by – just after the first quarter of next year, and I guess I’m curious what your thinking is in terms of how you might be able to refinance that at a lower cost and, therefore, further support the margin in late 2017 and into 2018.
Darren King: Sure. So when we look at the 6 to 10 guideline that we’ve given for 25 basis points, we definitely saw some of the March hike in the margin in the first quarter. But again, because it kind of came so late in the quarter, we didn’t see the full impact of that 6 to 10 in the quarter, so that’s why we think there’s some modest expansion still out there for the second quarter of 2017. When we look at the funding mix, you’ll note when we went through the discussion of the margin earlier on in the call and we talked about 4 basis points of the 26 being on the funding mix, we had some long-term funding that rolled off in the first quarter that, because of where the balance sheet was, we didn’t need to replace at that time. But as we go through the second quarter, we have some other maturities that we’ll be needing to fund in all likelihood during the second quarter. And depending on whether we go 5-year or 3-year, fixed or floating obviously will impact where the margin ends up in the second quarter. But it shouldn’t be a material impact given where it looks like spreads are right now compared to what we think is rolling off.
Matt Burnell: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Elliott of Autonomous.
Geoffrey Elliott: Hello. Thank you for taking the question. In the context of your remarks about credit being more of a downside risk at this point of – in the cycle, how does all the negative news flow we’re seeing on the retail sector stack up in that? Where would you kind of place that in terms of your ranking of potential risks on the credit side? And then related to that, I think you’ve got about $4 billion of CRE, which, in the 10-K, you note is retail and services-related. And I wondered if you could just give us a bit more granularity on what sort of exposures bleed into that and how it breaks down.
Darren King: Sure. So just on vehicle resale values, when we look at where the prices are coming in so far this year, they’re down a little bit, but when we look at our loan-to-value when we originate loans, particularly in the auto space, we tend to be fairly conservative as well as the customer base that we have in the indirect auto space also is very prime-oriented. I think our average FICO score there is above 700. In fact, I think it’s more like in the 730 range. So when we look at the vehicle prices, it’s certainly a risk out there, but given how big indirect is as a part of our balance sheet and then the type of customer base that we have, we don’t view that as a risk on the credit side, at least not when the – we see causing a lot of pain from a credit perspective. When you look in the commercial loan space and you look at retail, when we would consider, I guess, true retail like shopping malls and strip plazas and that kind of thing, we wouldn’t view it as $4 billion; we would view it as less, more like $1.5 billion. And it’s something that we’re paying attention to. When you look at retail, there’s certainly certain chains that are exposed. From our experience when we look at retail real estate, what we found is that the A properties, top-level malls, have been doing okay and those have been performing well. And now surprisingly, a lot of the strip malls, which should almost be considered the C plazas, tend to be performing okay. It’s the ones in the middle that seem to be struggling the most. And when we look from our book and what we have, we feel very comfortable with the exposure that we have there, because we tend to be in the A or C space. And as a percentage of our book, it tends to be a smaller percentage, almost like the auto. My comment about credit was more just a reminder that, where we are in the cycle, we’re at the low. And if there’s a bias in anything that’s likely to happen, there’s – it’s more likely that things will get worse. We’re hopeful that the economy and the GDP keeps growing and that the changes that have been expected come to fruition, but it’s our conservative nature to always be thinking more about where the downside can come from and managing that rather than counting on things to get better.
Geoffrey Elliott: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning. My one question is on balance sheet growth. Darren, how should we think about average earning asset growth in context of the low single-digit growth that you told us you expect loans to grow? And also, as we think about the rest of the year, what an appropriate cash earning asset percentage would be to assume.
Darren King: Erika, I guess the way to think about it is that we’re thinking low single digit in total earning assets, and that will be comprised of decreasing residential real estate assets in the range that we had talked about before. Obviously, that will move faster or slower, depending on where interest rates fall, particularly the 30-year. And we still anticipate low single-digit to mid-single digit growth in C&I and CRE as well as the other consumer loan categories. So that those – the combination of those four would end up with low single-digit total earning asset growth over the course of the year on an average basis.
Erika Najarian: Just the second part of the one question on the cash, cash as earning assets, is this $6 billion average unusually low? Or how should we think about the trajectory of that over time?
Darren King: That’s a great question and one of much debate even internally that when you look back over the course of the last 12 months, I think our high was $12 billion, and that was when we had slowed down some of the reinvestment of the securities book that was paying off in the low rate environment. And we happen to have some increases in mortgage escrow balances as well as very active trust demand customer base. I think that number, if you just look historically, does have the most volatility and therefore creates that volatility in the printed margin. If I was looking at a range, I don’t think 6 is a bad number. I would target 5 to 7, somewhere in there is probably a good starting point. But as we’ve seen in the past, that number can move around a little bit from month-to-month and quarter-to-quarter.
Erika Najarian: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Alexopoulos of JPMorgan.
Steven Alexopoulos: Good morning, Darren.
Darren King: Good morning.
Steven Alexopoulos: I wanted to follow up on the comments around C&I lending because you mentioned customers wanted to have more credit available but then not drawing on their lines. What are you hearing from your lenders in terms of why they’re staying on the sidelines here?
Darren King: Sure. So let me make sure I clarify the comment. Our pipeline of approved loans is approximately where it was in the first quarter of last year. So we haven’t seen the pipeline deteriorate materially, but we’ve seen people not following through to date and accepting those loans and moving forward. In general, when we talk to our RMs and talk to the customers, I think the general sentiment is one of optimism, but they’re in kind of a wait-and-see mode. And they’re just waiting, I think, for more certainty about which direction the administration is going to go and their ability to follow through on some of the promises around managing the costs of employees through things like the Affordable Care Act, but also some of the changes to minimum wage and overtime benefits from the FLSA. We are hearing things about fiscal policy and whether that will pull through and when, which I think it’s more a question of when and less a question of if. And it’s those kinds of things that tend to be on the minds of – the tax reform is another thing that’s on our customers’ minds. So it’s all the things that tend to be in the news. And the issue is – it isn’t that optimism has waned, maybe a little bit, but it’s more wait-and-see is kind of the feel that we get from our customers.
Steven Alexopoulos: And just a follow-up, could you give us a sense what was line utilization in C&I in the first quarter and how did that compare to last year? Thanks.
Darren King: Yes. Line utilization in the first quarter was just around 55%, slightly under. And when we look at where that is historically, it’s towards the higher end of what we’ve seen over the course of the last couple of years.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marty Mosby of Vining Sparks.
Marty Mosby: Thanks and with the theme of two questions in one, I wanted to ask you and focus on noninterest-bearing deposits because, sequentially, it’s up in an annualized pace of 20%, and from last year, it’s up 15%. So I was curious if this is traction you’re getting with the Hudson City market. They now roll out some of those products and services. And then the second part of this question is, have you looked at the excess balances? Because this represents a large part of your deposit base in relation as interest rates start to go up. What sensitivity might this balance have in the sense of the seeing some of those balances be redeployed? Thanks.
Darren King: So when we look at noninterest-bearing deposits and when we look at New Jersey in particular, we are seeing some growth there, but it’s very modest. Most of our growth in New Jersey on the start has been on the asset side rather than on the liabilities side. We are seeing some migration of those time deposits into nonmaturities, either money markets or NOW accounts predominantly. When we look at that – the NOW accounts and DDA, there’s a few things that are going on in there. So last year, we were able to increase those balances through the mortgage servicing business that we increased with our partner Bayview and Lakeview. And those balances will move around based on their business, but those are also priced closer to markets. So our ability to maintain those will be a function of the rate that we pay, and the rate that we're paying there is certainly competitive and higher than what we're paying in general. Within the DDA book, there's a sizable percentage that is commercial, and those commercial balances have been on the books since the crisis. And as our customers continue to manage their business, they're managing cash and holding it on the balance sheet. They haven't redeployed it yet. And as we mentioned before, we're watching that because, as you point out, those will be more rate sensitive. But it's always going to be in proportion or in relation to what alternative they have to use that money for. So some of it, we think, will turn to plant equipment at some point and some of it will go into higher-earning assets like the funds. And then the other part of those non-interest bearing deposits that can move around from time to time is what comes in through trust demand balances from our fiduciary business, our global capital markets business and customers doing debt offerings or M&A activity. So those are kind of the things that create some of the movement in those balances. It's definitely, to your point, something that we're paying a lot of attention to because those balances obviously affect our liquidity coverage ratio and will affect our need for funding, depending on what happens with asset growth. And if there's a place where margin can be impacted negatively, that's definitely a place that we're paying attention to.
Marty Mosby: What is the – if it's not coming from New Jersey, what’s the source of the commercial growth in your traditional markets? It seems late in the cycle to see some of those balances growing as quickly as we're seeing here.
Darren King: We've seen some of it in our New York City, Philadelphia, Tarrytown marketplace, what we would refer to as kind of our metro markets, is where we've seen some good balance growth. And then, obviously, we've seen it generally across the board. I think, across all markets, we were up about 8%, but those were standouts. I mean New Jersey was a large percentage growth. But as I kind of remind people, it's off a small base, so it's not really what's driving the overall balance growth. But it's generally across the board for those customers. And we also see it from some of our commercial real estate customers as well.
Marty Mosby: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Hey, thanks, good morning. Just a question on efficiency. Darren, I believe, last quarter, you talked about getting to the low end of 55% to 57% without additional hikes. And just granted that we got the March 1, just want to get your updated thoughts on the path of the efficiency ratio as you think about the full year and some of the balances of growth underneath that.
Darren King: We would continue to believe that the low end of that range is the right place to be thinking for the full year. Obviously, we got the rate hike in March. When we were looking in January, there was 2 hikes anticipated. So I guess we're up to 3. So we would be right in that range at this point, absent any other increases. But we've been very focused on making sure that expense growth stays contained and within the range that we had talked about, such that when we do get these increases in rates and we're able to grow our fee income that we should see the efficiency ratio at the bottom end of that range. And with any luck, it might dip a little bit below the bottom end, but that remains to be seen throughout the year. But I think that's good guidance.
Ken Usdin: And Darren, a follow-up. On that point, you mentioned, I think, just about – talking about a low growth rate in expenses this year. I know the first quarter a year ago only had 1 month of Hudson City. So can you help us think about like what the core expense base is really growing underneath that when we just think about fully phased-in Hudson City expenses?
Darren King: Just to remind you, last year's first quarter did have Hudson City in for the whole quarter. We closed in the fourth quarter of 2015, and it was the fourth quarter that had 1 month in. What we did have in the first quarter of last year were some merger-related expenses, some onetimes. I think the number's about $14 million that were in there. So if you look at where we were in the fourth quarter and you back out the seasonal compensation, that's roughly where we would expect to be in the second quarter. We might see a little bit of movement in professional services, but we wouldn't expect too much. But otherwise, the first quarter minus the seasonal comp ought to be the range for the upcoming quarters.
Ken Usdin: I misspoke. Thanks for correcting me, Darren.
Darren King: No problem.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. Good morning, Darren.
Darren King: Hi, Gerard, how you doing?
Gerard Cassidy: Good, thank you. The current legislation going through Congress, the so-called CHOICE Act 2.0, is talking about, obviously, changes to Dodd-Frank. And one of the changes they're proposing is to lift the SIFI designation to over $250 billion. Obviously, you guys were not following that camp. Assuming the SIFI designation is lifted up to a much higher level and you are not designated as a SIFI and the LCR goes with it, meaning you're not going to be held to an LCR ratio, how would that change the way you guys look at your balance sheet in terms of the cash you have to keep on it and some of the deposits that you're really focused on?
Darren King: Sure. So I guess when we look at the cash that's on the balance sheet, there's – we try to remind ourselves and everyone that there's really 3 components to the cash that's on our balance sheet. A bunch of it is related to the servicing business and those P&I payments and as they grow during the month, we invest that cash with the Fed because we have to remit those balances to the mortgage servicing or to the owner of the assets. When we also look in the cash balances, you see some of those trust demand balances, and again, those are short term in nature, so those sit at the Fed. And then there's the remaining, which is really for LCR purposes. And so to be that incremental piece that we would look to manage a little bit tighter, and I think we would look at the amount of securities that we then hold, back to that question. I think that the trick, Gerard, is, in the short term, obviously, we would be below that SIFI designation but with aspirations to move towards that $250 billion mark. So just like with the CCAR and the stress test and many of the parts of begging that have been added, you don't want to tear everything down to 0 as you're on your path to those asset thresholds to only have to start over again when you get there. So I think we would look to manage down the cash a little bit, manage down the securities portfolio, but I don't think we will go all the way back to where we were pre-crisis. I don't think that's a place where we can probably expect to run the bank again.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Peter Winter of Wedbush Securities.
Peter Winter: Good morning, thanks. Deposit pricing competition. I was wondering if you could just talk about it, what you're seeing in the New York market, and then competition on the commercial side versus retail for your deposits as well.
Darren King: Sure. So I guess when we look at where we've seen the most active pricing on the deposit side, it's been in the time deposit space, and it's been in kind of the 12-month time frame. When we look at the shorter end of the CD market, it's been reasonably competitive, and it tends to price a little bit above where non-maturity deposits are pricing, but the competition there hasn't been tremendous. And when you go further up the curve, in the 2-year to 5-year space, rates just haven't moved up far enough for customers to be willing to lock up their money for that time period. So you've seen most of the action in the 12-month space on the consumer side. The one thing that is a little bit different this time, I wouldn't call it a New York City phenomenon per se or a New York state phenomenon, but more what's going on with online. Lenders, the Allieds, the Capital One 136s of the world, the MXs. Of course, it tends to be the credit card-oriented banks that have the higher margins to pay, but that's where there's been a little bit more competition this time around compared to what we might have seen last time. And on commercial balances, depending on the size of the institution that you're dealing with, the bigger ones obviously are much more active at managing their excess cash and looking to get a return because they have treasures that are focused on those things. As you move down the spectrum, it's something that our customers worry about, but their choices have tended to be either in their DDA to offset fees or sweeping those balances into the funds. And again, the fund reform has changed that equation a little bit. I just think rates need to go a little bit higher before we start to see more movement there, because the alternative isn't worth the change so far. And the other thing that we haven't seen yet for us, and I don't think, talking to others in the industry, they've seen it as the impact of the repeal of Reg Q and the ability to pay interest on commercial deposits. That's something that's different from where we were pre-crisis and hasn't really played itself out yet. So I think there's a bunch of factors that are at play, particularly as it relates to commercial deposits, and we've got our eye on it, and we're looking through what alternatives we have to make sure we meet our customers' needs
Peter Winter: Great. And again, you're not seeing any differentiation in deposit competition in the New York City market versus other markets?
Darren King: Not that I can speak to. But our presence in Metro New York and Manhattan is relatively small, so in the grand scheme of where we have deposit pricing, it's not really impacting. And obviously, across the river in New Jersey, we've got just a whole different starting point there that we are towards the higher end, and we're bringing that down.
Peter Winter: Thanks, congratulations on a good quarter.
Darren King: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I'll now return the call to Don MacLeod for any additional or closing remarks.
Don MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, if any clarification of the items on the call or the news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department at 716-842-5138.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude the M&T Bank first quarter 2017 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-19 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing-by. And welcome to the M&T Bank Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Conference Call. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Don MacLeod, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Don MacLeod: Thank you, Laurie and good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's fourth quarter and full year 2016 earnings conference call both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website, www.mtb.com and by clicking on the Investor Relations link. Also, before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call may contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now I'd like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, Darren King.
Darren King: Thanks, Don, and good morning, everyone. As most of you have no doubt seen in this morning's earnings press release, M&T's results for the fourth quarter reflect a solid rebound in net interest income. Changes to the balance sheet which include the reinvestment of cash previously held at the Fed into investment securities over $1.2 billion of growth in average loans, success in repricing Hudson City, book of time deposits and a modest tailwind from interest rates all contributed to an $18 million increase in taxable equivalent net interest income. Expenses remained well controlled and credit continued to perform well versus our long term average. I’ll share some details on how each of these actions impacted us in a few moments. However, before we proceed, I’d like acknowledge the contributions of Patrick Hodgson a member of M&T’s Board of Directors who passed away suddenly over the holidays. Mr. Hodgson was one of our longest serving directors having joined the M&T Board in 1984. He helped to guide the growth of M&T from what was a local back in Buffalo to the $120 billion super regional bank that we are today. We will miss his counsel and his friendship. Now let’s turn to the numbers. Diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $1.98 for the fourth quarter of 2016 compared to $2.10 in the third quarter of 2016 and a $1.65 in the fourth quarter of 2015. Net income for the quarter was $331 million compared with $350 million in the linked quarter and up 22% from $271 million in the year-ago quarter. Include in the fourth quarter’s results was a $2 million gain from a sale of a CDO which represented the last such security we held which would require divestiture under the so called Volcker Rule. When combined with the $28 million of gains realized from a similar Volcker Rule related divestiture in the third quarter, total securities gains for the past two quarters were $30 million, which amounted to $18 million after tax effect or $0.12 per diluted common share. In the fourth quarter, we contributed a like amount $30 million to The M&T Charitable Foundation, which also equaled $18 million after tax effect and $0.12 per common share. There were no merger related expenses in either third or fourth quarter of 2016, however results for the fourth quarter of 2015 included merger related charges amounting to $61 million after tax effect or $0.40 per common share. Also included in GAAP results were after tax expenses from the amortization of intangible assets amounting to $6 million or $0.03 per common share in the recent quarter unchanged from the prior quarter. In system with our long term practice, M&T provides supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis from which we have only ever excluded the after tax effect of amortization of intangible assets as well as any gains or expenses associated with mergers and acquisitions. M&T’s net operating income for the fourth quarter which excludes intangible amortization and merger related expenses from the relevant periods was $336 million compared with $356 million in the linked quarter and $338 million in last year’s fourth quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $2.01 for the recent quarter compared with $2.13 in 2016’s third quarter and $2.09 in the fourth quarter of 2015. On a GAAP basis, M&T’s fourth quarter results produced an annualized rate of return on average assets of 1.05% and an annualized rate of return on average common equity of 8.13%. This compares with rates of 1.12% and 8.68% respectively in the previous quarter. Net operating income yielded annualized rates of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholder’s equity of 1.1% and 11.93% for the recent quarter. The comparable returns were 1.18% and 12.77% in the third quarter of 2016. In accordance with the SEC’s guidelines, this morning’s press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results including tangible assets and equity. Turing to the balance sheet and the income statement. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $883 million in the fourth quarter of 2016, up $18 million from the linked quarter. The net interest margin improved to 3.08%, up 3 basis points from 3.05% in the linked quarter. Average balances of funds placed on deposit with the Fed declined by nearly $900 million from the third quarter. Those funds were reinvested resulting in $1 billion higher level of average investment securities. We estimate that this exchange benefited the margin by approximately 2 basis points. The benefit to the margin from the Fed’s December action to raise the Fed funds target and the rate paid on excess reserves was about 2 basis points. This benefit was offset largely by core margin pressures. The net result was at the yield on loans was unchanged from the third quarter. We also saw the impact from an improved deposit mix as higher cost time deposits declined and were replaced by lower cost saving deposits and noninterest-bearing demand deposits. We estimate this added about 1 basis point to the margin. We’ll provide our outlook in a few moments, but I’ll note particularly that the benefit from the Fed’s rate action was only in play for a part of the quarter and we expect further benefit from a full quarter’s impact. Average loans increased by about 6% annualized or $1.2 billion compared to the linked quarter. Looking at the loans by category on an average basis compared with the linked quarter, commercial and industrial loans were up approximately 8% annualized led by the usual seasonal rebound in floorplan balances. Commercial real estate loans increased by about 20% annualized. This includes a higher than normal level of loans held for sale by our commercial mortgage banking group. Residential mortgage loans declined at a 16% annualized rate. Consumer loans grew an annualized 6% with growth in indirect loans including auto continuing to be offset by a decline in home equity lines of credit. Regionally, we’ve seen loan growth evenly spread across most of our footprint with the only out layers being greater New York City and New Jersey which have been consistently stronger all year. Average core customer deposits which exclude deposits received at M&T’s Cayman Islands office and CDs over $250,000 increased by $1 billion from the third quarter with higher levels of trust demand and savings deposits partially offset by a faster pace of runoff in time deposits. Turning to non-interest income. Non-interest income totaled $465 million in the fourth quarter compared with $491 million in the prior quarter. Excluding securities gains from both periods, non-interest revenues grew slightly from the linked quarter. Mortgage banking revenues were $99 million in the recent quarter compared with $104 million in the linked quarter. Residential mortgage loans originated for sale were $760 million in the recent quarter, down about 9% compared with the third quarter. Total residential mortgage banking revenues including origination and servicing activities were $63 million compared with $67 million in the prior quarter. Our commercial mortgage banking operation had another strong quarter, down only slightly from the record breaking volumes we saw in the third quarter’s results. Commercial banking revenues were $36 million compared with $37 million in the third quarter. Trust income was $122 million in the recent quarter compared with $119 million in the previous quarter. As I noted last time, on our last call, new business generation remains particularly strong on the institutional side of our business. Service charges on deposit accounts were $105 million compared with $108 in the third quarter. Turning to expenses, operating expenses for the fourth quarter which exclude merger-related expenses and the amortization of intangible assets were $760 million. Expenses were well controlled in the fourth quarter. The efficiency ratio which excludes intangible amortization and any merger-related expenses from the numerator and securities gains from the denominator was 56.4% in the recent quarter. The ratio was 55.9% in the previous quarter and 55.5% in 2015’s fourth quarter. Next, let's turn to credit. Our credit quality remains relatively stable. Nonaccrual loans increased by $83 million to $920 million at December 31st. And the ratio of nonaccrual loans to total loans was 1.01% compared with 0.93% at the end of the third quarter. Residential mortgage loans acquired with Hudson City accounted for approximately half of the increase, while one large commercial credit to an environmental remediation and disaster response company substantially accounted for the remainder of the increase. Net charge-offs for the fourth quarter were $49 million compared with $41 million in the third quarter. Reflected in the recent quarter’s charge-offs was $12 million associated with the commercial loan to a supplier to the metals industry. Recall that the third quarter’s results included a similarly large charge-off on a loan to a commercial maintenance company. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were 22 basis points for the fourth quarter. Just slightly an excess of what we’ve seen on average over the past two years. The provision for credit losses was $62 million in the recent quarter exceeded net charge-offs by $13 million reflecting overall loan growth as well as the continued shift to higher proportion of commercial loans to total loans as the Hudson City residential mortgage portfolio pays down. The allowance for credit losses was $989 million at the end of December. The ratio of the allowance to total loans was 1.09% unchanged from the end of the third quarter. Loans 90 days past due on which we continue to accrue interest excluding acquired loans that have been marked to fair value discount on acquisition were $301 million at the end of the recent quarter. Of these loans, $283 million or 94% are guaranteed by government related entities. Turning to capital. M&T’s common equity Tier 1 ratio under the current transitional Basel III capital rules was an estimated 10.96% compared with 10.78% at the end of the third quarter which reflects earnings retention during the fourth quarter as well as the impact of the net decline in end of period assets. M&T repurchased a modest amount of common stock during the quarter preferring to avoid the volatility in the market through the election and its aftermath. Next, I’d like to talk a moment to cover the key highlights of 2016’s full year results. GAAP based diluted earnings per common share were $7.78, up 8% from $7.18 in 2015. Net income was $1.32 billion improved from $1.08 billion in the prior year. These results produced returns on average assets and average common equity of 1.06% and 8.16% respectively. Net operating income which excludes intangible amortization and the merger related expenses was $1.36 billion improved from $1.16 billion in the prior year. Diluted net operating income per common share was $8.08, up 4% from $7.74 in 2015. Net operating income for 2016 expresses as a rate of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholder’s equity was 1.14% and 12.25% respectively. Now turning to the outlook. As we look forward into 2017, there is reason for optimism particularly with respect to the outlook for interest, interest rates, but also including further improvement in the economy and the potential for regulatory reform. However, we entered 2016 an optimistic frame of mind and we’re reminded that the market and the electric don’t always follow the expected script. But today based on what we know will offer our thoughts. Loans at the end of 2016 grew just under 4% from the end of the prior year. This reflected relatively strong 11.5% growth in our commercial loan portfolios and consumer loans partially offset by a 14% plan decline in residential mortgage loans, predominantly those acquired with Hudson City. For 2017 even how rates have moved, we are looking for similar net loan growth likely in the mid-single-digit range. We expect that will be driven by somewhat slower growth in commercial and consumer loans than we saw in 2016 combined with a slower pace of runoff in residential mortgage loans. As was the case at this time last year, our outlook for net interest margin is dependent on further actions by the Federal Reserve. A flat rate scenario should still lead to some expansion of the margin as the benefit from last month’s Fed action becomes fully embedded in the run rate offsetting core margin pressures. One or two further actions by the Fed in 2017 will potentially offer additional upside. That outlook excludes the potential impact from cash balances brought in through Wilmington Trust, which could have an impact on the reported margin but would have a marginal effect on revenue. The level of cash at the Fed was quite low at year-end and we would expect somewhat of a rebound looking forward. In any case we're looking for year-over-year growth in net interest income. The higher interest rate environment will likely challenge mortgage banking in 2017, specifically with respect to residential mortgage loan originations. As we've noted previously, we have the capacity and appetite for additional servicing or sub servicing business shouldn’t any opportunities present themselves, this could offer a potential offset to slow originations. The outlook for our other fee businesses remained stable with the growth in low to mid-single digit range. We expect low nominal growth in total operating expenses in 2017 compared to last year. We continue our focus on generating positive operating leverage for the year further rate actions by the Fed would likely make that go easier. I'll remind you that we expect our usual seasonal increase in salaries and benefits in the first quarter 2017 which primarily reflects annual equity incentive compensation as well as the handful of other items. Last year that increase was approximately $42 million. Our outlook for credit remains little changed. There are some modest pressures on non-performing and criticize loans, but our outlook for credit losses remains relatively stable. Net charge-offs amounted to just 18 basis points last year following 19 basis points in both 2014 and 2015, all of which were roughly half of our long term average of 36 basis points. But as we said on this call last year and the year before our conservatism won't let us count on being net figure in 2017. As to capital, we expect to work toward completion of our 2016 CCAR capital plan by the end of the CCAR fiscal year in June. Of course, as you're aware, our projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events, and other macroeconomic factors, which may differ materially from what actually unfold in the future. Now let's open up the call to questions, before which Laurie will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Frank Schiraldi of Sandler O'Neill.
Frank Schiraldi: Good morning.
Darren King: Good morning.
Frank Schiraldi: Darren, just a couple of questions, first I want to make sure, I think in the right way about the buyback going forward. So obviously you noted there was a pullback after the election, the volatility in the stock price. But it sounds like you're still indicating that you're expecting to get near or to what was authorized by or approved through CCAR, is that the case now that the stock kind of stabilized at these levels?
Darren King: That's right. When we saw the volatility that kind of gave us pause for the moment in many respects not dissimilar to how we thought about our securities repurchases post-Brexit where we kind of step to the side and waited for things to kind of normalize and stabilize, now that we've had a chance to see where things have shaken out. We feel good about where things are and plan to resume our distributions through 2016 and plan to distribute all of our allotment between now and the end of June.
Frank Schiraldi: Great. Okay. And then just secondly on the margin, I believe last quarter you’ve noted that a good expectation once the 25 basis points from December was fully flowed through the NIM was for six to 10 bps of expansion, is that still a reasonable assessment and would that be a reasonable assessment for another 25 basis points that we could get at some point during the year?
Darren King: So, on the first hike that happened, I think 6 to 10 is still a good target range for the full year. Also looking at the full year 2015 or 2016 sorry versus full year 2017, 6 to 10 is a good target probably towards the higher end of that range as we look based on what we've seen so far. It’s probably a good starting point for another increase obviously the biggest [Technical Difficulty]
Frank Schiraldi: [Technical Difficulty] $45 million of increase seasonality and we also take out the $30 million charitable contribution, is it fair to sort of all else equal expect expenses to be up $10 million to $15 million next quarter?
Darren King: I think that math works, yeah, in that range.
Frank Schiraldi: Got it, perfect. Last question about, just curious your comment on thoughts around acquisitions as a capital deployment tool sort of what the appetite is now here is for in Hudson City as you are and if it is something of interest where you would be interested?
Darren King: Acquisitions as you're well aware have always been an important component of our growth strategy combining acquisition with organic growth where we would like to be back in the game, but we've got to finish off our work to deal with our written agreement. When we think about the geographies and generally, we've been interested in things that are within our contiguous to where we do business. We think that those are the best places for us to be, because it leverages our brand and our management capacity that going far afield doesn't really is harder to execute. But you know the other question obviously is prices and where our prices are right now and multiples are known if you tend to look at when we've been more aggressive and, aggress is probably not the right word, but more active it’s when things have gotten little bit bad. So we're still in the best part of the credit cycle, but that is traditionally not been when we've been active, but we’re open to it. We're hoping to get back to it. We’ll just see whether 2017 is that year.
Frank Schiraldi: Okay, fair enough. You mentioned things that are in market are contiguous, is there any preference within the footprint there are upstate or the New York markets you've been added to or mid-Atlantic or elsewhere?
Darren King: We don't tend to think about that way. We tend to be more on the side and watching what's happening and you know we have an idea of which franchises we think are well run and would be good fits with us. And then from there we’re more opportunistic based on what kind of presents itself.
Frank Schiraldi: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Brian Klock of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Brian Klock: Hey, good morning, Darren and Don.
Darren King: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Klock: So, Darren on the NIM, I just want to follow-up with the few questions. So it doesn't look like there is any additional accretable yield that would've gone through the fourth quarter versus the third?
Darren King: Maybe a small amount that came in, but nothing that would materially drive the NIM…
Brian Klock: Okay and then on the….
Darren King: …towards the end of that.
Brian Klock: So is there any sort of headwind going into 2017 with your guidance for NII from this lower accretable yield that is not material enough to impact the numbers.
Darren King: I don't think is material enough to impact the numbers compared to the guidance that we gave and where the NIM will be and we've taken all that stuff into account.
Brian Klock: Okay, and then so on deposit side, so you mentioned some of the benefit coming through on line more and you can see that on the C&I yields that there are up three basis points, but on the time deposit side for a basis point reduction in costs there is so, is there any more benefit coming from the repricing on the Hudson City time deposits?
Darren King: We think there's still some juice left there. It's interesting when you look at our numbers which I'm sure you have from second quarter to third quarter there wasn't much of an impact and it took you know a quarter’s worth of work to make that change happen and start to see it in the reflect itself in the numbers. We think there's still some movement there. The repricing continues and the turn of that book continues. I guess I would expect another quarter similar perhaps to what we saw in between Q3 and Q4 repeat itself between Q4 and Q1 then we should start to slow down because a lot of that book is also going into shorter rate structures.
Brian Klock: Gotcha. So if we think about the 6 to 10 guidance of getting the benefit into the first quarter from the - 2017 from the benefit of the December hike that would be justified hikes and not that the potential benefit you could see from this time deposit repricing?
Darren King: When we run our numbers, when we do our treasury forecast, and we look at what we think will happen and enough rate scenario, we've got all of those other things baked into that cake. So you know when I look at that our margin for the full year for 2017 and I look at where it - where we think it will show up compared to 2016, we think that 6 to 10 on average for the year is probably a good range. And again based on some of these changes that we've made business to the amount of cash as well as the deposit pricing, we think the higher end to that range makes some sense. And that's assuming no other rate increases when you talk about that.
Brian Klock: Gotcha.
Darren King: It probably starts out higher in the first quarter. Probably we expect it will start out higher in the first quarter, and then absent any other rate increases, there's still some of that core margin compression as the longer dated securities and loans run off that we're carrying a higher margin, there's still a little bit of margin compression baked in, and you'd see some modest compression from their throughout the year which you get you down to that average range that we talked about.
Brian Klock: Okay, very helpful. Thanks for your time.
Darren King: No problem.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Hey on the loan front, you had talked about and in fact realize it's an excellent amount of pure re-growth, and I'm wondering if you can talk through where are you seeing that some other peers have talk about a little bit of pullback you guys are very strong in the business and you are seem to be accelerating. Where you seeing the best opportunities and what's your execution to that type of growth can continue?
Darren King: Ken, good question. If you look at our CRE book and where the growth is coming from there's a couple of things. So one I’ll remind you we made a - we commented that our commercial mortgage banking division that is more an origination in servicing business had some higher balances and help for sale at the end of the year which elevated that number a little bit. So we've got a bit of factor down the growth rate linked quarter to account for that. And then when you look at where our growth is coming from in CRE in the third quarter - sorry in the fourth quarter, we saw most of our growth come from non-construction was more traditional CRE. However our construction balances grew in the fourth quarter from projects that we had agreed to finance earlier in the year and obviously as those projects come online and things happen then the balances grow and that's what's driving the growth in construction. When we look at where it is, it's on a percentage basis, it's just proportionately New York City and New Jersey, New Jersey obviously because we're building our franchise there, so it's off a low base and then in New York City because it tends to be bigger projects. When we look at the types of projects that we're doing there, it's ones with customers that we've had a long relationship with, ones where they have lots of equity in the deal where the loan to values are very, very strong. So we feel pretty good about it. We're not seeing as much in the retail space or the office space built on there, but kind of the places where we’re seeing our growth and the types, structures that we're seeing. So we’ve been changed our credit philosophy, it's still the same, I mean it’s generally we're dealing with customers that we have a long relationship with.
Ken Usdin: Okay, and a broader question just on your mid-single-digit net outlook for loans and you kind of give us a little bit of the color that you'd expect a little slowing on the runoff part. So just wondering if you can kind of parse that apart because if you think about that I would imply still getting run off you’re expecting still more than mid-single on the commercial side, and so do you expect more that to come from the C&I side then if you're slowing here, do you expect to slower rate of growth on CRE or is it actually a lot of slowdown in the mortgage runoff?
Darren King: It's probably both. We're expecting a pretty decent slowdown in the mortgage runoff based on where the - how the curve has moved since the election. And when we think about commercial balances, in general we expect them to both slowdown probably slightly bigger slowdown in CRE then C&I in a better balance than that what we might had in 2016 but just given where our knowledge bases and where our customers are, we think that CRE probably just slightly above C&I in 2017.
Ken Usdin: Okay, thanks Darren.
Darren King: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Elliott of Autonomous Research.
Geoffrey Elliott: Good morning. Thank you for taking the question. Another one on loan growth, I guess you talked quite bit about CRE bit of be interested in C&I as well. And then any broader observations, it just feels like most banks if you look at the industry days there or if you look at banks which have reported have had quite slow loan growth in the fourth quarter and you've been a real exception so and particularly if you strip out the Hudson City portfolio. Why do you think that is, what do you think you are doing differently or is different about your portfolio that’s allowing you to grow when other banks are growing much more slowly?
Darren King: I guess when I look at what we think is happening with other banks loan growth, clearly on the CRE side, we've got a relatively unique approach to how we operate in that space and our philosophy there has been to follow our customers, and people we've done business with for a long time and they move in and out of the market and we move with them and they've been active. And the C&I side, our philosophy isn't much different and that we've always been a relationship based bank and that we try and help our customers grow. When we look at across the geographies, when I look at C&I growth by region, we don't have any one region that's a particular standout in terms of where the growth is coming from. Again you might see from a percentage basis, a little disproportionate growth in New Jersey, but it's off that small base not really any particular industry when I look at and just got through there and get - if I can get the number when I look at where we think that are growth rates were versus the other guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of John Fox with Fenimore Asset Management.
John Fox: Hi, good morning, everyone. I’ve got two questions. First Darren, is there are other opportunities to buy additional securities that you feel like you are through that process of deploying cash?
Darren King: We feel like the place where we are now is where we've got the securities book that we anticipate that whatever cash should had come off earlier in the year that slowed down on reinvesting we've put back to work now and then we would look to kind of maintain whatever comes off, we would reinvest it, but not to do any more.
John Fox: Okay great. And then go back to the buyback. Given the large increase in the stock price over the last couple months just how do you guys thought about that in terms of the price you're paying and the capital ratios and just how you thought about the buyback with the higher stock price? Thank you.
Darren King: So the buyback as we mentioned before when we looked at, when we saw the volatility in the market post-election and things were going, there was lots of daily movements and large movements which is very uncharacteristic for a bank stocks. We just wanted to step aside and watch what was happening and see what we think was being reflected in the pricing and how our stock was moving vis-à-vis other peers and how we were performing versus the S&P 500. And when we look at where we are now things have stabilized and settled down and now we trade versus our peers. We think we understand where the value is and what the valuation is and we feel comfortable that it makes sense to be back in the market and returning that excess capital to our shareholders.
John Fox: Okay, thank you.
Darren King: Just before we go on just to come back to the question Ken, I feel like we finish the answer on C&I and CRE. When we look at our C&I growth overtime, we tend to be a little bit higher than the market when things slow down a little bit lower than the market when things get busy. And if we look over 2014 and 2015 our growth rate C&I was actually half of what the market was and in 2016 we were a couple percentage points higher than the market, but not anywhere near our overall highs. So much like our earnings and our credit originations also don't tend to exhibit a lot of volatility, but relative consistency and again what drives that is that our focus is always on supporting the growth of our customers and following them and that's what kind of gets you some of that consistency through time and you don't have big peaks and valleys in your originations. I guess if you look over long periods of time that's kind of what we see and that's how we would respond to what's going on in the C&I space. CRE is not dissimilar, but it does tend to have a little more volatility in it just I think because of the size of the deals that get done that you can have big movements up or down.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of David Eads of UBS.
David Eads: Hi good morning. Maybe kind of touching on the loan growth point, do you have any comments on kind of how the conversations with clients have gone and your optimism about back half of the year and what and you could be there. And I guess particularly in expanding to New Jersey, do you feel like you're better position for that or is it just kind of similarly positioned to capitalize on any kind of uptick in demand?
Darren King: So I guess a little - I'll start with the question about optimism. So we survey our customers a couple times a year. And we actually had our fourth quarter customer survey going on during the election, and what's fascinating is we could look at the customers that had responded before the election results and those after. And in our own customer base the optimism jumps by six to 10 points after the election versus before the election. And when we would ask our customers what was their biggest issue or hold back in investing it was business regulation, employee benefits, and access to people meaning qualified labor to grow their business. So those would be the things that were kind of on the minds of our customers when thinking about expansion and looking for lending it's not really been about access to capital or pricing. When we look at New Jersey in particular we feel like we're in a good spot because we've been building out our own population in New Jersey and over the last couple years they've had the opportunity to put deals through our credit shop and start to understand our credit appetite how we price deals, how we structure deals, and just how we think about customer relationships. And I think that that philosophy and that culture starting to take hold there, and we can see it in the pipeline and we can see it in the type of deals that we're doing. So we feel like we're ready to respond to that marketplace and ready to do business.
David Eads: Great. And then may be if you could touch on credit just a little bit, you’ve had a little bit of lumpiness on the commercial side both in 3Q and 4Q here. I mean just this is kind of typical lumpiness just with credit not being all getting better or is there something you know should we expect more of this lumpiness to continue?
Darren King: Well I guess commercial by definition is going to be lumpy. I think the fact that we're at the very best time in the credit cycle, and the non-accrual portfolio in the charge offs are still low that anyone deal going bad is disproportionately affects that number in the growth rate. So there's always going to be some lumpiness as we come off the lows in terms of charge offs anyone deal is going to exacerbate that number. But overall when we look at the quality of portfolio, we look at delinquency rates, we look at where there are none of rules are? There is nothing that is giving us pause for concern when we're looking through the book.
David Eads: All right, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe of Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe: Great, thanks. Good morning. I’m just following on the credit side a little bit. So provision higher this quarter totally makes sense to saw the $12 million commercial lumpiness did you just pointed out. But you also made a comment there that said that provision was higher just as you sort of remix the portfolio more towards commercial version in less on the resi side. So I guess when we think out towards 2017 does provision remain at kind of these higher levels versus what we saw say during 2016 even if charge offs remain serving that whatever the high teens low-20s basis points? Thanks.
Darren King: Sure. So I think from a provision perspective charge-offs will follow along based on non-accruals and delinquencies and obviously many of those will turn in charge-offs, but we don't see the meaningful acceleration in the rate of charge-offs, when we look at where the charge-off rate has been for last three years it's been relatively stable in that 18 basis points, 19 basis point range, but we know the long term average is higher than that, it's double that almost. So given where we are in the cycle it's got to start to move up a little bit. And the access provisioning side it's going to be a functional loan growth, and given the long growth that we had in 2016 compared to 2015 and how skewed it was towards commercial balances that's what's going to that's what drove that excess provision on the overall. When we think about 2017 we think that the growth rate in some of those portfolios slows down a little bit, which means that that excess provision should slow down a little bit as well and then the only question is what happens with charge-offs as the year goes on.
Ken Zerbe: Gotcha. So I want to read too much into of a maybe I'm making too bigger deal over the portfolio mix from commercial versus resi, I mean I get it growth in line with longer and totally makes sense. But it's a far bigger driver than the mix between the two?
Darren King: In the near term mix that that's the bigger driver, yeah.
Ken Zerbe: All right. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Ricky Dodds: Hey guys. It's actually Ricky Dodds from Matt’s team, just wanted to ask a quick question on the tax rate. It came in a little bit lower than previous quarters and trying to see provide some color there and then perhaps if you can provide an outlook for the tax rate 2017?
Darren King: Sure. So the tax rate of fourth quarter was really a function of a lot of our employees exercising stock options that we’re going to come do in this month and next year. I think a lot of people saw the run up in the stock and better take advantage of it, and we had an abnormal high level of selling, which led to its called as a disqualify disposition which the bank gets a tax benefit from that that was worth about 1% from the fourth quarter unless that continues we would anticipate the tax rate goes back to what we've seen through time in the first quarter and throughout 2017.
Don MacLeod: Just to clarify that's 1% on the tax rate.
Darren King: Thanks Don.
Ricky Dodds: And then maybe a quick follow up to that question on corporate tax rates in general and the potential cuts. Can you guys talk a little bit about what would be sort of the net impact to M&T if we did see a change to the corporate tax rate?
Darren King: So I guess that depends on what the changes, but based on the work we've done when we look at any change in tax rates, we think that whatever the changes the vast majority of it not all of it, but the vast majority of it would fall to the bottom line.
Ricky Dodds: Got it, thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the John Pancari of Evercore.
John Pancari: Good morning. I want to just go back to the margin quickly, want to see what you're seeing in terms of a deposit data at this point from the coming off the December hike and then what you would - where you would expect that data to the trend for the incremental hikes that you could see this year? Thanks guys.
Darren King: So far the deposit base as we've seen are very low sub 10% or even sub 5% when we look very similar to what we saw based on the rate hike that happened at the end of 2015. As we go forward we expect that those rates are going to start to move up, but how quickly they move up. We think is a function of the pace of the movements by the Fed. So if the Fed makes one more move this year that's in the middle of the year, we think the data will still be fairly low compared to historical averages if the pace of rate increases by the Fed accelerates. We would expect to see those data start to move up.
John Pancari: Okay, all right, got it. And then separately on the expense side, just looking at operating efficiency and you're in that 56 to 57 range now maybe 56.5 I guess for the full year 2016. Can you just all things considered give us an idea of where you think that could fall out for full year 2017 and if you could see incremental improvement from where we’re right now? Thanks.
Darren King: Sure. I think if you look at our efficiency ratio and you actually look at it over the course of the last few years, it's been within a pretty tight range 55 to 57. You know when we think about the efficiency ratio we think about it as an output as opposed to a number that we per se try to target. We want to run each of our businesses as efficiently and as profitably as we can, and depending on that mix of business the efficiency rate and efficiency ratio can move up and down. So as we grow our mortgage servicing business or our wealth business those tend to be higher efficiency ratio businesses, but higher return on equity businesses as well. So depending on the mix change also converting a thrift to a commercial bank, commercial banks running at higher efficiency ratio than thrifts, so those are some of things that will pressure that number up. We think we've help to improve or get some control on the expenses which should help it from going further up and then depending on what happens with rate increases. Rates will give us relief on the other side. So long winded way of saying I think we're in the range that we've been in we should be within that range through 2017 and I would expect to be towards the lower end of it.
John Pancari: Lower end of the 55 to 57?
Darren King: Yeah.
John Pancari: Okay, got it. All right thank you. That’s it from me.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Burnell of Wells Fargo.
Matt Burnell: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just one I guess follow up. On the capital side I understand your reasoning on the on the buybacks, but it look like you had an increase in AOCI this quarter from the third quarter close to $200 million which seems a little counterintuitive given the rise in rates. So can you give a little color as to what's going on there?
Darren King: Yeah that’s basically the mark-to-market on the mortgage backed securities that are in the securities portfolio with the change in interest rates.
Matt Burnell: Okay, okay. And then you mentioned your outlook for sort of flattish fees outside of the mortgage businesses, but I guess I'm just curious in terms of if we do get a greater increase there a phase of increase in interest rates, and then maybe just the one that we're all expecting in the middle of the year. Does that benefit the brokerage services? Does that benefit that the trust fee sorry in terms of the potential revenue growth there?
Darren King: Maybe slightly, but nothing that were not enough it would materially change our forecast on growth. I think there's some upside left of very, very small in waivers on some of the funds we should see most of that. We saw most of that with the first like we should see a little bit this year, but nothing that will materially change the growth trajectory. We do have some of those businesses and associated with Wilmington Trust where we might get paid if you will and balances compared to fees and if rates go up people would not choose to hold those balances with us. They would tend to pay us with fees and part the balances somewhere else, so that would be something that would help move those - move the fee income up. But will it change the rate materially the 25 basis points change that growth rate materially. We don't expect that to happen.
Matt Burnell: Thanks very much, Darren.
Darren King: No problem.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line on Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. Good morning, Darren.
Darren King: Good morning, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Question for you over the years M&T has done a very good job of managing their capital obviously post the crisis things have changed, but in this most recent quarter you reported that you CET1 ratio is now 10.96%. Can you share with us what you think the ideal rate should be for M&T, and time that into push the very like strong likelihood that banks under $250 billion in assets in the upcoming CCAR are going to be relieved of the qualitative portion of the test which may enable you and your peers to even ask for more return of capital, I know you've been very good at doing that, but possibly even lifting it higher than levels achieved last year for you folks?
Darren King: Sure. So we did see an uptick in our CET1 ratio in the fourth quarter as we slow down the buyout it just served for me as a powerful reminder of our ability to generate capital as a bank and to move those numbers and it shows you how much we need to give back just to keep that number relatively flat. If we look at our CET1 ratio when we do our work obviously we think we're carrying excess. Let me look at where that ratio is compared to our peer group or at the top end of that, I think from some of the work that we've done and shared at some of the conferences that range tends to go from 9.5% up to the high 10s and low-11s who sits in those buckets tends to vary a little bit from time to time, but the top and the bottom doesn't change that much. And as we've said before we would think based on our credit profile and our losses through that we should be operating at the bottom end of that range. And it would be our objective to continue to do our work on CCAR to continue to do our work on CCAR to show the regulators that we can comfortably operate at that range and we continue to push it down. As far as the impact of the qualitative fail being off the table, and I think we're still trying to figure out what exactly that means, there will still be supervisory reviews that will happen as part of the regular examination process. So there will still be looks into our process doesn't mean that you couldn't have a problem from your process it just would be public as the quality fails are. But we're happy that it's off the table, and we think it will start to move the industry towards pushing those levels down and we would look to do the same.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then as a follow up, obviously the Hudson deal closes at the end of 2015 you consolidated that of course into existing M&T is existing M&T footprint. As you look forward over the next 12 months maybe 18 months, is there any plans for branch rationalization that’s firstly with the increased use of digital - in the digital channel for delivering retail products should we see maybe net basis more branch closures over the next 12 months or so?
Darren King: I think that's a reasonable expectation. One of the things that has happened actually over the last five years as we've been steady consolidators of branches, we just haven't ever had a big program that we've announced with that it's just part of how we run the bank to manage to our to be as efficient as possible. If you look back over time from when we did our Provident acquisition our Wilmington Trust and then ultimately you'll start to see it with Hudson City that the rate of branch decrease versus what we acquired, we've been steadily pruning the network and we look at it on an annual basis we look at which of our branches are most coveted by our customers, as an industry we're lucky they vote every day with their feet, and we're able to see based on their transaction behavior, which ones are most important, and we're always looking at which locations people are using for sales and service and for ones that are becoming less relevant, we're not shy about closing them. So a little bit of a long winded answer, but it's part of our D&A and part of how we've always run the bank and you know as these behaviors of our customers change we're addressing our network at the same time.
Don MacLeod: I can just bring the couple of numbers behind that. Immediately after the Wilmington deal we peaked at 781 full service branches. And in the last quarter before the Hudson deal we were at 684. So down just over about 100 over a four year time frame and then obviously Hudson brought it back to back up with another 135.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. Thank you Don, and thank Darren as well. Thank you.
Darren King: No problem.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Winter of Wedbush Securities.
Peter Winter: Good morning. I was just wondering, can you talk about the new account prove that you are seeing this quarter, again what the disruption in the markets from the acquisitions?
Darren King: Sure. When I look at the account growth we had in the fourth quarter was still very strong compared to what we saw in the fourth quarter of last year, but tailed off compared to what we saw in the third quarter. When I look at the third quarter account growth, my focus just on Western New York or upstate New York rather, our account opening doubled in the third quarter compared to what they were in the second quarter and then they came back down not all the way down to the second quarter but just slightly above it in Q4. So what tends to happen when there is a changeover and your market places when the branches change signs and when the customers get new statements and get new systems that they have to deal with that’s what pushes people over the hedge and that’s when you see the most activity in the market place. That’s why when we talked over the quarters about our investment we made in marketing in our geographies in those time periods that’s why we did it. Then - and we saw - we saw the results that we expected. And - but we’ve seen things slow down a little bit from those highs in the third quarter which we also expected. But four quarter is traditionally a slower account opening quarter. Note the time between Thanksgiving and New Year is usually a time when people are thinking about things other than banking but there is still some and when we look at how our fourth quarter numbers were, they were up over to fourth quarter last year, so we are pleased with that.
Peter Winter: Okay. And then - thank you. And just a quick follow-up. What left with satisfying the written agreement and do you think it would get satisfied this year?
Darren King: So the thing that we’re finalizing is something it’s called low risk customer remediation. So when you look at the risking the severe portfolio of customers, you categorize them into high medium and low based on a number of factors and then you are looking to capture additional information from those customers to confirm that they are in fact as risky as you believed. We are anticipating completing those activities end of the first quarter early second quarter of this year and those would be the last parts to satisfy all the components of the written agreement. And of course once you’ve done that then you need to have your internal audit review that and then your regulators can come in and determine whether or not you’ve satisfied all the requirements and on and ask us for more information or to do anything else. We’ve been getting feedback all the way along on how we’ve been doing in satisfying the terms of that agreement. Everything’s been going great. We think we’re well on track on that but the timing of - the timing of when we expected to finish our work is fairly certain. The timing on when we might get an opinion on whether we’ve actually satisfied or not to from the regulator’s perspective, the timing on that’s a little bit less server.
Peter Winter: Okay. But you think the compliance costs are first quarter would then, would be the peak?
Darren King: They probably as it relates to the agreement peaked probably ‘15 maybe even late ‘14 you know that these activities are now baked into our BAU. And that the real big cost that we incurred as a result of the agreement was kind of the onetime setup cost to build our risk ranking model to build some of the infrastructure that we needed to support these activities. We would have seen most of that stuff in 2014-2015 and that’s really not been there as much in 2016 and 2017. This is now part of life you know looking at this customer information and refreshing it and updating it is now just part of what we do on our go-forward basis and we’ll be doing every year. So it’s not material.
Peter Winter: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Chris Spahr of CLSA.
Chris Spahr: Thank you. I was just wondering about your philosophy on charitable giving and what the incentive was at this quarter, was it strictly just linked to the gain on sale in the prior quarter?
Darren King: Pretty much that’s what it is. I mean we obviously - we have a charitable foundation that we fund regularly. We were very philanthropic in our communities across all of our geographies and we look to fund that generally if we get what we consider win fall profit we all try to share that with the communities in which we do business.
Chris Spahr: And one final question, regarding long term debt, what is your view on long term debt as a percent of total funding and have we seen the kind of return over the portfolio to date or is there some more work to be done to the less where the cost of funds there?
Darren King: Well there is probably some turnover that’s going to come in 2017 because we have some funding that’s going to come due and we’ll be doing some issuing there. What we’re finalizing is when we will do it and how much we will do and what the structure will be you know exploding to manage the total cost of funds and we’re also looking at what the mix of funding is on the balance sheet depending on how things go with deposit, volume, with the rate changes that are happening. So we expect to see some turnover in the portfolio in 2017 though we got a replace things are coming due and we expect that will be largely doing that and not much more.
Chris Spahr: Thank you.
Operator: Gentlemen, are there any closing remarks?
Darren King: Again, thank you everyone for participating today. And as always if there are clarifications of any of the items on the call or news release is necessary, please reach out to our Investor Relations department at 716-842-5138. Thank you and good bye.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-19 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the M&T Bank Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Don MacLeod, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Don MacLeod: Thank you, Maria and good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's third quarter 2016 earnings conference call both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website, www.mtb.com and by clicking on the investor relations link. Also, before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages but participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found in forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now I'd like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, Darren King.
Darren King: Thank you, Don and good morning, everyone. As most of you have no doubt seen in this morning's press release, M&T's results for the third quarter reflect the initiatives we have underway to position the Bank for future success. The merger with Hudson City Bancorp was completed almost a year ago and the ongoing process of converting a thrift to a commercial bank continues. During the quarter we continued to build out the New Jersey consumer bank, both by growing new households as well as taking steps to reprice the acquired deposit base. For the New Jersey commercial bank, loan balances for the year to date have grown at an annualized rate of over 20%, led by loans to small- and medium-sized enterprises. We're pleased to see that our community-focused approach to banking is starting to take root in the New Jersey marketplace. Customer migration arising from the multiple mergers and acquisitions that have occurred within our footprint also continues. We have been advertising and offering incentives to bring in new customers impacted by some of those changes in our markets. Customer growth in the third quarter was the highest we've seen in the past 8 quarters. We've also continued our program of investments in operational infrastructure and technology. As we previously signaled, the enhanced mtb.com website went live during the quarter. Other highlights for the quarter include an upgrade to our ATM network to handle EMV chip-equipped cards and adding a feature to our payment services capability that enables our customers to send and receive same-day ACH transactions. The upgrade to our consumer mobile app is in final testing and we expect it to go live later this quarter. And finally, we took some actions to get ahead of the pending implementation of the so-called Volcker Rule contained within the Dodd-Frank Act by divesting some securities disallowed by the rule. I'll share some more details on each of these actions and how they impacted us in a few minutes. However, before we proceed, I'd like to take a moment to acknowledge the recent passing of Richard King, a member of M&T's Board of Directors. Mr. King joined M&T's Board in 2000, following our acquisition of Pennsylvania-based Keystone Financial. We valued his extensive experience in business and his deep ties to the communities in Pennsylvania. We'll miss his counsel and his friendship. Now let's turn to the numbers. Diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $2.10 for the third quarter of 2016, improved from $1.98 in the second quarter of 2016 and $1.93 in last year's third quarter. Net income for the quarter was $350 million, up 4% from $336 million in the linked quarter and up 25% from $280 million in the year-ago quarter. Included in GAAP results were after-tax expenses from the amortization of intangible assets amounting to $6 million or $0.03 per common share in the recent quarter compared with $7 million and $0.04 per common share in the second quarter. There were no merger-related expenses in the third quarter results. However, results for the second quarter included merger-related expenses amounting to $8 million after-tax effect or $0.05 per common share. Consistent with our long term practice, M&T provides supplemental reporting on its results on a net operating or tangible basis, from which we have only ever excluded the after-tax effect of the amortization of intangible assets as well as any gains or expenses associated with mergers and acquisitions. M&T's net operating income for the third quarter which excludes intangible amortization and merger-related expenses from the relevant periods, was $356 million compared with $351 million in the linked quarter and $283 million in last year's third quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $2.13 in the recent quarter, improved from $2.07 in this year's second quarter and $1.95 in the year-ago quarter. On a GAAP basis, M&T's third quarter results produced an annualized rate of return on average assets of 1.12% and an annualized rate of return on average common equity of 8.68%. This compares to 1.09% and 8.38%, respectively, in the previous quarter. Net operating income yielded annualized rate of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders' equity of 1.18% and 12.77% in the recent quarter. The comparable returns were 1.18% and 12.68% in the second quarter of 2016. In accordance with the SEC's guidelines, this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results, including tangible assets and equity. Included in both GAAP and net operating results were $28 million of net pretax securities gains. This equates to $17 million after-tax effect or $0.11 per common share. The gains pertain to a variety of TruPS CEOs that M&T obtained during our acquisition of other banks over the past number of years, primarily through the merger with Provident Bankshares in 2009. All were marked to fair value through acquisition accounting and under section 619 of the Dodd-Frank act, commonly known as the Volcker Rule, divestiture of most of these securities would otherwise have been required prior to July 21, 2017. Turning to the balance sheet and income statement, taxable equivalent net interest income was $865 million in the third quarter of 2016, down $5 million from the linked quarter. The net interest margin declined to 3.05%, down 8 basis points from 3.13% in the linked quarter. During the quarter, we had another increase in average trust deposits which we placed at the Fed. Average interest-bearing deposits with banks were $9.7 billion during the past quarter compared to $8.7 billion in the second quarter. Those deposits are modestly additive to net interest income, but we estimate a diluted net interest margin by approximately 2 basis points during the quarter. Also, with the acquisition of the Hudson City mortgage loans, we have a higher proportion of assets with the 30 over 360 day pricing basis on our balance sheet than we had previously. That has the impact of diminishing the reported margin in a 92-day quarter, such as the one that just ended. We estimate the impact on the margin was about 2 basis points. Several other items included in net interest income, including prepayment fees and interest on nonaccrual loans which individually aren't large, in the aggregate reduced the margin by approximately 1 basis point. What we would consider to be core margin pressure accounted for about 3 basis points of the decline. As we discussed earlier in the third quarter, we began to take action to reprice the Hudson City deposit base to be more in line with the market and we began those efforts in mid-August. This benefits the margin immediately but will take another few quarters for the full impact to be realized as time deposits reach their stated maturity. Average loans increased by about 3% on an annualized basis or $577 million compared to the linked quarter. Looking at the loans by category on an average basis compared with the linked quarter, commercial and industrial loans were roughly flat, with the usual seasonal decline in auto floorplan loans offset by about 4% annualized growth in other C&I loans. Commercial real estate loans increased by about $1.1 billion or 15% annualized. Residential mortgage loans declined at a 13% annualized rate. And consumer loans grew at an annualized 8%, with growth in indirect loans, including indirect auto loans, being offset by a decline in homes equity lines of credit. Regionally, we've seen the highest growth rate in commercial loans in New Jersey, coming off what is admittedly a low base. Growth in the adjacent New York City/Tarrytown/Philadelphia markets continues to be strong as well. Only Pennsylvania stood out as having a below-average growth this quarter. Average core consumer deposits which exclude deposits received at M&T's Cayman Islands office and CDs over $250,000, increased at an annualized rate of 8% from the second quarter, reflecting higher levels of trust and savings deposits, partially offset by lower levels of time deposits. Turning to noninterest income, noninterest income totaled $491 million in the third quarter, up from $448 million in the prior quarter. Excluding securities gains from both periods, noninterest revenues grew 3% from the linked quarter. Mortgage banking revenues were $104 million in the recent quarter, $14 million higher than in the linked quarter. Total residential banking revenues, including origination and servicing activities, were $67 million compared with $65 million in the prior quarter. Residential mortgage loans originated for sale were $836 million in the quarter, down about 3% compared to the second quarter, but with a higher gain-on-sale margin. Our commercial mortgage banking operation had another strong quarter. Commercial mortgage banking revenues were $37 million compared with $24 million in the second quarter, reflecting strong origination activity. Trust income was $119 million in the recent quarter compared to $120 million in the previous quarter. Recall that in the second quarter's results, included were $3 million of seasonal tax preparation fees that did not recur in the third quarter. New business generation remains particularly strong on the institutional side of our business. Service charges on deposit accounts were $108 million, improved from $104 million in the second quarter, reflecting seasonal strength as well as the benefit from new customers. Turning to expenses, operating expenses for the third quarter which exclude merger-related expenses and the amortization of intangible assets, were $743 million compared with $726 million in the prior quarter. The FDIC assessment increased by $6 million to $28 million as the assessment surcharge on banks over $10 billion in size came into effect. Other costs of operations increased by $10 million on an operating basis compared to the second quarter. That increase reflects higher advertising expenses to capitalize on the competitive changes occurring within our markets as well as higher professional services which include legal. The efficiency ratio which excludes intangible amortization and any merger-related expenses from the numerator and securities gains from the denominator, was 55.9% in the recent quarter compared to 55.1% in the previous quarter. The comparable figure was 57.1% in last year's third quarter. Next, let's turn to credit. Our credit quality remained stable, with continued low levels of nonaccrual loans and net charge-offs. Nonaccrual loans declined by $11 million to $837 million at September 30 and the ratio of nonaccrual loans to total loans was 93 basis points, improved from 96 basis points at the end of the second quarter. Net charge-offs for the third quarter were $41 million compared to $24 million in the second quarter. Reflected in the recent quarter's charge-offs was $12 million associated with a commercial loan to a commercial maintenance services provider. Recall that the second quarter's results included a sizable $7 million recovery on a previously charged-off commercial loan. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were 19 basis points for the third quarter, in line with what we've seen on average over the past two years. The provision for credit losses was $47 million in the recent quarter, exceeding net charge-offs by $6 million, reflecting overall loan growth as well as the ongoing shift to a higher proportion of commercial loans to total loans as the Hudson City mortgage portfolio pays down. The allowance for credit losses was $976 million at the end of September. The ratio of this allowance to total loans was 1.09%, little changed from the 1.10% at the end of the second quarter. Loans 90 days past due, on which we continue to accrue interest, excluding acquired loans that had been marked to a fair value discounted acquisition, were $317 million at the end of the recent quarter. Of those loans, $282 million or 89% are guaranteed by government-related entities. Turning to capital, M&T's common equity Tier 1 ratio under the current transitional Basel III capital rules was an estimated 10.76% compared to 11.01% at the end of the second quarter. This reflects earnings retention less $350 million of share repurchases during the quarter, $110 million in dividends paid during the quarter, as well as the impact of net asset growth. Turning to the outlook, the trends in the third quarter were largely consistent with what we've seen over the course of 2016. At this point, our outlook for the remainder of the year remains little changed. We expect run-off of the mortgage loan portfolio to continue but be more than offset by growth in commercial and other consumer loans. We expect a normal seasonal rebound in auto floorplan balances. The pipeline of customer activity in other parts of the C&I portfolio remains strong. We expect continued pressure in the core net interest margin in the area of 2 to 3 basis points. But as we saw this quarter, changes in the level of trust deposits, the overall cost of interest-bearing deposits and other items can result in some volatility in the printed margin. In any case, we expect growth in net interest income to continue to be challenged while we transition our New Jersey operations to a commercial banking profile amidst the ongoing difficult interest rate environment. On expenses, our outlook for spending in the second half of 2016 is that it will approximate spending in the first half. Our outlook for credit is little changed over the short term. We're still not seeing any significant pressures on credit, either in nonaccrual loans or in charge-offs. And we remain on track with our capital plan, with the pace of repurchases a little more weighted toward the second half of 2016 and a little less in the first half of 2017. As is our normal practice, we'll share our thoughts on the outlook for 2017 in the July earnings conference call. Of course, as you are aware, our projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events and other macroeconomic factors which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. At this point, we'll open up the call to questions, before which Maria will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe of Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe: Let's start off with the margin. I heard what you said, the 2, 3 basis points of core compression, but it sounded like there was also about 5 basis points in this quarter of other items that caused NIM compression. When you look at fourth quarter potential NIM, like, is there other items? I know you said it's going to be volatile, but does that 5 basis points negative that you had this quarter actually come back? Or is it basically just gone and it's going to remain at this lower level; and then those other items are sort of neutral, plus or minus, if that made sense?
Darren King: Yes, so good question. I know there's a lot going on in the margin. If we think about the basics and the 2 to 3 basis points, that's what we've been talking about all year. And that is the combination of the run-off in the mortgage portfolio, how quickly we priced the CD book; as well as just as older loans that are at a higher-margin pay off and the newer ones that are at a slightly lower margin become a bigger part of the portfolio, you're seeing that compression. If you look at the 2 basis points that happened because of the trust demand deposits, it's really literally that extra $1 billion that was being kept at the Fed. So those $1 billion carry a very low margin. You know, we're not receiving much on them, but we're not paying much on them. Those are just a different form of payment for our global capital markets business. And then the other piece was obviously the mortgage portfolio being a bigger chunk of our balances and the pricing convention there being 30/360 -- that when you have a quarter like we did, the interest paid by the customer doesn't change, but the basis over which you calculate the effective rate or the margin drops. So I guess we kind of look at that as what I would call noise. You know, how much cash at the Fed and trust demand deposits will be in the next quarter, I guess it's our anticipation that they will go down, but that's something that is subject to move quarter to quarter based on the activity we have in that business.
Ken Zerbe: All right. And then just the other question I had on the provision expense, I think in the release, you did talk about the normal seasoning of the non-purchase-impaired loans at Hudson City. If that deteriorates, just normal seasoning of the Hudson portfolio, does that have a meaningful impact on your allowance or the provision expense that you might take? Because it sounds like credit is still pretty good, but it was maybe a little bit higher than what we were looking for this quarter.
Darren King: I guess when I look at the total provision, if you look at charge-offs, charge-offs was just, you know, normal course of business. And when we look at what's in our allowance for doubtful accounts, as well as when we look at what's not performing, we don't see anything in there that gives us cause. In fact, it looks pretty good. The provision over and above charge-offs was the reflection of the loan growth we saw this quarter and just following our normal practices of providing for future losses, based on our historical charge-offs at rates by loan category.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matt O'Connor: I was wondering if you could talk about expenses beyond the fourth quarter, either explicitly or just some of the puts and takes, as we think about investment spend. You know, maybe there was less investment spend on the technology side, but you're still ramping in New Jersey; kind of normal inflation; and then kind of some of the expense efforts that you have as well as partial offsets?
Darren King: Sure. So I guess if you look at our expenses and how they've gone over the course of the year and you look at where some of the investments have happened, if you look at our salaries and benefits line and where we've been over the course of the year, in the course of the last year we've added some people; we've invested in some businesses. In growing global capital markets business, we've hired a couple of teams over the course of the year. And we're investing, as you noted, in New Jersey. We think that we'll continue to make investments as appropriate, but probably the pace will slow down a little bit -- that we wouldn't maintain the pace that we were this year versus 2015 when you think about salary and benefits. When you look at some of the other costs of operations, I mean, occupancy obviously will go with people, but that should be pretty much contained. One of the places where we did spend more money this year was advertising and promotion. It was probably a little bit elevated compared to what would be a normal run rate for us, because we were making a splash in New Jersey as we went in there as well as we were taking advantage, as we've talked about, of some of the changes in the marketplaces that we operate in that have been happening. So I guess absent other changes happening, our expectation would be that that would come back down. Probably not all the way to where it was in prior years, because we're now a bigger organization with New Jersey, but below the place where we're today. And when we look at the other professional services expenses that are out there, our pace of IT investment, I think, won't get higher from where we're right now. We're looking at the additions we have made to the technology team as well as to outside help -- that we think the run rate we're at is a good place. And we might actually slow it down a little bit so that we're able to manage the change that we're introducing into the Bank so that we can do things well. So I guess I don't see those dropping dramatically, but I don't see them going up from here. And then, obviously, the other wildcard is legal which is part of the professional services. And we will continue our work there as we get ready to go to trial which has been extended until October of next year.
Matt O'Connor: So not to put words in your mouth, but if you take what you just mentioned which all seem positive in terms of moderating expense growth -- if you take those positives, is that enough to offset kind of the normal inflation, so that you start looking at kind of flattish costs as we think about full-year 2017?
Darren King: It's a good question. I guess we're still doing our work on our 2017 plan and looking through what we were expecting. So I don't want to comment on what the 2017 numbers will look like. We'll give you more guidance in January. I think actually in my remarks before, I said July. I'm not going to keep you guys until July before we let you know. But we'll give you little better view on that in January. But in general, our expectation is to try and make sure that we can manage our expenses in conjunction with revenue. Right? And our long term goal is always to try and produce positive operating leverage. There will be quarters and years where that might go negative or to zero, but over the long run that's really what our objective is. So we're trying to make sure that we align our expense growth to the revenue world that we're operating in.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Alexopoulos of JPMorgan.
Steven Alexopoulos: First, I wanted to follow up on the comments on the buildup of the trust deposits. Short term liquidity looks like it's just around $11 billion. How much do you realistically need to run the Bank? And is there any plan to move at least some of that liquidity into the securities portfolio?
Darren King: Sure. You noted something that we've been paying attention to and had a lot of discussion on around here over the last little while. There's a bunch of components within that $12 billion. We certainly don't need $12 billion to run the Bank, that's for sure. When we look at what we need for HQLA and for the LCR, that number is maybe between $3 billion and $5 billion. And I think the question of whether it's $3 billion or whether it's $5 billion is really a function of what we think we can invest it in and the securities world. And for us, when we look at investing it in two-year treasuries at 70 basis points or just keeping it at the Fed at 50, right now we're kind of more inclined to leave it in the Fed. Now, other components of that $12 billion include primarily two things. One is trust demand deposits. And when you look at those, either we or the customer that we're holding those on their behalf, we can either choose to put them in the Fed or we could put them in the money funds which is what would have happened historically. I think as rates start to come back there, trust demand deposits will sit as much or more in the money funds as it will sit in the Fed. And either we'll do that on behalf of the customer or the customer will choose to do it themselves. And then we won't get those dollars as payment; we'll get paid in fees in our global capital markets business. And then the other part of what's at the Fed is some escrow balances that come with the relationship we have with Bayview and the servicing that we do. And those are monthly P&I payments. So there's a floor that we see every month and that we'll look to put to work. But there's some part of those balances that grow throughout the month until the payments are made and then they drop back down. And we think the most prudent thing to do with those, certainly, right now is to just keep those at the Fed. So really, when we look at those balances, we're thinking about those three categories. And we're looking to try and optimize what we have to make sure that we're not putting funds at risk, but we're getting as good a return as we can on those dollars.
Steven Alexopoulos: Regarding the high-cost CDs maturing from Hudson City, can you quantify the balance of these maturing in the fourth quarter and if you know at this point what 2017 looks like? And how will the rate that you're paying change on those?
Darren King: There's a couple of factors that are involved in the Hudson City deposits and I'll do my best to give you some guidance on how to think about it. So in the fourth quarter, there's, I think, $2 billion to $2.5 billion that will mature. And they are across a number of different term buckets. And what we've seen so far as we have started the repricing is that approximately 50% of the CDs are renewing and they are renewing typically at a lower rate. And that could come in two forms. It could be at a lower rate within the existing term or what we're also seeing is people shifting to shorter term. Just because of the interest rate environment we're in, I think the book is generally short for us. I think it is for folks in the industry, because people are uncertain. So some of the dollars will reprice into CDs of light term or shorter term. Some of those CDs will actually change categories and will go into money market accounts or even now accounts, again, while people wait out the interest rate environment. And then some of those are attriting. In total, we're retaining about 60% of the balances across all categories and about half are staying within time deposits of various maturities.
Steven Alexopoulos: That's helpful. Anything on 2017 at this point?
Darren King: Nothing at this point that I would comment on. I think we're kind of looking to see -- we're learning through this process. The good news is so far what we've seen is pretty much on track with what we expected to happen. But this is a big quarter, so I would like to see how that goes. And we'll continue to decide how we want to play things out in 2017.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Frank Schiraldi of Sandler O'Neill.
Frank Schiraldi: Just a follow-up on the Hudson City question in terms of deposits. Darren, if you are retaining 60% of those balances, what sort of percent are you seeing, I guess, the most favorable outcome -- where you'll get lower time deposit, maybe, but you'll get the primary checking account relationship to come over?
Darren King: Last numbers I looked at on that were we're getting about 20% to 25% of those customers adding a checking account. Now, when they add the checking account, that's great, as long as they are active. So one of the things that we spend a lot of time looking at is the activity rates of our customers and their accounts. And for us that means, do you have a debit card and do you use it regularly? Do you get direct deposit? And while the rate of people signing up for that account is off to a good start, the activity levels are a little bit lower than we'd like. So as we work our way through this, our objective is to get what we would call primary households, where people view us as their primary bank. And those are the measures that we would tend to look to. So we do have a part of the 25% of the 50% that are opening checking accounts. And the results are decent, but we're going to keep watching that to see how things play out.
Frank Schiraldi: Okay, but that's 25% of the 60% you are retaining that are opening--?
Darren King: Correct.
Frank Schiraldi: Okay. And then just secondly or lastly, just in terms of commercial loan growth, I don't know if you guys have quantified it for the year; I guess you'd require at least mid-single digits to offset the run-off in Hudson City. But is there a potential outperformance there? Can we read anything into this particular quarter -- the particular strength acceleration we saw in commercial this quarter versus the previous linked quarter?
Darren King: I guess we didn't realize going into the quarter, as we were going through it, that it was going to be as outperforming as it might look at this point. We've just kind of spent our time talking to our customers and helping them out. When we look at some of the commercial real estate growth this quarter, there was some construction which are projects that we had agreed to finance in prior quarters that were coming on stream and building which helped drive some of the growth. And then obviously we're trying to grow in New Jersey which is a place where we did see some outsized growth -- although I'll remind you that the percentage looks good, but it's off of a small base. But overall, when we look at our pipeline, the pipeline is strong. It's slightly above what we had seen in prior quarters. So we feel good going into the fourth quarter, but I wouldn't want to characterize it as we're expecting to see outsized growth, at least vis-a-vis the industry.
Frank Schiraldi: Okay. I guess it's mostly, I guess, with the smaller banks, but there's some regionals that also you see some concentration issues, certainly, with CRE. And just wondering if that maybe is a tailwind for M&T?
Darren King: Well, I think you're certainly hearing more people worry about the concentration limits. And I think that's certainly a concern. I read through some of the other comments from other calls and I recognize that's a concern. We obviously pay attention to that as well. And when we look at where we stand today, we feel pretty good about the headroom that we have there. But I guess the important thing for us is that we try to do business, particularly in the commercial real estate space, with customers with whom we have a long history of doing business. The equity that's in the deals is still very strong and as strong as it was pre- the last recession or stronger than that. And our credit appetite isn't changing. We're not lowering our standards, because we're seeing maybe a little bit more activity and we're not increasing it. We try to be very consistent with how we underwrite and what our expectations are in all parts of the cycle.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pancari of Evercore.
John Pancari: Just a housekeeping type of question around the loan growth. I noticed the EOP, the end-of-period, balances were higher than the average balances on a couple of fronts on most of the buckets. And just wanted to get your take on what is the better number to look at in terms of what it could mean for growth into next quarter?
Darren King: I guess my bias is always to look at the average rather than the end-of-period, just because when deals close can be lumpy throughout the quarter. You can get stuff that happens at quarter-end for various reasons. I would tend to look at the average; that normalizes out things that might show up. One month it might get participated out. So I think that's a better measure to use and the one that we would probably pay more attention to. I guess the only thing to remind everyone of is -- the fourth quarter, there always tends to be a little bit of a spike, as our customers reach year-end and they are trying to get things done in a certain tax year. That's often a driver of activity to get deals done or loans closed. And we've historically seen a little bit of a spike at the end of the fourth quarter. So I would just pay attention to that. But it's usually late in the quarter, so from an average perspective -- again, you know, it won't necessarily drive income in the quarter, but it will give you a nice pop at the end of the period. So a long-winded way of saying I would tend to focus on the averages.
John Pancari: No, that's helpful; it helps to account for it. I mean, it looks like it amounted to about $1 billion this quarter. And sorry if you already alluded to this, but just want to get your take on borrower demand within the pure C&I space. We have had several of your peers flagging some apprehension on the midmarket borrower side, given some uncertainty around the elections, but a little bit more by way of economic trends -- CapEx pulling back, industrial production weakening. So I wanted to get your thoughts there. Thanks.
Darren King: I guess from speaking with our commercial bankers across the region before coming on the call, they are feeling good about the demand that's out there. You know, as I mentioned before, our pipeline is very, very strong. It's in line with what we've seen in prior quarters. I think there is a little bit of a pause and I expect there will be a pause this quarter, as we go through the election cycle and people digest what that means and with the change in administration. And the more global trend that we've seen this year and have for the last couple of years is companies of all sizes are sitting more on cash and they are holding that cash. And they are investing, but they are still reticent to invest beyond maintaining where they are. We're not seeing a ton of CapEx for growth and a bunch of the replacement cycle is gone. So I guess I would describe it and think about it as steady. And the growth that we had in the quarter, I think, is fairly consistent in the ex-floorplan space, consistent with where we've been in the prior quarters. And we don't see a huge reason for that to change in the fourth quarter, either up or down.
John Pancari: One last question, it's a quick one, as well. But in terms of your expectation there on the margin for the 2 to 3 basis points of compression, this might be a stupid question, but is that for the quarter for 4Q? So that's a quarterly pace or are you expecting that to occur over a couple of quarters?
Darren King: That's been a quarterly pace.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Can I ask just a bigger-picture question, a follow-up on the balance sheet? You mentioned it's been tough -- it looks tough to grow NII from here. But I was just wondering, when you think about the size of the balance sheet, you had good period-end loan growth. You had higher securities balances at period-end. You had the good deposit growth. Do we see kind of the bottom in NII after a couple of quarters of decline? It would seem that you still have the balance sheet growth to overcome the NIM pressure. I just want to make sure I'm understanding the back-and-forth between balance sheet size and the output that is NIM.
Darren King: Right. So I guess as we look at what's been going on with net interest income, we think we're approaching the bottom and that it will start to turn. How quickly that turns will be obviously a function of whether we get a rate increase in December or not. But even absent that, we expect it to start to turn in the next couple of quarters. Part of the issue is -- and I think this is pretty straightforward for everyone -- as the mortgages run off, the reason they are prepaying is because they tend to be right around 4% and those are fixed yields; whereas the commercial loans that we're replacing them with in the short term with LIBOR, where they are being LIBOR-based, are at yields that are kind of 3.50% to 3.60%. So that's part of what is driving that core compression. But as the mortgage balances become a little bit less of a factor in the balance sheet, that's why we see that bottoming out coming in in the coming quarters and expect to happen in 2017 and see things go the other way.
Ken Usdin: Got it. And as a follow-up to that point, this is the first quarter where we'll see the full-year effect of having Hudson City on. In the first quarter of last year, when we got the rate hike in December, it was tough to kind of understand the melding in of the benefit from rates versus the merging in of the Hudson City balance sheet. So can you help us just understand the rate sensitivity? If we got a December hike, how does that carry forward? And would that also help -- how much do you think that would help the NIM on the new balance sheet?
Darren King: Sure. I guess a couple of things, I'll remind you that in the fourth quarter of last year, we had two months of Hudson City and in December was when we did the balance sheet restructuring. So it's a true statement that fourth quarter to fourth quarter, Hudson City will be in both; but it's not a full fourth quarter. And there was some balance sheet restructuring that we were doing in the fourth quarter of last year with Hudson City. So I think the best comparison for you will be the first quarter 2016 to first quarter 2017. Now, that said, the impact of a rate hike on net interest margin, I think, will be pretty similar to what we saw last time. If it's 25 points, it won't be the whole thing that will show up in the margin. Obviously, deposit pricing, deposit price reactivity will impact that. We're not sure that it will be that much this time as well. But I think a good guideline would be to look at what happened last time. And we would be right around that for the next hike. And we'll all keep our fingers crossed that it comes.
Ken Usdin: Yes, that's the tricky point, just because the balance sheet is different and we couldn't quite see that happened fourth to first. Do you have kind of what you think that would be in, like, a basis point helper?
Darren King: I guess I would be thinking in the 15 to 20 range.
Ken Usdin: 15, 20 basis points on the quarter or on a full year?
Darren King: Well, you have to have it, obviously, for the full year. The full-year impact.
Ken Usdin: A full-year impact of one hike? Okay.
Darren King: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: Just had a follow-up to Steve's line of questioning. I'm sorry if I missed this, but did you give the rate at which the CDs are repricing -- or, rather, the rate that you're offering -- the new rate that you're offering the Hudson City CD holders?
Darren King: We didn't talk specifically about the rate. We talked about the rate at which they tend to be renewing which -- we're seeing approximately 50% of the CDs stay in the Bank. Those are staying across a number of term buckets. Not all customers are renewing in the same term. And so the rates vary, obviously depending on which term they're in. In general, those are lower than what they were before. But the customer can get a different rate depending on the breadth of their relationship. So it's a little bit all over the board. There's not one rate, per se, that we're seeing those CDs go into.
Erika Najarian: So when I just looked at your website and I look at an Ally bank or a GS bank, there's a huge difference between what the rate is on the M&T website and the rate that others are offering that would attract CD holders. And I'm wondering, as we think about the renewal rate, is the mix of all of those buckets that you talked about sort of -- is somewhere in between? I think I'm getting 10 basis points just doing a quick search on your website across different terms. And for GS and Ally, I'm getting 1%.
Darren King: I think that's pretty accurate with where pricing is on some of the CDs. I think when we're dealing with customers who are single-service CD customers, oftentimes there's a better option for them. We're a relationship bank and our best pricing is for our best customers and those have more fulsome relationships with us. So we certainly have customers who earn much more than that on their CD balances. We're obviously also sensitive to the market in which we're operating. We know it's broader than just the local market, that the Internet banks are part of it. But for certain customer segments that's not an option they choose to use. So we look at our pricing all the time and make sure that we feel good about where our pricing stands vis-a-vis the competition as well as doing the right thing for our customers and doing the right thing for our balance sheet. So there's a bunch of things that we're always trading off when we're looking at pricing, but the rates that are there are certainly the posted rates that are in the market and, we think, comparable to other like institutions.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And just one last follow-up question. I wanted to make sure I understood -- you only need $3 billion to $5 billion of the $12 billion in cash to run the Bank. And as we think about the comments you made on the variability of escrow and trust deposit inflows, how much do you benchmark per quarter in terms of how much cash you have to hold to account for the volatility of those inflows and outflows?
Darren King: I guess I go back with the -- the main thing that we were running the Bank for and holding the cash is obviously for the LCR and LCR purposes. And it's our intention to manage that number so that we've got ourselves covered, but without giving away interest income that we could otherwise get if we were able to invest that in securities that paid better than holding cash at the Fed. When it comes to the escrow balances, there are minimums that we need to have to make sure that we don't ever have ourselves in a position where we can't make those payments on behalf of the people that we're covering from a servicing perspective. There obviously is a cost to the holding those and we're cognizant of what the cost is. But that's also part of the pricing that we have with the people that we're doing that business. Trust demand would be the same thing. I guess I think it's a -- the trust demand balances I look at as primarily a function of the interest rate environment that we're in right now -- that if we were in a different part of the cycle, where rates were -- you know, we'll see what happens if there's a 25 basis point hike. But certainly another 50 and I think the level of trust demand deposits that we see us carrying will start to get real small real fast. And we'd be down into the range of the $5 billion-ish that we're holding for HQLA. And even that we might start to haircut a little bit.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Burnell of Wells Fargo Securities.
Matt Burnell: Just wanted to get a little more color on the consumer loan demand. We've seen across the industry greater demand across a number of consumer loan types -- not just auto, growing demand for card, growing demand for other types of consumer lending. I'm curious as to how you're feeling about that growth heading into 2017 -- fourth quarter in 2017? And is there -- what is the opportunity set within the HCBK customer base, not only to reprice the CDs, but possibly to sell them consumer loans?
Darren King: Sure. I think when we look within Hudson City customer base, we do see upside to selling consumer loans. That would be primarily credit card and home equity lines of credit. What we're finding within the CD customer base, at least, is it tends to skew a little bit older. And therefore our ability to penetrate that with home equity loans and cards isn't the same as it would be if we were dealing with a slightly younger crowd. But obviously we have got those mortgages that we look at as well. And if we have someone that has a mortgage, those would be good candidates for, certainly, home equity lines of credit. So we're cognizant of that and we're working on it. But is that going to drive double-digit growth? I don't think so. I think what you're seeing in our home-equity growth is not dissimilar to what you're seeing in the industry. And really, with 30-year rates and 15-year rates as low as they are, the average consumer is much more interested in doing a first than using a second. We would only start to see second balances and demand start to increase as rates increase, when people can't utilize the first lien market as their primary option. You know, when you talk about auto loans, for us and, I think, the industry, that tends to generally work through the dealerships. We've been operating in New Jersey even prior to having Hudson City. And we have reps there that are working with dealers, dealerships and dealer groups, to try and be in their set of options. I don't think you would look at New Jersey -- I certainly wouldn't -- and say that's a big opportunity that will drive our indirect auto business growth beyond the rate that we've been seeing over the last few quarters.
Matt Burnell: Okay. And just to follow up on a comment you made earlier, I just want to make sure we're clear on the benefit of the one rate hike that you're talking about. You mentioned a 15 to 20 basis point benefit over the course of 12 months from the 25 basis point hike that we hope will occur in December, but we didn't see that last -- we haven't seen that over the course of the past 12 months. I appreciate there's been a whole lot of moving parts over the last 12 months, but should we assume that the 25 basis points that we might get in December would add, all else being equal, 15 to 20 basis points to the margin by the fourth quarter of 2017? Or are there other moving parts that could diminish that?
Darren King: I'm glad you came back to that, because it was something that I wanted to come back to as I thought through the moving parts and the answer. So I think the 15 to 20 -- you start to see that work its way through the loan book, but sort of thinking about the whole part of the impact on the liability repricing as well. And I think when you net the two together and you look at what happened last time, you'll probably net more in the 6 to 10 range -- and that you see the pop early on and then it comes down. Hopefully, it doesn't come down -- the reason for the range -- hopefully it doesn't come down quite as much as it has this time, because as the LIBOR rate moves up, what you're giving up from the mortgages going into commercial loans isn't as big a gap as what it is today, given where rates are. And so that will affect it. And then, obviously, the other thing that will be part of the margin that's important to think about is in total how we fund the balance sheet, right? So we have some bank notes that are coming due next year that we'll issue; and depending on where the print is there, that will also impact the margin. So I guess originally, as I was thinking about the question and my response, I was thinking more on simply the asset side. I think 6 to 10 in total margin is probably a better space to be -- which, again, I always look at what happened this past year, recognizing there was some noise in there, but that's probably a good guide.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Elliott of Autonomous Research.
Geoffrey Elliott: You've spoken quite a lot about the repricing of Hudson City deposits. But I guess if I look at time deposit costs in the quarter, they increased 5 bps, from 85 to 90 bps. So I wonder if you could explain what's been going on there -- if there's some accounting related to the merger or something like that that's caused that tick-up and how it flows through over the future quarters?
Darren King: Yes, so I think you hit the nail on the head -- that when the accounting acquired certificates of deposit -- the math is that if it's a 12-month CD and there's two months left, you basically mark it as a two-month instrument and you think about the interest rate as that. So as those CDs that were in partial paydown, if you will -- you know, they were less than their full maturity, the rate that we would see would be the marked rate. And then as they renew, you would go to the actual rate. And that's partly why you are seeing that increase in those time deposit accounts over the course of the quarters this year. We have talked before that the bulk of the book is less than a year. So we should be pretty close to the end of that accounting happening and start to see more pronounced the effect of the repricing that's happening. But I would also remind you that the repricing happens every month. So in the first month, you see 1/12th of it and in the second month you see 2/12ths of it. So it takes a while for that stuff to work its way through. And it's also a function of how big the balances are that are maturing in each of those twelfths. And we started the work in the middle of August. So really, we've got 1/12th in the books so far in September and that's why the numbers that you're quoting are accurate and why they are not that impressive. But you got to start sometime in making those changes and we're starting down that path. And we think it's an important next step in the conversion we have of this thrift into a commercial bank.
Geoffrey Elliott: And in terms of that cost of time deposit inflecting, when are you thinking that takes place?
Darren King: I'm thinking that is a 2017 event, just based on the fact that it's on average 12 months or less. So I think you start to pass through that inflection point sometime late second -- or late first quarter, sorry, early second quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that was our final question for today. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Don MacLeod: Again, thank you for all participating today. And as always, if there are any clarifications on the items on the call needed or if you have any further questions, please contact our investor relations department at 716-842-5138. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude M&T Bank's third quarter 2016 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-20 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the M&T Bank Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Don McLeod, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Donald J. MacLeod: Thank you, Paula, and good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's second quarter 2016 earnings conference call both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website, www.mtb.com and by clicking on the Investor Relations link. Also before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on Forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now, I'd like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, Darren King.
Darren J. King: Thank you, Don, and good morning, everyone. Since this is my first conference call as Chief Financial Officer, I'll ask you to bear with me. René Jones most recently and Mike Pinto before him, set a high bar for CFOs in general and for M&T Bank in particular. I certainly have big shoes to fill. Before I start, I'd like to take a moment and thank René for the advice and guidance that he's provided to the company and to me personally over the time that we worked together, particularly during the last 90 days. I'm looking forward to working with many of you as well over the coming months and years. Let's get started. In the second quarter, we generated $1.3 billion of revenue, net income of $336 million, and diluted earnings per share of $1.98. Return on assets were 1.09% and return on common equity was 8.38%. Looking at the second quarter results on a net operating basis, which excludes the after-tax effect of merger-related expenses and amortization of intangible assets, earnings per share equaled $2.07. Return on tangible assets was 1.18% and return on tangible common equity was 12.68%. Every measure noted above both on a GAAP and net operating basis improved from the first quarter. The efficiency ratio also improved to 55.1% in the second quarter, down from 57% in the first quarter, and 58.2% in the year ago quarter. We were able to deliver these results against the headwinds that we and our clients faced, including an uneven economic recovery in growth, persistent low interest rates and volatile financial markets. There are many highlights from the second quarter that characterize the state of the bank and before we review the details, I'd like to take a minute to review a few of the more noteworthy developments. Probably the biggest highlight of the quarter was receiving a non-objection from the Federal Reserve to our 2016 CCAR capital plan. While we learned our results in the second quarter, the non-objection was the favorable result for months of hard work by many of our colleagues around the bank, as well as the payback on the investments we've made over the past several years in our risk management governance, processes and technology. We know however that the CCAR bar keeps rising and so this quarter we'll begin the preparations for CCAR 2017. Another highlight of the second quarter is the continued growth of our loan portfolio. While on the surface 3% annualized loan growth isn't particularly exciting, a look at the details reveals that lending to commercial customers increased an annualized rate of 11% against the decline in the residential mortgage book of an annualized 16%, largely the result of expected runoff in the Hudson City mortgage portfolio. This is a pretty typical pattern when you're converting a thrift to a commercial bank. Against this backdrop, credit quality on M&T hallmark remains strong. In the second quarter, as noted on prior calls, we've been reinvesting a portion of the savings from the merger and the BSA/AML savings to position the bank for the future. We launched a brand campaign in New Jersey to introduce ourselves to the new market. We reminded our legacy markets who we are in the face of changing competition and we continued to invest in our technological infrastructure along several dimensions. For instance, in foundational elements like data, in employee tools like teller cash recyclers, and in customer convenience and security that will be seen in the form of our upcoming new and improved mtb.com website and enhanced security at our ATMs through the upcoming deployment of (5:06) protocols. So while unique unto itself, this quarter reflects the continuous cycle of invest and harvest that has characterized M&T Bank for many years. Overall, we would describe it as a solid quarter. Let's take a look at the details. Diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $1.98 for the second quarter of 2016, improved from $1.73 in the first quarter and equal to last year's second quarter. Net income for the quarter was $336 million, up 13% from $299 million in the linked quarter and up 17% from $287 million in the year ago quarter. After-tax expense from the amortization of intangible assets was $7 million or $0.04 per common share in the recent quarter compared to $7 million and $0.05 per common share in the first quarter. Also included in the second quarter results were $13 million of pre-tax merger-related charges incurred in connection with the Hudson City acquisition. This equates to $8 million after-tax effect or $0.05 per common share. Merger-related expenses in the second quarter – or sorry, excuse me, merger-related expenses in the first quarter totaled $23 million pre-tax. That amounted to $14 million after-tax effect or $0.09 per common share. Consistent with our long-term practice, M&T provides supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis from which we exclude the after-tax effect of amortization of intangible assets as well as any expenses associated with mergers and acquisitions. M&T's net operating income for the second quarter, which excludes intangible amortization and merger-related expenses, was $351 million, compared with $290 million in last year's second quarter and $320 million in the linked quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $2.07 for the recent quarter, improved from $2.01 in the year ago quarter and that figure was $1.87 in this year's first quarter. Net operating income yielded annualized rates of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders' equity of 1.18% and 12.68% for the recent quarter. The comparable returns were 1.09% and 11.62% in the first quarter of 2016. In accordance with the SEC's guidelines, this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results, including tangible assets and equity. If we turn our attention to the balance sheet and income statement, taxable equivalent net interest income was $870 million in the second quarter of 2016, down $8 million from the linked quarter. The decline reflected a combination of a narrowing of the net interest margin and a change in the mix of interest earning assets. Let's look at the specifics. Net interest margin declined to 3.13%, down five basis points from 3.18% in the linked quarter. What we consider to be core margin pressure accounted for about three basis points of the decline. That includes the impact of a slightly more costly mix of deposits, including the impact of the Hudson City time deposits as well as growth in savings deposits associated with our mortgage servicing operations. On the non-core side, interest bearing deposits with banks, which primarily reflect cash on deposit at the New York Fed, averaged $8.7 billion during the second quarter, up by over $500 million from the prior quarter. That increase, the result of higher balances of trust deposits, decreased the margin by approximately one basis point. Average investment securities declined, reflecting normal principal amortization as well as a step-up in prepayments. Those prepayments of higher yielding securities and a limited amount of reinvestment into lower yielding LCR compliance securities reduced the yield on the portfolio. We estimate these factors diminished the margin by an additional basis point. The cost of deposits reflects, in part, our decision, which we previously discussed, to maintain pricing for customers in the Greater New York area whose accounts were formerly held at Hudson City Savings Bank. We'll offer more thoughts with respect to that pricing in a few moments. Average loans increased by about 3% annualized or $572 million compared to the linked quarter. Looking at the loans by category, on an average basis compared with the linked quarter, commercial and industrial loans increased an annualized 14%. Commercial real estate loans increased by about 10% annualized. As noted earlier, those two categories combined grew an annualized 11%. Also, as noted, residential mortgage loans declined at an annualized 15% rate. Consumer loans grew an annualized 5% with growth in indirect loans, including auto loans, partly offset by a decline in home equity lines of credit. Loan growth was consistent across most of our footprint, including Upstate New York, Pennsylvania, Greater New York City and New Jersey. Growth in the Mid-Atlantic region was slightly softer. Average core customer deposits, which exclude deposits received at M&T's Cayman Islands office and CDs over $250,000, increased at an annualized 8% from the first quarter, reflecting the higher level of trust and savings deposits that I mentioned earlier. Turning to non-interest income, non-interest income totaled $448 million in the second quarter compared to $421 million in the prior quarter. Mortgage banking revenues were $89 million in the recent quarter compared with $82 million in the linked quarter. Residential mortgage loans originated for sale were $858 million in the quarter, up some 30% compared with the first quarter, while the gain on sale margin was relatively stable. Our commercial mortgage banking operation had a strong quarter as well, with a slight increase in multi-family commercial mortgages originated for sale combined with a favorable mix of higher margin loans than that prior quarter. Trust fees improved to $120 million in the recent quarter, up from $111 million in the previous quarter. That increase reflects about $3 million of seasonal tax preparation fees that usually occur in the second quarter as well as fees from net new business, particularly on the institutional side. Service charges on deposit accounts and commercial loan fees also improved from the first quarter. Turning to expenses, operating expenses for the second quarter, which exclude merger-related expenses and the amortization of intangible assets, were $726 million, improved from $741 million in the prior quarter. On that same operating basis, salary and benefits declined by $28 million from the seasonally high level in the first quarter. Partially offsetting that decline was a $16 million increase in other costs of operations, including higher professional services expenses. The operating efficiency ratio improved to 55.1% in the quarter, down from 57% in the first quarter and 58.2% in last year's second quarter. Next, let's turn to credit. Our credit quality remains in line with our expectations, which is to say strong, with continuing low levels of non-accrual loans and net charge-offs. Non-accrual loans declined to $849 million and the ratio of non-accrual loans to total loans was 0.96%, improved from 1% at the end of the first quarter. Net charge-offs for the second quarter were $24 million compared with $42 million in the first quarter. Recall that the first quarter's results included $14 million of charge-offs associated with consumer loan customers who were either deceased or filed bankruptcy, compared with just $5 million in the recent quarter. In addition, the results for the second quarter included a $7 million recovery on a previously charged-off commercial loan. Reflecting that recovery, annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were 11 basis points for the second quarter, while the comparable figure was 19 basis points in the previous quarter. The provision for credit losses was $32 million in the recent quarter, exceeding net charge-offs by $8 million, reflecting overall loan growth as well as the ongoing shift to a higher proportion of commercial loans as the Hudson City mortgage portfolio pays down. The allowance for credit losses was $970 million at the end of June. The ratio of the allowance to total loans was 1.10%, unchanged from the end of the first quarter. Loans 90 days past due, on which we continue to accrue interest, excluding acquired loans that had been marked to fair value discount at acquisition, were $298 million at the end of the recent quarter. Of these loans, $270 million, or 91%, are guaranteed by government-related entities. Turning to capital, M&T's common equity Tier 1 ratio under the current transitional Basel III capital rules was an estimated 11.01% compared with 11.06% at the end of the first quarter, which reflects earnings retention less $154 million of share repurchases during the second quarter as well as net loan growth. I'll offer our thoughts on our 2016 capital plan, which received no objection from the Federal Reserve, in a few moments. Next, I'd like to give you an update on several of the projects we've been working on. As previously announced, we completed the conversion of Hudson City during the first quarter, in which we converted them to our systems and operations, including loan and deposit accounting, mortgage servicing and other core applications. All the Hudson City facilities were rebranded to M&T at that time. Speaking of branding, those of you who work and live in the Greater New York, New Jersey market have undoubtedly seen a step-up in our advertising as part of this process. More recently, we've been working on the longer-term initiative of converting Hudson City from a thrift culture to M&T's commercial bank culture. We're continuing to hire in the New Jersey market, including commercial lenders, business bankers, and wealth advisors. We've hired some 49 customer-facing employees since the beginning of 2016. To complement our commercial hiring, we've begun an accelerated business banking training initiative for some 30 Hudson City branch managers, who are on a fast track to learn M&T's branch sales practices. Training also continues for our other branch-based colleagues, increasing their familiarity with our entire suite of commercial bank products and services. Our investments in technology include continuing to enhance our ability to capture and organize data for risk management and capital planning requirements as well as for improving customer service. These investments paid a dividend in the form of our 2016 CCAR results but, as noted earlier, the bar rises every year requiring continuous improvement in our risk management practices. Beyond our data initiative, you should see some tangible results from our technology investments shortly, including a major update to our website within the next several weeks, and an updated mobile app that we anticipate rolling out later this year. We're also working on enhancing the tools we give to our employees to improve our interactions with customers by simplifying the processes that employees must follow to complete their work. These projects are still in the early stages. Lastly, we've discussed in a general way, the opportunities presented to us by the changing competitive environment occurring, or about to occur in our footprint. We know from firsthand experience that change brings uncertainty. Whether it's with their personal banking or business banking, customers seek stability when considering their banking options. We are here to help customers in our communities as we have been for over 160 years. To offer one example, using checking account acquisition as a proxy for new customer acquisition, year-over-year growth in Greater Buffalo is nearly 19%, almost twice as large as the average across the remainder of the footprint. Now, let's turn to the outlook. As is our usual practice, without giving specific earnings guidance, we'd like to offer our thoughts as to how we are tracking against the outlook for the full year that we gave you on the January call. While our outlook is mostly unchanged from the previous calls, one factor that has changed is the outlook for increases in the Fed funds rate. At the time of our January call, the forward rate curve was implying two actions by the Fed in calendar year 2016. There now appears to be a little prospect for even one increase this year, perhaps not even until mid-next year to late next year. But even without any Fed action, the curve has flattened with the yield on 10-year Treasuries touching an all-time low recently. Our ability to maintain a stable year-over-year margin will be impacted by that changed interest rate outlook, but that could be somewhat offset by our ability to reposition the balance sheet, particularly with respect to trust deposits and the pricing on Hudson City time deposits. Loan growth this past quarter was largely in line with or slightly better than our expectations, with solid growth in commercial loans, both commercial and industrial and commercial real estate. Partially offset by slower growth in consumer loans and the expected decline in residential real estate. Absent rises in interest rates, we don't expect the pace of repayments to slow. Fee revenues remain in line with our expectations given the normal seasonal effects. On expenses, our outlook for the second half of 2016 is to be somewhat consistent with the first half. This includes the FDIC surcharge imposed on banks over $50 billion in size, which will add about $5 million per quarter to our FDIC assessment as well as our ongoing investment program. We remain focused on producing modest positive operating leverage on a year-over-year basis. We don't expect any additional merger-related expenses in connection with Hudson City. Our outlook for credit is little changed over the short-term. We're still not seeing pressures on credit, either non-accrual loans or charge-offs. Regarding our capital plan, we were delighted to receive no objection from our regulators to the plan we submitted in connection with the 2016 CCAR process. As you know, we plan to repurchase $1.15 billion of M&T common stock over the four-quarter period beginning July 1. In addition, the plan contemplates our board considering an increase in the common stock dividend to $0.75 per quarter in January of 2017. While there is no reason to expect we won't execute on this plan as proposed, I would remind you that all of these capital actions are subject to our normal capital governance policies and unexpected adverse macroeconomic events could impact our actions. Of course, as you're aware, our projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events, and other macroeconomic factors, which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. Now, let's open up the call to questions before which Paula will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: Your first question comes from Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matthew Derek O'Connor: Good morning.
Donald J. MacLeod: Good morning, Matt.
Matthew Derek O'Connor: To follow up on the expense outlook of back half of the year similar to the first half, I guess first, just to clarify, is that on a reported basis or ex merger charges?
Darren J. King: Ex merger charges because we think we're finished with those one times as of the second quarter. So if you take those out and look at what our total expenses were in the first half, probably close to where we'll be in the second half of the year.
Matthew Derek O'Connor: Okay. That helps. But I guess still like if I think about the back half, normally you have seasonality working in your favor since 1Q's high and you should still have cost saves coming in, I think, from Hudson City. So, I guess why flat versus down?
Donald J. MacLeod: Sure. I think there's a few factors going on there, Matt, which affect things. So, first of all, we've got the FDIC assessment going up $5 million a quarter right there. What you'll see is that when we look at our other cost of operations, which is really where we're focused, legal expenses are up in the second quarter and will likely continue at that pace in the third quarter and fourth quarter and possibly increase slightly as we go through our defense with some of the Wilmington Trust indictments that are out there. And we will be continuing to make the investments that we've been talking about in the franchise, especially continuing on path with technology. So, those are probably the big things that you'll see in there. Oh, and the other thing, of course, which I should mention, is we'll be right in the throes of some of the changes that will be happening in our marketplace in the third quarter and we'll probably spend a little more on advertising as we try to take advantage of the changes that are happening. So some of those things are kind of more permanent in nature, some of those – more permanent is probably a bad description. Some of those things will run their course over the rest of this year and some of them will probably take a little longer.
Matthew Derek O'Connor: Okay. And how much was the litigation this quarter?
Donald J. MacLeod: I think it was roughly an increase of $4 million from what it was in the first quarter of the year.
Matthew Derek O'Connor: Okay. Sorry, do you have that number handy or is it in the 10-Q that I can look it up? The first quarter level?
Donald J. MacLeod: Yes, I think it was about $14 million. That's what it was for the quarter.
Matthew Derek O'Connor: Okay. So, that will probably stay elevated for maybe the near-term, medium-term, but obviously longer-term would hopefully come down then?
Donald J. MacLeod: That's how we're thinking about it.
Matthew Derek O'Connor: Yes, okay. Thank you very much.
Donald J. MacLeod: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Geoffrey Elliott of Autonomous Research.
Geoffrey Elliott: Oh, hello, there. Thank you for taking the question. On the increase in deposit costs in the quarter coming, I think you said after Hudson City, could you remind us first of all the mechanics of why that's coming through now in 2Q when the deposits have been on the balance sheet for a couple of quarters?
Darren J. King: Yes, sure. I think really what you're seeing there is kind of what I would describe as a timing mismatch, that the rate of decrease in the Hudson City mortgage portfolio is about $900 million a quarter, and the rate of decrease in the time deposits, it has been closer to $100 million in the quarter. And that's been a conscious decision on our part to maintain that pricing while we get the branch staff ready to have a different conversation with those customers than they've had in the past. So because the mortgages are running off a little faster or a lot faster in this case than the time deposits are, the impact of those deposits on the margin is exaggerated.
Geoffrey Elliott: And when do you think you start having some of those discussions and figuring out whether the relationships with those deposit customers make sense and if they don't make sense, get to rid yourselves of some of the interest expense that comes through from them?
Darren J. King: So that process is going to begin this quarter, and will play itself out over the course of the third quarter and fourth quarter of this year. If you look at the book, it's relatively short. I think 75% of it is 12 months or less. So that's kind of the timeframe over which these discussions will happen and it's something that we'll be focused on obviously over the course of the coming quarters.
Geoffrey Elliott: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Eads of UBS.
David Eads: Hi, good morning.
Donald J. MacLeod: Good morning.
David Eads: So, you guys had really good growth on the CRE side this quarter. That's sort of been a hot topic recently with the concentration limits of smaller banks and OCC's outlook on risk in the markets. I'm just kind of curious, your view on the competitive environment there. Whether you're seeing other banks pull back? Whether you're seeing kind of irrational pricing or irrational terms in some market and just kind of where do you think we are there?
Donald J. MacLeod: Sure. I guess I'll offer a couple of thoughts as it relates to CRE. First, when we look at where our growth has come from, it's been fairly broad-based across our geographies and across property types, so we're not seeing any concentrations or things that we would point to that we would get worried about. When we look at pricing, I wouldn't say that it's going up, but it seems to have stabilized somewhat. So we feel better about that and when we look at the amount of equity that's in the deals, it's still at or above where things were back in 2006/2007. So I think the market's learned its lesson as far as that goes. When we look in our markets and where we're winning business, it doesn't seem to be at the moment, coming from any particular competitor that might have reached concentration limits but I know that's an issue that's out there. I think when we do see things that look a little crazy to us, either in terms of pricing or structure, it tends to be the non-bank lenders that are in that space, and we would tend to shy away from that and keep our powder dry.
David Eads: Great, that's helpful, and can you give any color on where the commercial pipelines are this quarter compared to last quarter? Or how things are shaping up for the rest of the year?
Donald J. MacLeod: Yes, sure. When we look at the commercial pipeline and where it stands right now, it's pretty similar to where it was at the end of the first quarter. So when we look forward, I guess I don't have a reason to believe right now that we'll see a meaningful decrease in the production levels, but we're also not anticipating any crazy upticks either.
David Eads: Great, thanks so much.
Donald J. MacLeod: No problem, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Thanks, good morning. One more follow-up on the net interest income side. To your point earlier about not potentially having the rate hikes, the loan growth and the remixing into securities seems to be a support, but underlying it you mentioned the three basis points of the core pressure and is that on an ex-rates basis how we should expect things to go from here which is that you're able to fight off the NIM pressure with the balance sheet growth?
Donald J. MacLeod: I think when we look at the NIM pressure and the ways that we fight it off, it's primarily with the deposit pricing and primarily with that CD book. Obviously, we'll use some of the proceeds, if you will, from the mortgage paydown to fund loan growth, but we'll need to supplement that on the deposit side. We think we've got ample funding between money that we have at the Fed as well as money that we have in savings account that we don't need to rely on that CD funding for growth. And as we can change that mix and bring the percentage of CDs on the balance sheet down somewhat, and/or bring down the average rate that we're paying, that's the biggest lever that we have to fight off that margin compression.
Ken Usdin: Right. So we might not see a lot of earning asset growth but you might be able to offset the core pressure with the remixing.
Donald J. MacLeod: I think that's probably a true statement. I think the challenge will be at least in the near-term over the next couple of quarters just making sure we can outrun the net interest income impact of the runoff or the payoffs in the residential mortgage book from Hudson City.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And on the fee side, just one quick question, the wealth business had a good quarter. I know some of that is seasonal. Are we seeing a bit more stability in that business now and was there any help from fee waiver recovery in that line as well?
Donald J. MacLeod: I guess the way I tend to think about that business is you got the seasonality part right. When you take that out, we still had a nice quarter. We had some good growth in the institutional part of the wealth business. We saw some customer balance acquisition. The financial markets, it looked like they were going to hurt us a little bit with Brexit but in the end have been okay. And then on the waiver recovery, there's always waiver recovery, but there's always offsets too, right, that there's some new business that you might do some pricing actions to get a customer to join the business. So, I think net, you could say that there was some waiver recovery but it would be modest. It wouldn't be a big driver of the increase.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Understood. Thank you.
Donald J. MacLeod: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pancari of Evercore.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Donald J. MacLeod: Good morning.
John Pancari: Wanted to see if you could talk a little bit about your plans for reinvestment of liquidity on the balance sheet and how you look at the securities book now, particularly given what we're looking at here on the longer end of the curve. Thanks.
Donald J. MacLeod: Yes, sure. I guess we're at an interesting point. Given where rates are and where the book sits today. I guess when we look at what some of the options are of where and how we can invest, the current yields on some of the investment options don't look particularly compelling. And I guess as the book pays down, we'll probably look to reinvest the paydowns back into the market, either in Ginnie Maes or Fannie Mae securities, but I don't think we're looking to really grow that book right now just given where interest rates are. We'd rather put the cash to work in loan business rather than in the securities book and try and keep that relatively flat unless we see a move in rates.
John Pancari: Okay. All right. No, that's helpful. Thanks. And then separately on the capital front, just wanted to get your updated thoughts in terms of where you stand on the regulatory obligations still tied to the Hudson City merger and then also how soon you could be out there with some potential interest in bank M&A again? Thanks.
Donald J. MacLeod: Sure. I guess as it relates to bank M&A, we've obviously – we continue to do our work to build our risk infrastructure, particular note was AML/BSA, but we continue to make great progress on the aspects of the written agreement that we were obligated to and we're nearing completion of those activities. But we have to finish our work so that the Fed can come in and do their work and hopefully remove the written agreement from us. We don't have a timeline on when that might happen but we're always hopeful that it will be soon, but you can't really control that. Could you repeat the question on Hudson City?
John Pancari: Well, no, it was just the regulatory obligations around that. You kind of just answered that with that answer. But I guess my second question was really just once you clear those hurdles, could you be back out there looking at potential bank M&A, particularly given some of the headwinds some of the smaller banks in your markets could be facing?
Donald J. MacLeod: Yes, if you've watched us through the years, you know that we've always been a bank that grows through acquisition, but we do complement it with organic growth. I think for all the reasons that we talked about when we did the Hudson City merger, we think that New Jersey is an attractive footprint for us in terms of customers that are there, both business customers as well as consumers. And it's a natural fit with our franchise. That said – and obviously with our capital levels, we're in a good capital position to do deals. All that said, we're not interested in doing a deal for a deal's sake. We're interested in doing things that are positive for our shareholders. And to us, that means accretive to earnings and capital and we'll be patient.
John Pancari: Great, thank you.
Donald J. MacLeod: Yes, no problem.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Ramsey of FBR.
Bob H. Ramsey: Hey, good morning.
Donald J. MacLeod: Good morning.
Bob H. Ramsey: Just wondering if you could talk about, with the CCAR authorization, I understand it's all sort of dependent on economic outlook, but is the idea that you sort of start off doing a quarter of the total authorization a quarter and then adjust as necessary as you go through the next 12 months? Or do you start off a little more cautious? Are the buybacks a little more front end loaded? How should we think about the pace of activity?
Donald J. MacLeod: Probably the best way to think about it is split evenly over the course of the four quarters.
Bob H. Ramsey: Great. Okay. And then I wonder now that Hudson City is done and closed and you've had a little bit of time with it under your belt, just curious if there have been any surprises, what kind of the biggest takeaways are and where you see the greatest opportunity from here?
Donald J. MacLeod: I guess, there haven't really been a lot of surprises that we would note, at least anything that stands out. I think we feel that the spot we're at with Hudson City is about where we expected to be at this point, kind of 120 days post a system conversion. There's work to be done to get the branch teams up to speed, especially from a thrift, up to speed on the breadth of products that we offer as well as learning the systems and then getting used to a sales environment. So that's kind of proceeding as we would expect. And as we mentioned, that's why we feel comfortable that now we're kind of ready to start taking the step that we're ready to take on the deposit pricing. And then for the commercial and business parts of the bank, we've been there actually with M&T bankers pretty much since shortly after the announcement date, so really our focus there has been to keep that group of people engaged. And since we got the deal done, they've been excited and have the ability now to work with the branches and offer more confidently the deposit side of the relationship. And then we've been out recruiting and we're trying to grow that business through people additions. I think the thing that we pay a lot of attention to is just like we pay a lot of attention to credit and we want to grow in that footprint. We're going to grow under the kind of terms and structure that we know is good business, so we're not going to rush it. And the same thing kind of applies to people, that we know that finding and adding to our teams, people that fit our culture and understand how we do business and think about relationship and think about good structure, it's more important to us that we get the right people on the teams rather than fill the spots quickly. So, I feel really good about where we are. I think we're tracking to where we would expect to be. And we just got to manage the pace that we talked about a little bit earlier on, which is the pace at which those mortgages run off and the pace at which we grow the commercial balances to offset that. But overall we're very pleased with where things are.
Bob H. Ramsey: Great, thank you.
Donald J. MacLeod: No problem.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Burnell of Wells Fargo Securities.
Matthew Hart Burnell: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just a question in terms of the commercial pipelines. You were saying that they were Iargely unchanged quarter-over-quarter. I guess I'm curious how much of the commercial growth, if you break it out this way, has come from legacy Hudson City markets and how much of that is coming from legacy M&T markets? Because it would seem to me that with the recent conversion you – one would have thought that you might have had a somewhat stronger pipeline in the second quarter. And we've also heard from a couple of other banks that commercial demand has slowed a little bit from the start of the year. So, maybe just a little more color on the commercial demand.
Donald J. MacLeod: Sure. Well, as you would expect, when you look at the New Jersey markets, the growth rates there on commercial loans are actually slightly higher than what you would see in the rest of the footprint. We kind of averaged, just get the number here, 38% growth in C&I this quarter, annualized. That's an annualized number. And 18% in commercial real estate in the quarter, which those are higher than what you would see in the footprint, but it's off a small base, right? So I think when you look at the total loan growth, we're pleased with how things are going in New Jersey. We are building the pipeline there and we are getting growth rates that are faster than what you would see across the rest of the footprint. But it takes time for the dollars to build, right? So the percentage of dollars of growth that New Jersey represents is still small and growing compared to the size of the legacy balances and footprint.
Matthew Hart Burnell: Okay. Thanks very much.
Donald J. MacLeod: No problem.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Doucette of KBW.
Brian Klock: Hey, Darren. Hey, this is Brian Klock. I had some technical difficulty there. So, can you hear me okay?
Darren J. King: Oh, they changed your name?
Brian Klock: No, it's me. Thanks for taking my call. I just wanted to follow up on the margin side. It looks like the C&I loan yields after the fourth quarter, the December hike, you've seen a positive carry through into the first quarter, and then you had another eight basis points expansion in the second quarter. So is there still repricing going on or was there any sort of recovery that impacted the second quarter or what do you expect to see from the C&I loan yields going forward then?
Darren J. King: There was a couple of big recoveries early in the second quarter, but I think when we look at pricing and loan yields, I guess I'd go back to what I mentioned before, that it feels like things are stabilizing and when we look at the yields of business – new business that have been originated, the yields bounce around a little bit but really have been pretty stable for about the last four months to six months. And obviously a lot of that's tied to LIBOR. So you've got to watch what's happening with LIBOR, which moves around a little bit, but overall pricing is pretty stable and I wouldn't expect to see big movements over the course of the coming quarters, either direction.
Brian Klock: So is there a sort of core margin, or the core C&I loan yield? Is it closer to the 3.39% from the first quarter, if you adjust for those recoveries? Or is it still something that's...
Darren J. King: It's probably in – yes, yes.
Brian Klock: Okay. Okay. All right. Thanks. I'll get back in the queue. Thanks.
Donald J. MacLeod: Yes. No problem.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. Good morning.
Darren J. King: Good morning.
Gerard Cassidy: Can you guys share with us, you pointed out in your quarterly numbers that your return on average common shareholders' equity was 8.38%, which generally is believed to be below most banks' cost of capital of around 9% to 10%. This company, pre-financial crisis, used to deliver ROEs of around 15%. Can you share with us how you expect – I know we're not expecting it to go back to 15% because of the increased capital levels, but can you share with us what you think you can do to get that above your cost of capital?
Darren J. King: I guess I'd offer a couple of thoughts. We spend a lot of time thinking about return on tangible common because that's one of the key binding constraints in CCAR and we focus a lot on that. When you look at the capital levels of where we were pre-crisis and where we are now, they're at least double.
Gerard Cassidy: Correct.
Darren J. King: So two elements to managing or thinking about returns as we go forward. One obviously starts with the capital we carry to run the bank. So that was part of our CCAR announcement and our CCAR ask, and we'll be continuing to look at the volatility of our earnings and our charge-off levels and continue to work on our capital policies to make sure that we were adequately capitalized but not overly capitalized. And that will help. The other thing that I guess we think about when we look at our return versus our cost of capital, when you look at the volatility of our charge-offs and you look at the volatility of our earnings, we would kind of think that our cost of capital will be towards the bottom end of the industry because our beta's lower. So when you look at that, we think our cost of capital would be below the average in the industry and we think that over time as we continue to make the changes to the business to improve profitability as well as return capital, that those would be the factors that we would be thinking about as we move the needle on returns up in a positive direction.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. Following up on your comments on CCAR, I congratulate you for using the mulligan. We wish more banks would do that. I notice that, if I recall correctly, the amount of capital that was reduced because of the CCAR process was considerably higher this year than last year. I think it was over 600 basis points this year and last year it was just under 300 basis points, if I recall. What caused that to be so much greater this time? And second, if it was totally due to the Hudson City deal, should we expect as you integrate that further that that kind of reduction in capital should be reduced on a go-forward basis?
Darren J. King: Yes, so, I guess a couple of thoughts on that. I'll be honest with you. I'm not as familiar with the 300 basis points and 600 basis points that you're mentioning, but I guess a couple of things that I think about. First off, if you think about the mulligan and how people use that, I guess I feel the need to kind of address that, that we didn't go into the process with the intention of using the mulligan. We followed our process and did our analysis of our PP&R and our capital levels under stress and we set our ask based on what we think is the target that we need to run the bank. I think what we saw is that there were some differences between our analysis and the Fed's and they built a process that gave people a chance to make an adjustment because they can see that they're looking at things differently than we are. They get to see the industry and we don't. And they built a process that I think is sound in allowing you to make that change. So we were fortunate that it was in place and we used it. I think when you think about our returns over the last three years, if you add in this year and the prior two years, we'd still be towards the bottom end of returns in the industry and we were cautious leading into the Hudson City acquisition because there's always uncertainty when you're doing a deal and we didn't want to have any issues. I think if you look on a going forward, we kind of see where our earnings are going, where our PP&R is going. We'll continue to make progress on our models and our loss rates and I think looking at the balance sheet and as the balance sheet changes, we feel like our capital levels, even with this buyback, will be pretty good and depending on what happens over the course of the next year, we'll be looking to continue to bring those levels down closer to, I guess, closer to what our targets are, and/or where we were when we passed CCAR over the prior couple of years.
Gerard Cassidy: Great, thank you.
Donald J. MacLeod: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jill Shea of Credit Suisse. Jill Shea - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Good morning. Thanks. Credit quality continues to be very strong and the provision run rate was down this quarter with the lower net charge-offs. Can you just touch on how you think about the total allowance percentage as you shift towards a more commercial loan mix over time and how we can think about the pace of reserve build as we look out?
Donald J. MacLeod: Yes, sure. And I think if you look at the bank pre Hudson City, where the mix of earning assets was more commercially oriented, as the Hudson City mortgages run off, which tend to have a lower loss rate, and the portfolio shifts to be a little more commercially-oriented, both C&I and CRE, that over time will shift and the allowance for losses will likely shift as the mix shifts. I think if you look at the quarter, charge-offs were very low for the quarter because we had a big recovery. I think if you look at how we feel about things going forward, the first quarter was probably a little high and the second quarter was probably a little low and we would expect to be somewhere in the middle of that as we go through at least the next couple quarters. Jill Shea - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Great, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Erika P. Najarian: Hi, good morning. I had a quick follow-up to Ken's line of questioning. Given your comments about modest earning asset growth and what you're doing on the liability side to defend the margin, can we see stability to maybe modest growth from that $863.8 million net interest income number ex any change in the yield curve? And also, maybe some more color on how you can manage the trust deposit volumes which is clearly bloating your cash. I think you alluded to that in your prepared remarks.
Donald J. MacLeod: Yes, so I guess starting with the net interest income. Over the next couple quarters, it's probably going to be tough to see any growth there just because of the rate or the expected rate of decrease in the residential mortgage portfolio from Hudson City. So that's a big hill for us to climb to get back to flat or positive. I think when you look at the margin itself, we think we've got some opportunity there that's in our control from the Hudson City time deposit book to bring that down to reduce the cost of funding the assets on the balance sheet and obviously we're seeing and expecting to see some continued growth on the commercial loan side. As it relates to trust deposits, I guess we could do something to turn those deposits away but when we look at it, it's a good deal for us because it requires no equity and we park the money at the Fed. And I think René had mentioned on prior calls, but I'll just remind you that with some of our business in the trust side, we get paid either in fees or in deposits. And in the current environment, many people are choosing to pay us in deposits. So while it reduces the margin in the short-term, it's positive for net interest income and for earnings. So we don't get too fussed about where the margin prints because of what's going on with trust demand deposits.
Erika P. Najarian: Got it. Thank you.
Donald J. MacLeod: No problem.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Zerbe of Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe: Thank you. Good morning.
Donald J. MacLeod: Good morning.
Ken Zerbe: A question on expenses. The guidance that you gave, the second half's going to be roughly equal to the first half ex the merger charges. I'm going to go out on a limb and say it's probably a fair bit higher than what I was building in, maybe consensus was building in for second half. But when we think about 2017, obviously you get some further cost savings related to Hudson City, but are we also looking at more of a parallel shift higher in expenses in 2017, or just trying to think of if there's any offsets to the increase. Thanks.
Donald J. MacLeod: Yes, so here's how I think about it. When you look at the expense increases that are going on, I'll bucket them into a couple of categories. So if we start with savings from Hudson City, we've largely achieved that. There's maybe a little bit to come through the back half of the year, but it might take a little longer on some of those pieces as we work through ORE and expenses like that. When you look at the run rate for the rest of the year, there's change in the deposit charge, the FDIC charge, and that will go up in the third quarter. We think it will start to move a little bit down in time as we change the mix of assets and liabilities on the balance sheet. We've got some increases for events, I would call them, one of them being the change that we see happening in our marketplaces and what we'll spend on some advertising dollars to take advantage of that. And then we've got the other event that is going on and will through the end of the year which is the legal things that are happening. So, those will elevate expenses for the back half of this year. I wouldn't expect them to carry on all through 2017, right? So the advertising we know pretty certain what will happen with that because there's a time limit to that. With the legal stuff, we know we have a trial date in January but those dates can change, so I don't want to get too crazy on that. But that's part of what's driving some of that expense. When you look at the other places where we're investing, it continues to be in technology and that will move around a little bit quarter-to-quarter, but that's some of where the increase was in this quarter and some of that will be continuing on through 2016, 2017.
Ken Zerbe: All right. Thank you. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your final question comes from Frank Schiraldi of Sandler O'Neill.
Frank Joseph Schiraldi: Hello. Thank you for taking the question. Just one quick one. Just trying to get a sense on the potential for repricing deposits from Hudson City customers. How do we think about – in terms of if it's a customer, you look at it, you want to retain, do you expect you are going to continue to sort of operate this two-tier payment or pricing model or do you think it's going to be a much tougher conversation in terms of if you remain an M&T customer, you accept sort of M&T CD pricing? And I'm wondering just how far over the next 12 months we could see that repricing and how front loaded that would be over the next two quarters versus the next 12 months?
Darren J. King: Sure. So I guess if you think about the conversation with these customers, it probably goes and ends one of three ways. So one way is we say to someone who's a CD only customer, here's the rate we're offering to people that only have CDs with us. That rate will be lower than what they're earning today and would be more in line with what we're likely offering in our existing markets. The customer can choose that or they can choose another alternative, which would be to broaden their relationship, maybe bring a checking account relationship with them where they have their paycheck deposited. And if they bring that to us, then their rate would stay roughly where it is, but we would get the benefit, if we add the low cost deposit from the checking account and that really opens up some fee income opportunities through debit card interchange that goes with checking accounts or other maintenance fees that go with those accounts. And then the last option is if they don't like the rate that we're offering them standalone and they choose not to broaden their relationship with us, they may choose to leave and go elsewhere looking for a yield that suits their needs. And so what we'll see over time is we'll see probably a combination of two things. We'll see a decrease in the rate that we're paying and we'll also see a decrease in the balances that sit within those time accounts. And the combination of those two things is what will help reduce the interest expense and help manage some of that margin compression that we were talking about.
Frank Joseph Schiraldi: Okay.
Darren J. King: Like I said before, I don't have the exact numbers in front of me, but when you look at the book, the vast majority of it, I think it's about a $12 billion book and three quarters of it we'll reprice over the course of the next 12 months. So there you're talking about $9 billion that we'll reprice over the course of the next 12 months. And I think there's a little bit of front loaded to the third quarter based on my recollection, but if you think about it, fairly evenly split across those quarters. That would be a good way to think about it.
Frank Joseph Schiraldi: Okay and is the majority of that money, that $12 million, is that CD only customers right now or is that not the case?
Darren J. King: I guess it's a good chunk of it. When we look at that portfolio, it's probably 75% to 80% single service and would be CD oriented. So that's – I'm just trying to think about it in balances and reflect on some of the numbers I've seen, but I don't have that exact information off the top of my head so I don't want to misquote.
Frank Joseph Schiraldi: Okay. All right, great. Thank you.
Donald J. MacLeod: Yes, no problem.
Operator: This concludes today's question-and-answer session. I will now turn the floor back over to Mr. Don MacLeod for any additional or closing remarks.
Donald J. MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, if clarification of any of the items on the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department at area code 716-842-5138.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes your program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-18 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the M&T Bank First Quarter 2016 earnings conference call. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Don MacLeod, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Donald MacLeod: Thank you, Laurie, and good morning. This is Don MacLeod. I'd like to thank you all for participating on M&T's first quarter 2016 earnings conference call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website, www.mtb.com, and by clicking on the Investor Relation link. Also, before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to SEC filings including those found on forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now I'd like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, René Jones.
René Jones: Thank you, Don, and good morning, everyone. As noted in this morning's press release, M&T's results for the first quarter reflected strong growth in net interest income, which was driven by an expansion of the net interest margin and solid loan growth, controlled operating expenses stable credit performance. All of these contributed to an 11% growth in diluted net operating earnings per share over last year's first quarter. As noted on the January call, we closed the merger with Hudson City and restructured its balance sheet in last year's fourth quarter. In the first quarter, we completed the migration of Hudson City's customers to M&T's products and services, as well as the conversion of its branches, systems and operations onto M&T's platform. Hudson City's risk management framework has been fully integrated into M&T's risk governance structure, and our task now is to continue the evolution of Hudson City from what was essentially a monoline thrift into a real commercial bank, which will of course take some time. Overall, we feel the first quarter was a productive one. As we usually do, I'll start by reviewing a few of the highlights from M&T's first quarter results, after which Don and I will be happy to take your questions. Turning to the results, diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $1.73 for the first quarter of 2016, improved from $1.65 in both the first quarter and the fourth quarter of 2015. Net income for the quarter was $299 million, up 10% from $271 million in the linked quarter, and up 24% from $242 million in the year-ago quarter. Consistent with our long-term practice, M&T provides supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis from which we exclude the after-tax effect of amortization of intangible assets as well as expenses associated with mergers and acquisition. After-tax expense from the amortization of intangible assets was $7 million or $0.05 per common share in the recent quarter compared with $4 million or $0.03 per share in last year's first quarter and $6 million or $0.04 per share in the fourth quarter. Also included in the first quarter results were $23 million of pre-tax merger-related charges in the form of non-interest expense, incurred in connection with the Hudson City acquisition. This equates to $14 million after-tax or $0.09 per common share. Merger-related charges in the fourth quarter included $76 million of non-interest expense, and $21 million of loan loss provision. Combined, those amounted to $61 million after-tax or $0.40 per common share. There were no such charges in the first quarter of 2015. M&T's net operating income for the first quarter, which excludes intangible amortization and the merger-related expenses, was $320 million compared with $246 million in last year's first quarter and $338 million in the linked quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $1.87 for the recent quarter, up 11% from $1.68 in the year-ago quarter. That figure was $2.09 in last year's fourth quarter. Net operating income yielded annualized rates of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders' equity of 1.09% and 11.62% for the recent quarter. The comparable returns were 1.21% and 13.26% in the fourth quarter 2015. And in accordance with the SEC guidelines, this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP, non-GAAP results, including tangible assets and equity. Turning to the balance sheet and the income statement; taxable equivalent net interest income was $878 million for the first quarter of 2016, improved by $65 million or approximately 8% from the linked quarter. About $45 million or some 70% of that increase reflects the full quarter of Hudson City's results compared with two months in last year's fourth quarter. Contributing to the growth in net interest income was a six basis point expansion of the net interest margin to 3.18%, up from 312 basis points in the fourth quarter. The primary driver of that increase was the full quarter effect from the Fed's mid-December action to increase short-term interest rates, while the benefit from the day count in the shorter quarter was largely offset by the dilutive impact from a higher level of deposits placed at the Fed. Average loans increased by 8% or $6.5 billion compared to the linked quarter. This included a 27% or $5.5 billion increase in residential mortgage loans, which primarily reflects the impact from the full quarter of Hudson City results. Looking at the other loan categories, on an average basis compared with the linked quarter, commercial and industrial loans increased $497 million or an annualized 10%. Commercial real estate loans increased $452 million or about 6% annualized. Consumer loans grew at an annualized 1%, with growth in indirect auto loans offset by a decline in other consumer loan categories. The loan growth was broad-based, excluding the impact from Hudson City mortgage loans, we saw a 6% annualized growth in upstate New York, 5% annualized growth in our Metro region, which includes New York City and New Jersey, 9% annualized growth in Pennsylvania, and 4% annualized growth in Baltimore, Washington, Delaware region. I'd note that end-of-period loans grew by 2% annualized with a 15% annualized decline in residential mortgages more than offset by 9% annualized growth in other loan categories. Average core customer deposits, which exclude deposits received in M&T's Cayman Islands office and CDs over $250,000 increased by an annualized 32% from the fourth quarter, also reflecting the impact from Hudson City. Turning to non-interest income, non-interest income totaled $421 million in the first quarter compared with $448 million in the prior quarter. Mortgage Banking revenues were $82 million in the first quarter compared with $88 million in the prior quarter, largely the result of a $5 million decline in Commercial Mortgage Banking revenues to about $22 million, down from $27 million in what was a solid fourth quarter. Similarly, credit-related fees were lower by $14 million, coming off what was also a very strong fourth quarter. That decline is largely related to fees that are often event-driven, such as a syndication fee and can vary somewhat from quarter-to-quarter. Several fee categories were impacted by the typical seasonal factors that we see. For example, fee income from deposit service charges provided was $102 million during the first quarter compared with $106 million in the linked quarter, and trust income was also down modestly. Turning to expenses, operating expenses for the first quarter which exclude merger-related expenses and the amortization of intangible assets were $741 million compared with $701 million in the prior quarter. We continue to be pleased that we've kept expenses relatively stable, while absorbing Hudson City, as well as funding our technology and other initiatives. This is reflected in our efficiency ratio, which was 57.0% for the first quarter, improved by 450 basis points from 61.5% in the year-ago quarter. We estimate that approximately 280 basis points of that improvement is attributable to the merger, and 170 basis points is from M&T's legacy operation, the result of our ability to grow revenues at a faster pace than expenses following several years of strengthening our infrastructure. The efficiency ratio was 55.5% in last year's fourth quarter. As usual, the first quarter comparison with the fourth quarter reflects our normal seasonal increase in salaries and benefits relating to accelerated recognition of equity compensation expense for certain retirement-eligible employees, the 401(k) match and the annual reset in Social Security or FICA payments, and similar items. Those items accounted for an approximate $40 million increase in salaries and benefits from the fourth quarter, similar to last year. As usual, those seasonal factors will decline by some $30 million to $35 million as we enter the second quarter. One item worth noting is the increase in FDIC assessment to $25 million in the first quarter from $20 million in the fourth quarter. This reflects in part the fact that one component of the FDIC's assessment calculator looks back at Hudson City's earnings and treats them as if the Hudson City merger had been in place for the entire year, instead of just the final two months of 2015, and notwithstanding the fact that Hudson City paid its own FDIC assessment as an independent company through the first three quarters of 2015. This factor will normalize as we move later into the year. Also, as you know, the FDIC has imposed a surcharge on large banks to recapitalize the deposit insurance fund more quickly, likely starting in the third quarter. We estimate that this will add about $5 million per quarter to our assessment expense, starting in the third quarter. Next, let's turn to credit. Our credit quality remains in line with our expectations, which is to say strong, with continued low levels of non-accrual loans and net charge-offs. Non-accrual loans increased to $877 million and the ratio of non-accrual loans to total loans was 1% at the end of the recent quarter. The $77 million increase from the end of the fourth quarter is primarily attributable to Hudson City mortgages. As you know, loans obtained from Hudson City that were 90 days past due as of the acquisition date, were recorded as purchased impaired loans. And in accordance with GAAP interest continues to accrue on those loans despite their delinquency status. Appropriately, those specific acquired loans were not in the non-accrual balances as of either March 31, 2016, or December 31, 2015. The higher level of non-accrual loans at the end of the first quarter reflects the normal migration of approximately $80 million of previously performing loans that became more than 90 days past due during the recent quarter. And which could not be deemed as impaired at the acquisition date, because they were paying at the time of the merger. As a result, we should continue to see a migration of the Hudson City loans acquired at a premium into and eventually out of non-accrual status as this process normalizes to a more steady state through the passage of time. Net charge-offs for the first quarter were $42 million compared with $36 million in the fourth quarter. During the first quarter of 2016, M&T charged off loans associated with consumers who were either deceased or filed for bankruptcy. That, in accordance with GAAP had previously had been considered when determining the level of allowance for credit loss. Such charge-offs totaled $14 million in the recent quarter, and included $11 million of loan balances with a current payment status. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were 19 basis points for the first quarter, up slightly from 18 basis points in the previous quarter, and matching the figure we reported for each of the past two calendar years. The provision for credit losses was $49 million for the recent quarter, exceeding net charge-offs by $7 million. And the allowance for credit losses was $963 million amounting to 1.10% of total loans at the end of March. Loans 90 days past due, which continue to accrue interest, excluding the acquired loans that have been marked at fair value at the acquisition were $336 million at the end of the recent quarter. Of these loans $279 million or 83% are guaranteed by government-related entity. Turning to capital, M&T's Common Equity Tier 1 ratio under the current transitional Basel III capital rules was an estimated 11.06%, little change from 11.08% at the end of 2015. Recall that the capital plan M&T submitted in connection with the 2015 CCAR process, and which received no objection from the Federal Reserve, included the repurchase of $200 million of common stock over the first half of 2016. We began execution of that buyback program in January and expect to complete it by the end of the second quarter. In addition, because the completion of the Hudson City merger occurred later than contemplated in the capital plan submission, we did not pay all of the projected dividends associated with the M&T common stock that was issued as merger consideration. As disclosed previously, the distribution of that capital, some $54 million, is being redirected into the repurchase program for the second quarter of 2016. Now, turning to the outlook, as is our usual practice without giving specific earnings guidance, we'd like to offer our thoughts as to how we're tracking against the outlook for the full-year that we gave to you on the January call. Loan growth this past quarter was largely in line with or slightly better than our expectations with solid growth in commercial loans in both commercial and industrial and commercial real estate loans, partially offset by slower growth in consumer loans and the expected decline in residential real estate loan. We were pleased with the strong performance of our net interest margin. Our outlook on the January call for stable net interest margin was predicated on two increases in the Fed's funds target in the calendar year 2016. More recently, the forward curve is implying one increase in mid-year, which would still be a benefit. To some extent, the margin is dampened by our decision to maintain pricing on Hudson City's time deposits, which we will revisit over time. Fee revenues are in line with our expectations given the normal seasonal effects that we talked about. As is normally the case, we would expect the seasonal increase in salaries and benefits during the first quarter to reverse itself again to the tune of some $30 million to $35 million in the second quarter, and we remain on track with realizing our expected cost savings from the merger. Overall, our basic outlook for expenses is unchanged; we remain focused on producing modest positive operating leverage on a year-over-year basis. Our outlook for credit is little changed over the short-term, while we've had little or no impact from the energy-related credit headwinds that others are seeing; the current low level of losses has persisted for over two years. Overall, our areas of focus for 2016 are fairly straightforward and relatively consistent with what we've talked about in the past, to continue to improve the efficiency of our balance sheet with an emphasis on building out our commercial banking profile in New Jersey; to manage the revenue expense dynamic to produce positive operating leverage; to capitalize on the M&A-driven disruptions within our footprint; and to optimize our capital structure while conforming with both regulatory capital threshold, as well as the annual stress test. Of course, as you are aware, our projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth; changes in interest rates, political events and other macroeconomic factors, which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. So now, let's open up the call to questions before, which Laurie, will briefly review the instructions. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Brian Klock of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Donald MacLeod: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Klock: Hey, good morning, Don and René.
René Jones: Good morning.
Brian Klock: So René, with the loan growth, end-of-period loan growth was very strong in the C&I book. So interesting, it seems like the Gary Keith survey that he did in February seem to be directionally down sort of like the NFIB survey that came out a week ago, that seem to be more negative. But it seem like the loan growth, may be later in the quarter, picked up on the C&I side, so maybe, can you talk about what you guys saw, and was it in certain regions that you saw stronger C&I growth than others?
René Jones: Not really, and I think, Brian, I try to give those total loan growth numbers which were driven mostly by, obviously commercial. And it was pretty strong across the board, maybe slightly more leaning towards commercial real estate in Western New York, but other than that, C&I growth was strong across the board. I think, the thing that impressed me most was, we get our results, and we look at them, but then in preparing for the call, we tend to look at the quality. So what is the quality of the loans book? What's the pricing? And we were able to get the growth without seeing any deterioration in the margins and the total returns that we were getting on that population of loans. And one of the other things that I think was interesting is that, in some of our markets, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Upstate New York, and to some extent in Washington, D.C. and New York City, we saw, the margins actually on – new deals come up maybe, 20 basis points to 25 basis points, which we, I guess, estimate that, that had to do with the widening spreads that we saw in the capital markets, and the slowdown in the CMBS market, it had some small effect. So I was very encouraged by what we saw, I thought the pace was pretty even, and I think our pipelines continue to remain fairly robust.
Brian Klock: Okay. So again, so the outlook is for overall loan growth to still be muted by the rising mortgage run-off coming out of Hudson, but do you think the C&I in commercial real estate would be as strong as it was in the first quarter?
René Jones: Let's say this – we're going to stick with our outlook for January. We're really pleased with this quarter. It may get a little lumpy here and there, but I don't see anything that suggests that, things feel a little better than they did for the whole of last year when we started out.
Brian Klock: Okay. And then one last question, can you breakout – out of the residential mortgage decline, linked quarter, how much of that was Hudson City versus core M&T?
René Jones: There wouldn't be any of the decline. Remember, almost all of the decline, Brian, is on the commercial side, so – and that's coming off a pretty strong first quarter. We had about a 10% increase in our quarter-end pipeline for residential mortgages, so we started off slow. We kind of made up for it, and as we went into April here, the volume still remains pretty decent. And then Hudson City, I don't have the exact numbers, but we did begin – we do have production, the first quarter of production that we would have seen in doing the normal agency stuff that we sell into the market.
Brian Klock: Okay. Thanks for your time, René.
René Jones: Sure. Thanks, Brian.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe of Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe: Great. Good morning.
René Jones: Good morning.
Ken Zerbe: First question, just in terms of the Hudson City loans that went non-accrual, the $80 million, just so I have a sense of magnitude, is that a normal-sized quarter? Was it little heavier, little weaker? Just trying to get a sense of how much we should be expecting going forward?
René Jones: Yeah. I mean, it's a normal pace. So we were seeing probably, I mean, I'll just do this roughly, $25 million a month roll into the delinquency status. But had we not done the acquisition accounting, you would see a similar amount roll-out. So I'm sitting next to Mike Spychala, so he's always going to kick me when I say this, but as a rough proxy this quarter, if you go in the press release, and you look at page 11, you'll see there's a – we disclose purchased impaired loans. You'll see that those came down $80 million, right? So those would be the ones that are still in accrual status, and so you'll get a normal migration in, and a normal migration out. So I think what that means is, as a percentage – non-performing as a percentage of that book, it will continue to rise, I would expect at about the same pace that it is – that you saw this quarter.
Ken Zerbe: Got it. Okay. That helps. And then just with expenses, the $30 million, $35 million seasonal that comes out in second quarter, just want to make sure that we're using the right base. The $753 million that you reported this quarter, I know there's just a lot of moving parts with Hudson City, but is that the right base to use, so you're sort of in a $720 million range next quarter, or is there any other moving pieces?
René Jones: I'm using, which you might not be able to see, but I'm using $741 million.
Ken Zerbe: Oh, ex-amortization?
René Jones: Yeah, because remember, you've got, what you also have in the numbers, you have stuff like, you can't see the one-time expenses that are in the salaries, all right? So if you take out the merger-related expenses, and you take out the amount, you're at $741 million. And when I say, $30 million to $35 million, I mean off of that number.
Ken Zerbe: Okay. But off of that number, that is the right base to use?
René Jones: Yes.
Ken Zerbe: Okay. All right. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pancari of Evercore ISI.
René Jones: Hi, John.
John Pancari: Good morning. Just wanted to ask on the fee income side, again, around service charges. I know you gave us little bit of color around seasonality. I know on a year-over-year basis, service charges were flat. How should we think about what's going on there, and how to think about the growth as we model out?
René Jones: I mean, I don't – I'll start by saying, I don't see anything unusual in those numbers. We know that commercial mortgage origination fee income tends to be lumpy. You saw that. We talked last quarter about the fact that the third and fourth quarters in commercial loan fees was very, very strong, so that bounced back down. I would expect that to come back at some point, and continue to be a little bit lumpy. You just can't predict exactly how it's going to work. So there was nothing there that really concerned me. I didn't change my outlook or view of what's going to happen for the year based on what I saw this quarter.
John Pancari: Okay and you would say the same thing around the trust income? Obviously that was impacted by the market, etcetera, nothing really changing your view there?
René Jones: No, let me explain that a little bit. To me there's maybe three factors there. The market which you mentioned was probably a third of that, so $1 million. And then we do have income from affiliate managers, and we also offer collective funds to other relationships that we have. And essentially, you remember that both of those are down, a little seasonal, a little bit about the balance is just being lower because of market participation. On the collective funds, you get almost an equal offset on the expenses, because, right, you're just passing that through, so that was probably a third. And then, I think the last piece is probably just a bit of seasonal stuff for tax reporting and those types of things, you see bounce back in the second quarter.
John Pancari: Okay. All right. And then lastly, just wanted to get a little bit more color on the efficiency ratio? Kind of follow-up to Ken's question, but at the current level, what are your expectations for full year efficiency, how we should think about that? Thanks.
René Jones: Okay. Well, I think, what I've been doing is, I just simply look at the first quarter results relative to last year's first quarter. And then I superimpose that performance over on the full year. And I think – as I said, obviously we got benefit from Hudson City, but we've got a substantial benefit right now from the core M&T operations. And I think our job is to sort of maintain that, and again, we're just looking for, over a long period of time, some modest spread between the two. So I don't have a number on top of my head, but I think if you do that, you probably get somewhere around 54.5% or somewhere in 54% range, but you can do that.
John Pancari: Yeah. Got it. Thanks, René.
René Jones: Yep.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Ramsey of FBR.
Bob Ramsey: Hey. Good morning. Hoping you could elaborate a little bit, I know you mentioned that you all are maintaining CD pricing on the Hudson City deposit base, and just kind of curious, sort of what the timeline looks for that? How you've, I guess what the interactions have been like with Hudson City customers so far? When you think you'll be able to start to migrate that deposit base?
René Jones: Well, I think the first thing I would say, Bob, is that, we're sort of set up, right, because we spent the whole quarter getting ourselves on the same platforms and system. And we spent also the whole quarter with our folks from legacy M&T in the retail bank sitting side-by-side with the new Hudson City employees. And so, that training has been ongoing. And I think, we will need more time, some part of this year, to make sure that those balances stick around, and that we have the opportunity to interact with those customers over time. One of the things that you're seeing is that, we're getting about – our pre-payment speeds on the mortgage book of 15%, so say $300 million a month. But we haven't really seen the similar run-off in the time deposit book, because we're maintaining those prices in an effort to reach out to contact those customers through the course of the year. When we talk about some diminishment of our margin, that's embedded in our margin at the top of the house. So while we're calling for a stable margin for the full year, I wouldn't be surprised to see a couple of basis point decline next quarter, and you'll see, that will be solely the effect of maintaining those, that sort of higher time account balances, and pricing, but that's totally in our control. So at some point, as we target the customers that we're very focused on getting, and that there's a very high probability that we can convert, the rest of the book will just revert that process to normal rational pricing that we want to do in New Jersey, and that should give us some benefit. But we're not in a rush. We've got the ability to introduce ourselves to those clients, so we're going to make sure we do that.
Bob Ramsey: Okay, that's helpful. And could you remind me when you talk about a stable margin for the year, are you sort of talking about stable at this 3.18% level or stable to the 3.14% for the full-year last year? Or was it somehow an adjusted number that included Hudson City?
Donald MacLeod: We were talking about stable to last year's 4Q, which was indicative of the post-merger, so 3.12%.
Bob Ramsey: So, 3.12% is still sort of full year, where you guys expect to shake out?
Donald MacLeod: Yeah.
Bob Ramsey: Okay.
René Jones: I don't think I expect significant change during the course of the year. And if we were to keep our position where we're offering the current rates in New Jersey and the Metro market, my sense is that that any Fed rate hike of 25 basis points more than offsets it, and we'll manage those two. So somewhere between what Don said, and where we were this quarter, it's probably the right answer, but it's stable is the way to think about it.
Bob Ramsey: Okay, great. And then last question and I'll hop out, but nice to see the uptick in loan yields. I know you mentioned that reflected the Fed increase. Just curious, if from where we sit today, is that fully factored in? Or is there any sort of lagged follow-on benefit that you should see in the second quarter from what the Fed has already done?
René Jones: No, I think it's fully factored in right now.
Bob Ramsey: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Eads of UBS.
René Jones: Hi, David.
David Eads: Hi. Good morning. Maybe if we could – on the – you talked a little bit about the FDIC extent. Just want to kind of confirm, is it fair to think about you've got a little bit of improvement from the assessment based on in Hudson City, kind of rolling-off and then you guys step up in 3Q, so basically it's kind of flattish through the rest of the year? Is that a reasonable way to think about it?
René Jones: Yeah, directionally that's right. We should see that increase we saw now roll-off by the end of the year, but then we're going to add five per quarter for the assessment. So a fair way to look at it.
David Eads: All right. And then it was helpful to talk about the 170 basis point of core efficiency improvement. Is that kind of in the fairway of when you talk about your kind of modest efficiency improvement? Or if you – or is that kind of on the upper end, where if you continued there, you might want to front-load some of the technology expenses, you feel like you'd have more ability to do that?
René Jones: Well, two things. Remember, what you're seeing in this quarter is the work from last year, and that has a lot to do with – we talked about a lot of professional services that were in place that came down over the course of the year. We've only begun to really ramp up our technology spend. So to give you some sense, our technology spend this quarter was about $20 million higher than it was a year ago in the first quarter. And my sense is that, that will continue to ramp up to the third and fourth quarters before it hits the run rate level. And that's why when we get the additional savings from the Hudson City, that should dampen that somewhat, and so you won't really see a big change, is my guess, overall.
David Eads: Okay. That makes sense. And it is a good baseline to go from. All right, well, thanks for taking the question.
René Jones: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matthew O’Connor: Hi, René.
René Jones: Hi, Matt.
Matthew O’Connor: Can you remind us the money market waivers within the trust fees, how much they were in the fourth quarter? I assume you got some improvement there this quarter. And then how much is left if short-term rates go up further?
René Jones: Well, I think – I'm going to answer your first question in a minute, but I think, yeah, you're right. The full impact is in the quarter unless we were to see another rate increase. And I'm just not – I don't have the amount off the top of my head.
Donald MacLeod: We got back to the proverbial couple of million. The waivers we've previously disclosed would be just less that.
René Jones: $6 million to $12 million a year?
Donald MacLeod: No, it's more like $30-ish million.
René Jones: I'm sorry.
Donald MacLeod: Run rate.
René Jones: So $6 million in the quarter?
Donald MacLeod: I don't think we got that much.
René Jones: Somewhere around there should be the full effect of a quarter. It'd be about, I think, it's about $6 million, but I'm just doing that off the top of my head.
Donald MacLeod: But just to expand on that a little bit, the guys are a little worried about our ability to fully recoup all the waivers given the fundamental changes that are happening in the money market industry. For example, the migration of settlement accounts from prime funds into government funds, and how will corporate customers take the redemption restrictions on prime funds and will they choose to go to other alternatives.
René Jones: Yeah. Then I think, our view on that is that, we'd be more conservative, so less income in the near-term, but over time maybe more later, but not this year.
Matthew O’Connor: And I guess, just more broadly speaking, I mean, I feel like there had been some changes in the trust business, maybe back-half of last year. I mean, how are you thinking about outside of market movement impacting that line? How are you thinking about the business, and is there expense rightsizing you need to do, maybe for example for things like not getting the money market fee waivers back over time or just kind of more broadly how do you think about the business?
René Jones: Yeah, thanks for that, I'm glad you started that way, because we've spent, I don't know a good 18 months at essentially getting rid of parts of the business that we didn't really think we had a strategic focus on. And so, you saw that year-over-year with the retirement business – a portion of retirement business that we got rid of. We've also gotten rid of a number of affiliated managers or those balances have run down. So I think, you're starting to get to sort of the core of what we would keep going forward. And underneath, things are going very, very well both in the Global Capital Markets portion of the Institutional Client Service business, and as well as in the Wealth side, and my sense is that, that still has an underlying growth of 4% or 5% in the revenue space, but more importantly it's a heavy-expense business. And so, what we've been focused on, and I believe we're starting to make really good traction on is sort of streamlining the back office, which comes in a couple of forms, right, it's sort of – now that we've got all of our controls in place, we're beginning to change our statementing process, we're beginning to change our on-boarding process, which has an impact of freeing up expenses, but it also improves the service quality. And so, I think we'll be at that for at least another year or so. And it should, from a bottom line perspective continue to grow. Bottom line, both of those businesses have grown every year since we brought them on board. So we're pretty pleased with where they're going.
Matthew O’Connor: Kind of just lastly, I'll stick on this topic here, I mean, holding the markets constant, do you think you can grow revenues in this segment? And then on the expense side, how much costs actually do come out as you streamline the back-office you were just talking about?
René Jones: Yeah. No, I do think that – I'm absolutely positive that we can continue to grow revenues in this space. Remember, one of the things, I guess, I would share with you is, think about this, in many places, we're getting paid in balances, right? So be careful, just looking at that trust line, because in the Global Capital Markets business, we're making a choice, either as we sign up new business sometimes we're getting paid in fees, sometimes we're getting paid in balances. And so, it's hard for you to see that total picture. And I would look, Matt, at – don't look for an expense number, because we're investing in that business. And so, I would say widening margins is really what we're focused on. And so, you might not see an expense decline somewhere in there, but you should expect to see the whole business grow in the margins, and the bottom line widen.
Matthew O’Connor: Okay. If I may make a suggestion, more detail on that business overall might be helpful. Because I just feel like it's been in a decline from a revenue point of view as you've been kind of changing the mix, and it may be helpful to show broader business, how it's performing longer-term, if you want to consider?
René Jones: We'll think about it. Thank you.
Matthew O’Connor: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marty Mosby of Vining Sparks.
Marty Mosby: Good morning, René and Don. I wanted to ask you one quick one, restructure charges, are we getting towards the end of that with integration of Hudson City or do we have a couple more quarters to go there?
René Jones: I think we're thinking maybe $10 million, maybe $14 million somewhere in there, more, most of which should be next quarter.
Marty Mosby: And then with the transition of Mortgage Banking from Hudson City coming on board, are you kind of seeing now, it's kind of shifting out in a sense of what's going to go on the balance sheet and portfolio, and what really is going to be securitized and just on origination capacity?
René Jones: Yeah, I mean, the large majority of what we produce there, I think you'll get a better up and running view maybe next quarter and the quarter after what that volume looks like, but all of that is, the majority is going to be sold, and where it's not, and what it's done for our balance sheet, it will be specifically either retaining certain target customers that are with us already and balances, maybe because they happen to own a business or have a profile that we would like to see if we could bank them. But I think that will be harder to see as a segment. I would tend to focus on that government-related type business we're putting into the securitization market.
Marty Mosby: And then when you talked about the servicing income being down, was that the $5 million from the commercial side or was there any write-downs in servicing income related to the drop in long-term rates towards the end of the quarter?
René Jones: No write-downs, and if I use the word servicing, I might have misspoke. It's commercial mortgage origination income that was – in fact that was down.
Marty Mosby: Yeah, that's what's you had highlighted, just in the press release there was something about servicing income, so that helps. Thanks.
Donald MacLeod: A little bit of the pressure on the commercial side was servicing, but more of it was lower origination.
Marty Mosby: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Burnell of Wells Fargo Securities.
René Jones: Good morning.
Matthew Burnell: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just – René, maybe a question for you related to deposit pricing, it looks like that was held pretty stable despite Fed's action in December. And you gave us some good information in terms of the loan growth by market. I guess, I'm curious if you're seeing any deposit pricing competition, and I guess, I'm specifically focusing on Upstate New York, given some of the upheaval in that market that's been announced over the last few months?
René Jones: No. No, not yet. Not seeing anything in any emerging yet. We're all seeing a little bit more on the advertising front, and those types of things, but nothing that really has affected our book at this point in time, but it's early.
Matthew Burnell: Okay, fair enough. And then just as a second question, you mentioned it would take a little bit of time to train the Hudson City team to be more of a true commercial bank; how long do you think that, that will take?
René Jones: Well, look, the folks are fantastic, as are ours. And so, I think the pure training will be done over the course of this summer, I think we'll be well on our way. The thing that takes a long time is converting a thrift platform into a commercial bank, and quite frankly, it may be a better description that you actually are creating a commercial bank while you are rightsizing a thrift; that's probably a better way to think about it. We've done it before, we did it in Syracuse, it just takes time. But on an incremental basis, I hear a lot of folks are writing about, well maybe M&T's balance sheet won't grow that fast, but the growth is never how we think about it. We think about transforming the quality of that book. And so, if we can make New Jersey look more like a full-service commercial bank with also retail capabilities, each year or so you will see a difference, and it will improve the overall profitability profile. So it just takes time.
Matthew Burnell: And then, just finally, René, you've got a reserve to loans ratio at 110 basis points, it's obviously down year-over-year due to Hudson City. But you did build the reserve a little bit this quarter, I guess, I'm curious how you're thinking about that trend over the course of 2016?
René Jones: Similar to what you saw from the fourth to the first. And then if I broaden your questions over time, I would expect that to migrate back up as, again, similarly, as we end up with a book that looks more like a commercial book, and not a residential mortgages which tend to have a fairly low loss rate, I would guess, that the history of the Hudson City charge-off, annualized charge-offs are less than 25 basis points, 15 basis points to 25 basis points, right? So that's what's dampening that. And as that book runs down, you will see the allowance to loan ratio move up.
Matthew Burnell: Okay. Thanks, René, I appreciate your color.
René Jones: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
René Jones: Hi, Ken.
Ken Usdin: Hey, thanks. Hey, good morning, guys. Hey, René, just on that last point, so now that we've gotten to see a full quarter of Hudson City, is there kind of, run-down in the mortgage book and that migration towards the faster commercial growth? Is this about the pace that we should kind of see that run-down and remix that looked like the mortgage was down $1 billion, sequentially?
René Jones: Yeah, I think the short answer is, the random walk answer is, yes, all right. The longer answer as you think towards the end of the year is to think about what mix do we want to have of run-off in the mortgage book and the time book. And right now, they're mismatched, right. One is running-off, the assets are running-off at about $300 million a month, whereas the time is being held up, both of those might normalize a little bit so that they're moving in sync is the way to think about it. And that will help us with any pressure on the margin. And then we'll have to think about how long we deal with that, right because those two trades are very low-margin trades.
Ken Usdin: Yeah. And in that regard do you have an idea yet of how big you want the mortgage book to be as a percentage of either your loan book or your earning asset mix? I'm sure that's got a securities component to it as well, right, just from a total rate trade perspective?
René Jones: So, in the near-term, all we're going to do, we'll sit around the table and we'll look at statistics. Are we able to convert folks? What's the offer that we have? Are they bringing over checking accounts, right? And we'll go through that whole thing. But really if you think about it in a simple way, go way out, you've got 130 branches, you know deposits per branch that you think would be healthy in our markets in Upstate New York, $50 million would be big, and sometimes in a place like Jersey or New York, $100 million would be more like, in fact it sort of takes some average in there, you can actually see that you're building a $10 billion bank in that space, right, over a long period of time. And if we view it as looking like a typical M&T footprint, you kind of get there, but over a long period of time, right?
Ken Usdin: Right. Okay. And then last, just quick one, you mentioned that you're on track as far as the conversions. Do have a sense of when you'll get to kind of your run rate savings on that conversions front, what quarter we kind of get there in terms of the cost saves?
René Jones: Yeah. So Hudson, right?
Ken Usdin: Yes.
René Jones: So this is the way we're thinking about it. So prior to our acquisition, their annualized expenses were about $280 million a year. We think, if we look at the first quarter, and you were to annualize those expenses, it would be about $230 million. So there's $50 million of savings that have taken place. We think that, as we get to the end of the year, maybe that's $190 million, $200 million, all right; somewhere in that range. And then it stays there until we build the bank and grow the bank, all right. So it will take some time, but again, I don't know that you'll see those remaining things, because we expect an uptick to be offset by the things that we're trying to do on the technology side.
Ken Usdin: Right, the other investments. Okay. Got it. Thanks a lot, René.
René Jones: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
René Jones: Hi, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Hi, René. Can you give us some color on the automobile lending business, clearly you've been in the business for quite some time and we've been reading different stories about the subprime aspects of it, having some distress, particularly in the Southwest. How are you guys looking at the automobile lending business?
René Jones: Well, we haven't changed much. Our volume that we've been doing in that business has been running, oh, I think, we're doing something like $130 million a month of volume. In the low point of that business when we were kind of shying away because there were uncertainties maybe five years ago, it would be something like $80 million or $90 million and then in the high point we maybe, we're doing $200 million when that business was really robust. You keep in mind that we sort of stay in the prime space, all right. So for example, this quarter we averaged 729, our average score, which is pretty consistent, if you go back over four quarters or five quarter, it's all around 725 or so, is our average. So with that said, we are seeing growth or opportunity because of this record year, but pricing is really, really competitive, and so that's what's kept us in that $130 million a month, because that's what's sort of hitting our standards. Within that, most of that volume we're trying to direct towards the dealers that we also supply them, we finance their floor plan loan. So it's trying to run it more and more like a relationship business. The one thing that you're seeing, which we're in lockstep with, although in a better credit profile is that, delinquencies are moving, it's the one portfolio where you see an increase in delinquencies. And to give you some sense, these are rough numbers, but if we were at December of 2014, I think 30 days plus was 1.97%, and this quarter at the end of the quarter it was 2.32% or 2.36%, all right? So similar migration that we're seeing, and what I think is interesting about it is, you don't see it anywhere else in any other portfolio, which is the same nationally.
Gerard Cassidy: And what's your view on what's going on with the Dealer Reserves with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau? Will you guys move to a flat fee as a few banks have done? Or what's your view on that?
René Jones: We'll watch. We'll watch what happens with the industry. I think from the intelligence that I have, people that have taken that move have seen an immediate decrease in business.
Gerard Cassidy: Correct.
René Jones: But having said that, a number of folks have told me that subsequently over time that's rebounded as the customer base gets used to it, and they get a slightly different makeup of the customer base, but a rebound. So, we'll watch that over time, but no decisions to change anything that we're doing right now.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay. And then you touched on the integration of Hudson City obviously being a thrift, you've kind of experienced with doing these types of integrations. Was there any benefit from all the money you had spent over the years in upgrading your internal systems? Was this integration easier than what you've done in the past? Or did it go smoother because of the money you had spent?
René Jones: Well, okay, so two things. I'll answer that two ways. The reason it went smoothly is because Hudson City was relatively uncomplicated. We had a lot of time to think about it, right, and a lot of time to watch the portfolio, so our team is – I shouldn't say it but I'll say it, our team is really good. They've done a really good job over the years at these integrations. And so the lack of complexity was what made this go so smoothly, I think. Having said that, we did have a much more robust approach, sort of, beyond the due diligence to looking at the integration area by area and monitoring the potential areas for risk and closing them down. So for example, as we went into the conversion, specifically, focused on exactly 70 different places where risk could exist and where that risk would exist between the date we acquired it, the portfolio, and the date we integrated it. And then we were able to go through and close all of those down by the time we got to sitting here today. So, I think one of the shifts is that because of the way the process works now, the idea of anybody doing simultaneous merger conversions is long gone. We are sad about that from the standpoint that it limits your risk, so you need a much more robust process now, if you're going to own the institution and not convert it right away. And that was something that we added this time, which I think went very, very smoothly.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. And then recognizing you have a dominant market share in Buffalo, can you give us any color on any customer migration that you're seeing from the transaction between First Niagara and Key?
René Jones: It's early, but we have a lot of positive signals. As you know, we've been in the market for a long time. We live here. So our view is that we should see positive migration of customers. It'll just take a little bit of time to do that. And obviously, that transaction hasn't sort of been completed and there's no conversion going on now. But our sense is it's early but there's nothing in the indications that we see that don't suggest that we won't fare well in the disruption.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. And finally, can you give us any update on your written agreement regarding BSA/AML? When you might think that would be listed?
René Jones: Yeah, I don't know. We haven't been focused on it. We've been focused on our work. And I think from a BSA/AML perspective, we're really, really pleased, as I said last quarter, with everything that we've done. We think we've got a great process and we also think that we've got a much more broader and a more robust process overall beyond BSA/AML. So we'll keep doing what we do and there's nothing in front of us. We're focused on Hudson City now and that'll just happen when it happens. But nothing to point to. Nothing good or bad. No news really there.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay. Appreciate it. Thank you.
René Jones: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Alexopoulos of JPMorgan.
Steven Alexopoulos: Hey, René. Good morning.
René Jones: Good morning.
Steven Alexopoulos: I just actually had two follow-ups. In regards to Ken Usdin's earlier question on the resi mortgage run-off, was there anything unusual this quarter in terms of the $970 million period-end decline?
René Jones: No. I mean, that is like as steady as it goes.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. Okay. That's helpful. And then, I just wanted to follow up on the comments about the additional investment in technology. I would think the need to invest in the front office is fairly broad at this point, particularly as you convert Hudson City into a commercial bank. Is this a year that you guys really step up broad investment? Do you just basically manage that through the efficiency ratio, where you have opportunities, you'll reinvest? But can you talk about the front office investment need this year? Thanks.
René Jones: Let me just ask a question first, when you say front office investment, do you mean people, or do you mean...
Steven Alexopoulos: Yeah. I would think if you're going to build out a commercial side of Hudson City, you need to bring bankers in over there, for example.
René Jones: Yeah, and that has been happening, and it's all embedded into what we've got in our operating plans for this year. So that's incorporated in the numbers I'm talking about. It's another place where the – it's some – the Hudson City expense savings I'm talking about are net. And so we have made a lot of progress. We've had quite a few pick-up in hiring business and middle-market lenders. We've hired a few business bankers, and we have more to go through the course of the year. I think one of the things that we're thinking about in terms of – we know that we're bringing on increased head count in those areas of discipline. And while we're recruiting from the outside, we're also very focused on the idea that if there's an M&T person that wants to be in New Jersey, that benefits us very well because they're bringing all of our experience there. So we're also looking at a – in addition to adding people, we're looking at migrating people there.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. So essentially what you're saying is the investment needed in Hudson City, we're seeing in the numbers today?
René Jones: Yeah, you're seeing it in the numbers today.
Steven Alexopoulos: Yeah. Okay.
René Jones: And I think we'll be in good stead by the end of the year to look – the staffing complement will be finished by the end of the year.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. Okay. That's what I had. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Kelley of Piper Jaffray.
Matthew Kelley: Yeah. Hi. Just staying on the Hudson City cost saves, I believe, when you announced the transaction, Hudson was running at about $222 million of operating expenses and 24% with the savings bogie, so $53 million in dollar terms. Maybe if you could just give us an update on how much of that has already been extracted relative to that number. And correct me if those were inaccurate numbers in the dollar terms of the cost saves.
René Jones: I don't have that in front of me, but I think the difference between – look, logically the difference between our two numbers is maybe FDIC expense or something, but I was about $280 million is what we had all-in where they were running. No, I mean, I'm trying to think is there a specific area where it's greater? No. No, I think we were just able to realize a little bit more expense saves than we thought. So we're above the $53 million. I'm trying to think it's not in any one category.
Matthew Kelley: Got you. Okay. And then on the deposit costs, your average CD costs during the quarter was 75 basis points. There's a lot of institutions that are in need of funding in New Jersey, Metro New York City, high loan-to-deposit ratios. Where are you, right now, in terms of rollover rates for existing Hudson City customers on typical CD terms, one year to three years?
René Jones: I don't want to quote the exact rate, but we're very competitive. We're up at the – up there, over 1%, I think, on some of those. And those are both in renewal and in looking at places where someone might bring on a checking account.
Donald MacLeod: I believe a lot of that book is in the under the year category as well. There's not a lot of longer-dated stuff there.
René Jones: Yeah.
Matthew Kelley: Got it. Got it. And then what should we be using for an effective tax rate going forward?
René Jones: This is a pretty good quarter, I think, Mike?
Michael Spychala: Yeah, I would say we're spot on in this quarter. It varies each quarter as the amount of pre-tax income changes. There's a lot of the permanent differences that are steady and it's up this quarter because there were [indiscernible].
Matthew Kelley: Okay. Just over 36%?
René Jones: Yeah. Yeah. So this is a good quarter.
Matthew Kelley: Got it. And then just one last one, on your commercial real estate yield of 4.16%, up 5 basis points versus year-end, what categories are you seeing that the new production anywhere near those types of four-plus handles on commercial real estate yields? And maybe just talk about origination yields versus that number.
René Jones: I don't think in terms of yields. I always think in terms – I see the yield increase you're talking about, but I think mostly in terms of spreads. And one of the things that you'll get is sometimes there's some lumpiness in the prepayment penalties would also go into that space. But while I think pricing was solid this quarter, it's not significant enough on new loans to be moving that yield.
Matthew Kelley: All right. Were prepaids particularly high this quarter?
Donald MacLeod: They were – they're not higher than last quarter.
Matthew Kelley: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jill Shea of Credit Suisse.
Jill Shea: Good morning. Just in terms of capital return, given your strong capital positioning, can you just talk about how do you think about total payout and your appetite for share buyback, realizing that out quarters are contingent on the CCAR results, but can you talk about how you think about total capital return and payout over time?
René Jones: Yeah. I think I talked a little bit about this maybe in January but we've been on an evolution. That evolution is, this will be our third CCAR and we were at a CapPR before that. In the last two CCARs, we were at about 9.10% in our Tier 1 common ratio and then maybe 9.70% and we fared pretty well. But at that time, we weren't thinking about distributing any capital because we were in a space where we still had a transaction to do. And so just out of that normal principle, we wouldn't be doing that because there's some risk when you enter a transaction, if maybe a recession happens, when you're doing it, or there are some operational issues. So because that took so long, it allowed us to build up that capital over time. Also, think about the idea that when we first announced the deal, we had about $28 billion in mortgages and that's now down to $17 billion, right? So we have all the capital that we expected to have but the book has run down over that period of time, also as we expected. So, over time, we thought it, no, we've got to distribute that capital back to the shareholders or to put it to a decent use and that's sort of our task and what we're trying to do. We've today been lower than everybody in the total payout ratios, probably half of what the industry has been. And I think I've said our intention would be to normalize that. And over long periods of time, because we run a model that's not based on growth but it's based on profitability, I think we will always be having a lot of excess capital relative to the average in the industry. And we'll try to do the right thing. We've got a good history so far. But I think one of the things that you won't see us doing is necessarily buying a bank just because we have excess capital. We think that might be the fastest way to destroy value depending on what the pricing is. We'll be cautious and try to get it back to you.
Jill Shea: Very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Winter of Sterne, Agee.
Peter Winter: Good morning.
René Jones: Hi, Peter.
Peter Winter: Quick question. Consumer loan growth, it moderated this quarter. I'm just wondering was that seasonality or was it something else that caused that?
René Jones: Home equity loans, I think, were down and they're down and utilization has been low. I only imagine that that's sort of the natural offset with rates being low and mortgage volume picking up. But it's been pretty steady. You're talking about loan balances, right?
Peter Winter: Yes.
René Jones: Yeah. That's what it was. It was the continued low utilization on home equity.
Peter Winter: Okay. And then I'm just wondering, do you have what the impact could be with regards to the trust, wealth management business with this fiduciary rule?
René Jones: We're going through it. It's nice to have a little bit more time. We think on some level over a longer period of time it fits us very well because of who Wilmington Trust is. But at this point in time, I actually do not see any profitability impact. It's just how we migrate to the right space. And for us, I don't know that we're all that far from where we need to be in principle today. So my sense is we'll work our way through it, but I don't see any negatives and, quite frankly. Longer term, maybe there's a positive for us.
Peter Winter: Got it. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Elliott of Autonomous Research.
Geoffrey Elliott: Hello there. Thank you for squeezing me in. You kind of piqued my interest when you mentioned that wider, high-yield spread and CMBS spreads were given you an opportunity to lend more during the first quarter, because, back on the last call, you talked about those as an early indicator that you look at on the credit front of things potentially deteriorating. So I guess, I'm curious do you think that this cycle is different? Or are they both an indicator and the reason that it makes sense to lend more?
René Jones: I guess the way I see it is we've got a pretty granular discipline process. So if I provide more color, I would say the feedback I'm getting from the commercial bankers is that on larger or more complex transaction is where you were able to see slight move in pricing. I think that does tell you a lot, because I think the capital markets along with life companies have been providing the extra competition that have pushed pricing down. And so when you see a hiccup in that space, like you saw on the CMBS markets and like you saw with the wider spread, it's interesting to me that you can feel it pretty quickly. I don't think that's necessarily a positive thing. I think it tells you how sensitive the market can be to the mood swings of those capital markets. Having said that, at the same time, I think, what's interesting, Geoffrey, is that competition didn't change an ounce with the smaller institutions. They are working on their balance sheets, they are not necessarily looking at the capital markets and competition on that front remains pretty intense when it came to smaller institutions.
Geoffrey Elliott: Great. Thank you
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache of Nomura.
Bill Carcache: Thanks. I just had one quick one, René, on the GAAP and operating EPS differential. So we have been seeing a convergence between the two up until the last couple of quarters, obviously with Hudson City and its – the merger related expense line item where we've seen some of the disconnect, and I was hoping you could give a sense for what that looks like going forward? You mentioned earlier $10 million to $14 million in restructuring charges next quarter and that's it? Is that in that merger related expense line item? Any color around that would be helpful.
René Jones: Yeah. No, you've got it. You got it exactly. We would expect that – we don't expect to see much if anything in the second half of the year, so that should normalize again, with the exception that maybe from a year ago we might have slightly higher amortization on the [indiscernible].
Bill Carcache: Perfect. That makes sense. My other questions have been answered. Thank you.
René Jones: Thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Frank Schiraldi of Sandler O'Neill.
René Jones: Hi, Frank. You are allowing me to say good afternoon.
Frank Schiraldi: Good morning or good afternoon, that's right. Oh, man, I've to change my script here. Just two quick real ones, if I could. First on the NIM, setting aside where you ended up in the quarter in lieu of further rate hikes, and no rate hikes through the rest of 2016, directionally from here, is it reasonable to assume a few basis points of core compression a quarter in this environment is that still reasonable?
René Jones: I think that, in that scenario you painted, that's exactly right and I think all of that compression would be coming from the time account book at Hudson City and depending on what we do. So if we changed course, because we thought it wasn't beneficial to us, we weren't capturing customers from that profile, we could just change it and then I think it would go back to flat.
Frank Schiraldi: Okay. Okay. Great. And then just one on repurchases, you went through the reasoning for, I think it's $54 million in the additional share buyback. And I realize it'll be a small incremental number and, I don't know, maybe the process is different, but if you had to go get the non-objection from regulators, what is the thinking about not seeking or asking for the full additional 1% of Tier 1 capital, which seems like could've been on the table?
René Jones: It sounds funny, but we just simply followed our process. We had asked for a certain amount of distributions in the plan. We think it makes sense to follow that process. And then we sort of, as we started looking at post the deal, we realized that, well, we haven't distributed all the dividends. And so, one, on its face, we should probably go back and add, and then it just so happened that that also fits within the context of the 1% rule as well. I think our number would've been something like – total number would've been $92 million, $93 million, $94 million, but I don't know. It just seemed like we were focused on distributing the same capital that we asked to distribute and we kept it at that. Obviously, the 1% rule if you needed it down the road would be bigger now because our capital base in the test is bigger. But having said that, from our view, we should just be focused on trying to do – figure out what the right thing to do is based on the test, project that and stick to it is how I would think about it.
Frank Schiraldi: Okay. All right. Thank you, guys, for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. I'll now return the call to Don MacLeod for any additional or closing remarks.
Donald MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, any clarifications of any of the items on the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations Department at area code 716-842-5138. Thank you and goodbye.
Operator: Thank you for participating in the M&T Bank first quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-19 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the M&T Bank Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Don MacLeod, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Donald MacLeod: Thank you, Jackie, and good morning. I’d like to thank everyone for participating in M&T’s fourth quarter 2015 earnings conference call both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with financial tables and schedules from our website www.mtb.com and by clicking on the investor relations link. Also before we start, I’d like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings including those found on forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now, I’d like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, René Jones.
René Jones: Thank you, Don, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call this morning. As noted in this morning’s press release, we were pleased with our progress in what proved to be a very busy quarter. The overall financial performance was strong and we completed the merger with Hudson City Bancorp, which was immediately accretive to M&T’s net operating earnings, risk-based capital ratios and tangible book value per share in-sync with our earlier projection. I’ll review a few highlights of the quarter and the year, including some perspective on how the merger impacted our results for the quarter. And then we’ll share our thoughts on the outlook, after which Don and I will be happy to take your questions. Turning to the results, diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $1.65 for the fourth quarter of 2015 compared with $1.93 in the third quarter and $1.92 a year earlier. The decline came as a result of merger-related charges in connection with the Hudson City transaction. Net income for the quarter was $271 million compared with $280 million in the linked quarter and $278 million in the year-ago quarter. In order to assist investors in understanding the impact of merger activity on its financial results, M&T provides supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis from which we exclude the after-tax effect of the amortization of intangible assets, as well as expenses and gains associated with mergers and acquisitions. After-tax expense from the amortization of intangible assets was $6 million or $0.04 per share, per common share, in the recent quarter, compared with $3 million and $0.02 per common share in the prior quarter, and $4 million and $0.03 per common share in the fourth quarter of 2014. The increase in the recent quarter reflects amortization associated with the $132 million of additional core deposit intangible created through the Hudson City Merger. Included in the fourth quarter results were significant merger-related charges, including $76 million of noninterest expenses and a $21 million provision for credit losses for the acquired Hudson City loan portfolio. I’ll discuss the accounting for the acquired loans in a few moments. Combined, these items amounted to $61 million after-tax or $0.40 per common share. There were no such charges in the previous quarter or the year earlier quarter. M&T’s net operating income for the fourth quarter, which excludes merger-related items and the intangible amortizations that I just mentioned was $338 million, increased from $283 million in the linked quarter and $282 million in last year’s fourth quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per share were $2.09 for the recent quarter, an increase of 7% from $1.95 in both the previous quarter and the year-ago quarter. Net operating income yielded annualized rates of return on average tangible assets and average tangible shareholders’ equity - common shareholders’ equity of 1.21% and 13.26% for the recent quarter, comparable returns were 1.18% and 12.98% in the third quarter of 2015. In accordance with the SEC guidelines, this morning’s press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results including tangible assets and equity. Looking to the balance sheet and the income statement, Hudson City added about $24 billion of total assets after our restructuring, which included $19 billion of loans and $18 billion of deposits. Over the four days immediately after the closing, we retired $10.6 billion of Hudson City’s borrowing, which was funded by the sale of $5.8 billion of investment securities and the remainder by Hudson City’s cash on hand. Taxable-equivalent net interest income was $813 million for the fourth quarter of 2015, up from $699 million in the linked quarter and $688 million in the fourth quarter of 2014. The increase includes approximately $110 million of net interest income attributable to Hudson City. The net interest margin was 3.12% during the quarter, down 2 basis points from 3.14% in the third quarter. Our explanation of the decline is relatively simple this quarter. We estimate that the inclusion of Hudson City diminished the margin by about 3 basis points. On the core side - on the core M&T side, we estimate there was 1 basis point expansion, as pressure on the core margin was more than offset by rising short-term interest rates, which included an increase in short-term LIBOR rates in advance of the Fed’s December action. Average total loans increased by $13.3 billion from the linked quarter, primarily reflecting the partial quarter impact from Hudson City. Substantially, all of the Hudson City loans are residential mortgage loans. Thus, the acquisition had limited impact on growth in the other loan categories. Growth in each of those other loan categories was solid on an average basis compared to linked quarter. C&I, commercial and industrial loans increased an annualized 6%, aided by the seasonal rebound in auto floor plan. Commercial real estate loans increased by about 9% annualized. Consumer loans grew an annualized 10%, reflecting continued growth Indirect Auto. While lending conditions on the commercial side remains very competitive with pressures from both bank- and non-bank-lenders, loan demand remains healthy, bolstered by repeat business with existing customers, who value our relationship approach to lending. We continue to see strong results in the commercial bank in our metropolitan region, which includes New York City as well as Pennsylvania and Baltimore - as well as Pennsylvania and Baltimore. Growth was somewhat softer in upstate in Western New York. Average core customer deposits, which excludes deposits received at M&T’s Cayman Islands office, CDs over $250,000 and brokered deposits increased 16% un-annualized from the third quarter, primarily reflecting the impact from the acquisition. Noninterest income - now turning to fees, noninterest income or fee income totaled $448 million in the fourth quarter, up from $440 million in the linked quarter, contributing to fees from - the contribution to fees from Hudson City was not significant. Mortgage banking revenues were $88 million in the fourth quarter compared with $84 million in the third quarter. Residential mortgage banking revenues declined by $6 million, the majority of which is attributable to a 23% reduction in residential mortgage loans originated for sale. Commercial mortgage banking revenues were up $10 million from the prior quarter reflecting a solid quarter of multifamily FHA origination. Service charges on deposit accounts were $106 million, little changed from $107 million in the third quarter. And trust income was $115 million in the recent quarter, slightly improved from $114 million in the previous quarter. All other revenues from operation were $144 million, up from $138 million in the third quarter. Both the third and fourth quarters of 2015 were characterized by particularly strong commercial lending-related fees. The recent quarter’s results included higher levels of syndication fees, while the previous quarters’ results included a sizable gain on previously leased equipment which did not recur. Turning to expenses, operating expenses for the fourth quarter, which exclude the expense from the amortization of intangibles and merger-related expenses, was $701 million compared to $650 million in the third quarter. Those operating expenses included approximately $40 million attributable to Hudson City. The efficiency ratio which excludes intangible amortization and the merger-related expenses improved to 55.5%, reflecting the two-month impact from Hudson City. It is notable that on a full year-over-year basis, adjusting for the merger and the sizable contribution to the M&T Charitable Foundation made in this year’s second - last year’s second quarter, total operating expenses were down slightly from 2014. Next let’s turn to credit. Overall, credit quality remains strong. Nonaccrual loans at the end of 2015 were $799 million, up slightly from $787 million at September 30. The ratio of nonaccrual loans to total loans was 91 basis points at year-end. The significant decline in that ratio from September 30 reflects the addition of Hudson City’s loan portfolio. Net charge-offs for the fourth quarter were $36 million improved from $40 million in the third quarter. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were 18 basis points for the period with the ratio also benefiting from the addition of the Hudson City portfolio to total loans. The provision for credit losses was $58 million for the recent quarter, which includes the $21 million merger-related provision I mentioned earlier. The allowance for credit losses was $956 million at the end of 2015 and reflects our assessment of the loss content in the loan portfolio. The ratio of allowance to total loans was 1.09% which also reflects the addition of the Hudson City loan portfolio. The loan loss allowance as of December 31 was 17 times 2015 - I’m sorry, was 7 times 2015’s net charge-offs. Loans 90 days past due, on which we continue to accrue interest, including loans acquired at a discount were $273 million at the end of 2015. Of these loans, $232 million or 85% are guaranteed by government related entities. Before I leave credit, I’d like to provide you with some background on the accounting for the loans that we acquired with Hudson City. As you know, GAAP requires acquired loans to be recorded at fair value at the date of acquisition with no carryover of the acquired entities allowance for loan loss. That fair value reflects the use of interest rate and credit loss assumptions. In connection with the Hudson City merger, we recorded $19 billion of Hudson City loans held for investment at their estimated fair value. Approximately $1 billion of those loans are classified as purchased impaired loans we recorded at a discount to par and are being accounted for under SOP 03-3. The fair value of the remaining $18 billion of acquired loans exceeded the outstanding loan balance resulting in a net premium which will be amortized over the remaining lives of the loans as a reduction of interest income. GAAP does not allow the credit loss component of that premium to be bifurcated and accounted for as a non-accreting difference, as was the case in previous acquisitions when all loans were deemed acquired at discount. GAAP also provides that an allowance for credit losses on loans acquired at a premium be recognized for incurred losses in that portfolio, even though in a homogeneous portfolio of residential mortgage loans - the specific loans to which those losses relate cannot be easily identified. M&T believes that this accounting requirement results in an additional provision for loan losses that was already factored into the fair value of the loans at the acquisition date. As a result, the $21 million incremental provision has been characterized as a merger-related expense. Hopefully that’s helpful. Turning to capital, our Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, under the transitional Basel III capital rules currently in effect, was an estimated 11.06% at the end of the recent quarter up from 10.08% at the end of September. Completion of the Hudson City merger added an estimated 80 basis points to that ratio. Tangible book value per share was $64.28 at the end of 2015, up 5% from $61.22 at the end of September and up 13% from $57.6 at the end of 2014. As a point of comparison, over the past five years M&T has grown tangible book value per share at a compounded annual growth rate of over 14% through a combination of organic growth and prudently priced expansion. Next, I would like to take a moment to cover the key highlights of 2015 results. GAAP based diluted earnings per common share were $7.18 compared with $7.42 in 2014. Net income was $1.08 billion up slightly from $1.07 billion in the prior year, net operating income, which excludes intangible amortization and the merger-related expenses, was $1.2 billion, improved from $1.1 billion in the prior year. Diluted net operating earnings per common share was $7.74, up from $7.57 in 2014. Net operating income for 2015 expressed as a rate of return on average tangible assets, average tangible common shareholders’ equity was 1.18% and 13% respectively. Before I turn to the outlook, as many of you have seen on January 6 the U.S. Attorney in Delaware took action against Wilmington Trust Corporation related to alleged conduct prior to M&T’s acquisition of Wilmington Trust Corporation in 2011. As the U.S. Attorney noted in his press release, this alleged activity relates solely to Wilmington Trust’s commercial banking operations during that time period. While we are limited in our ability to discuss this matter, it is important to note that we strongly believe that this unprecedented action is unjustified and Wilmington Trust intends to vigorously defend itself. Now, turning to the outlook, as Don and I were saying yesterday, the daunting task we undertake every January to offer you a projection of what we think will unfold over the coming year. But in retrospect, the thoughts we offered you on this call last year weren’t too far off from what actually occurred. So here we go again. I should first note that the end-of-period balance sheet is more representative of our run rate balance sheet than the averages for the fourth quarter, given the November 1 effective date of the merger. During the fourth quarter, we saw a steady to positive momentum in the lending environment. And as a result, including the newly acquired loans from Hudson City, we would expect low to mid single digit growth in total loans in 2016, with a slightly higher pace of growth in commercial and consumer loans, partially offset by contraction in the residential mortgage loans, as we expect that the Hudson City portfolio will continue to pay down. The pace of payoff will obviously depend on interest rate. Our outlook for the net interest margin is dependent on further actions by the Federal Reserve. Given what the implied forward rate curve is telling us, we’d expect the net interest margin for the full year of 2016 to be stable or slightly better than what we reported in the fourth quarter. The full run rate impact from the addition of Hudson City’s balance sheet will be a modest source of pressure early in the year. As we’ve seen over the past several years the impact of cash balances brought in through Wilmington Trust could have an impact on the reported margin but would be additive to revenue. Excluding the impact from the sale of the trade processing business in 2015’s second quarter, both the $45 million gain in the single quarter of revenue we earned prior to the divestiture, we would expect flat to modest growth in noninterest expense and fees. We expect pressure on mortgage banking revenues in a higher rate environment and continued industry-wide pressure on consumer service charges to be offset by growth in other fees, assisted of course by higher short-term rates. Regarding expenses, in light of the limited revenue opportunities, we’re looking to keep core expenses relatively contained, continued investment spending, including technology investment, offset with savings elsewhere as other projects reach completion. Our goal is to strive for positive operating leverage over the course of 2016. As to Hudson City, we’d estimate that an additional $40 million to $50 million of expense reductions will result from further actions we expect to take over the first-half of 2016, particularly the branch and systems conversion. These should ultimately result in realizing the majority of our expected expense savings by June or let’s say the first-half of the year. Separately, we’d estimate that there are about $40 million of merger-related expenses remaining to be incurred, the majority coming over the first-half of 2016. Aside from the national news on energy lending which shouldn’t have a material impact on us, we see no indication of a change in the credit cycle. Net charge-offs amounted to just 19 basis points for the second year in a row, which is roughly half the long-term average. But as we said on this call last year, our conservatism won’t let us count on beating that figure in 2016. Income tax expense in the fourth quarter included a $4.6 million benefit from technology research credits related to prior years through 2014, which were approved by the IRS in December. We know that the provision in the tax code providing for such credits was extended by Congress in December. Any additional benefits in the future will depend on the size and type of technology investments that we make. As you know, the capital plan we submitted in connection with the 2015 CCAR process, which received no objection from the Fed included $200 million of share repurchases in the first-half of 2016. We expect to begin implementing that program shortly. Lastly, we will review our capital position with our board on both a nominal basis and under stress as we prepare our CCAR 2016 capital plan and stress test for submission to the regulators in early April. We’ve got another year of earnings retention under our belts, as well as the capital accretion from the merger. Looking forward, our expectation is that the Hudson City loan portfolio will continue to pay down, moderating our overall loan growth. And thus, our pace of internal capital generation will remain high. Those are our thoughts, hope you’ll find them helpful as the year unfolds. Let’s now see what happens. Of course as you are aware, our projections are subject to a number of uncertainties in various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates and credit spreads, political events, and other macroeconomic factors which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. Now, let’s open up the call, before which the instructor will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
René Jones: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Usdin: Hey, good morning, René. Hey, just two clarifying points on just how the two companies pulled together up, just based on the fee side I just wanted to make sure I understood. When you’re talking about hoping to keep fees pretty flat this year, should we be thinking about the kind of the $440 million, $450 million run rate for the last three quarters, that ex that $45 million gain you had in the second quarter? I just want to make sure I wasn’t missing what you were saying about the pre-business-sale quarter.
René Jones: Well, I was just - I think what we were doing is looking at the full year 2015 and sort of taking out that unusual gain in that obviously the first quarter business that we had, gain was $45 million. And then, we were just looking year-over-year. As you know, kind of as I look at the - going forward, we’ve got decent loan growth. We will be flat to some margin expansion. So that gives you some single-digit revenue growth.
Ken Usdin: Yes.
René Jones: And if we can get year-over-year, a spread on that, revenue versus expense growth, then I think we get a little leverage there to the bottom line. So that’s how I’m thinking of it year over year.
Ken Usdin: Yes, perfect. And then, my second question is just on the expense side. So you talked about keeping the kind of core M&T flat. You just have the natural growth coming with the addition of Hudson City minus the cost saves. So again, just trying to understand, you pointed to - for the rest of the income statement starting kind of off of the fourth quarter. But I don’t think that’s quite at what you’re saying here. So how do we just think about the trajectory of where expenses start from, if there’s a way you can help us get tighter there?
René Jones: Where expenses start? So again, I think I start on the M&T side with full year and think about year over year. There’s nothing much unusual there, except for maybe the $40 million tradable contribution that we had in 2015. And that’s the basis from which I’m operating. If you look at the fourth quarter results, we gave you the number. We said that that roughly $40 million of the operating expense came from Hudson City, and that was two months. And from there - there were some expense saves in those numbers. But from there, we estimate - from that run rate, we estimate that we have actions to take that would add up to between $40 million and $50 million in annualized expense savings. And that is net of the hires, any additional hires that we would have to do related to Hudson City and New Jersey.
Ken Usdin: Okay. So the $40 million is two months, that’s about $60 million that includes a little bit. That’s 240 million full year. And then, think about the $40 million or $50 million off of that. But that’s a net number.
René Jones: Yes.
Ken Usdin: Great. Thank you, René.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Frank Schiraldi with Sandler O’Neill.
René Jones: Good morning.
Frank Schiraldi: Good morning. Just a follow-up on the expense side, just trying to think about efficiency ratio here, and obviously you’re at that high-end at least for the quarter of 50% to 55% efficiency ratio. As you extract those cost saves from Hudson City next year, does that just alone result in further improvements for the efficiency ratio or are we more likely to see that benefit sort of show up in investment elsewhere, all else equal?
René Jones: Yes, I mean, our goal is without Hudson City we try to maintain some level of operating leverage. In that, we’ve got a number of things that we’re doing to sort of optimize our operations. And we’re hoping to put that money back into IT spending. At the end of the day, we’ll put the money back into IT spending, regardless of how much progress we make in other areas, because we think it’s really important. So we’ve talked about that for some time. When you think of the efficiency ratio, when you think first of Hudson City, I even done the math, but you got one more month of Hudson City, right? So there’s probably some additional impact on the efficiency ratio when you full three months in the quarter. And then, we have work to do to reduce - get the cost saves that we talked about. One thing I would point out is that, it’s not as if we’re getting those cost saves on January 1, right, so you get the full year impact of $40 million to $50 million. That’s the run rate impact that you’re going to get on an annualized basis after you’ve taken the action. So that also should have an impact on the efficiency ratio. When I look at our performance this past year, I think we did a pretty good job of managing expenses, but I also think quite frankly, the improvements we saw in the efficiency ratio comes from the fact that we did have growth in revenues in a pretty tough environment in that spread-wide. And when you think about it, if you adjust for the charitable contribution and the gain from the divestiture, we were 57% something in the second quarter. We were 57.1% in the third quarter. And I think it’s about 2 percentage points that Hudson City benefited our efficiency ratio. So we’re running pretty well. We had a pretty good year on both sides of the equation.
Frank Schiraldi: Sure, and then just one follow-up on the - actually on deposit pricing. Just when I look at New Jersey as a whole, seems like there is a number of institutions, particularly in that state that are deposit hungry, so to speak. And so just wondering is there a significant opportunity to improve margins with re-pricing of higher cost deposits at Hudson City or do you think you may have to defend share more by holding that pricing over the next, call it 12 months?
René Jones: Yes, so I think of it - I’ll break it into two pieces. I think about it a little differently. So we’ve got this very, very large base of deposit customers who are primarily all the CDs. So they’re single-service households for us. And in that group we don’t have a big interest in necessarily rationalizing pricing so to speak, because we really would like to get to know those customers. I’ve got a couple of letters myself already, couple of people introducing them to me. And they clearly fit the profile of people we would love to have a more full-service banking relationship with. So I think that will take a little time and I don’t think we’ll be hasty to do that at the outset of this year. But then, separately, we do think there is a very large opportunity for full-service checking account relationships that we would typically hold. And most of those relationships aren’t just a checking account. They tend to have multiple products and services as we roll out our relationship banking approach. So it’s sort of two and quite frankly really what we’re trying to do is, is we get a nice shot of an introduction to those customers and we will be trying to convince them that we should be their primary bank for all of their deposit service. So that means you can’t move too quickly to just treat it as a financial asset, they’re customers.
Frank Schiraldi: Right, understood. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Marty Mosby with Vining Sparks.
René Jones: Hi, Marty.
Marty Mosby: Hey, I want to ask you little bit about the way in which the premium on those loans that you brought over, how that dynamic kind of work. So that’s a little different than what we’ve seen so far with that accounting with the discounts that were in prior accounting. As you bringing over the premium like you said you already had the negative accounting for. But now, you also had to put on allowance. So will you have net charge-offs from those loans and go against the allowance that you created or - just was wondering how that will work logistically going forward.
René Jones: Yes, Marty that - yes. So think of it this way. Those loans that you acquire at a premium you are just not allowed to use the SOP discount accounting that you are used to in a lot of deals or that you saw in Wilmington. We deemed Wilmington’s, pretty much the whole portfolio to be purchased at a discount. So what ends up happening is they get treated - and the loans at a premium are treated out of FAS 91 just like originated loans. You have charge-offs as well.
Marty Mosby: So it will act more like a regular portfolio going forward which will make your statistics and metrics kind of look more normal versus being skewed.
René Jones: Yes, maybe our lives easier too.
Marty Mosby: Right, right. And then the other thing you mentioned and it was the second bank which they kind of keep my ear open. But today we had - now that you’re the second bank to talk about LIBOR going up earlier in December and the benefits - like kind of think about or explain little bit more about that, because the prime rate tied to the Fed funds rate is where you typically would get some of that re-pricing on the commercial business. But a lot of that shifted over to LIBOR. So did you get a full month’s worth of benefits in the fourth quarter as the LIBOR moved up ahead of the prime rate?
René Jones: I have to check. I don’t think - I think it was not quite. It was obviously more than half, but it moved up steadily and it might have been slightly below the full impact of the Fed increase. But it started, if I recall, I think it started in late November.
Marty Mosby: It did started way early and if you look at the percent first in LIBOR versus prime, what’s your percentage at this point of your whole loan portfolio, floating loan portfolio?
René Jones: That’s a great question. The fixed portion is about of our - you want just the loans or the total assets?
Marty Mosby: Just the floating rate loans, just the floating rate.
René Jones: It’s about 51%. So it would be - fixed rate loans would be about $35 billion out of the $88 billion. And then you got to think of - you often think, while we just brought on a lot of fixed rate mortgages we keep in mind that I think almost half of those are actually a variable rate or floating rate resets, right. So you don’t - it’s not quite intuitive, but they’re not all fixed.
Marty Mosby: Got you. Okay.
René Jones: I think the other part of your question, Marty, is if you look at that in the variable rate space, so the remainder will be about $52 billion, $53 billion; $35 billion, $36 billion are LIBOR based. So those are the ones that began getting the benefits late November. But you wouldn’t have seen anything in many of our prime rate portfolio, so home equity portfolios, because they look to December 31 and then go to the next re-price date, which is different for each customer before they look back, so would start to occur 30 days, over the 30 days into January.
Marty Mosby: Good. That was the mechanics I was looking for.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI.
René Jones: Good morning, John.
John Pancari: Good morning. Want to see if you can give us a little bit more color René on the loan growth front. Just in general it appeared a little bit lighter when you exclude the impact of Hudson City, a little lighter than what I was forecasting, and if you’re seeing anything there for the quarter that impacted the level of growth, and then separately on your outlook. I know you indicated that commercial and consumer growth should strengthen through the year and just want to see what type of strengthening you expect within those portfolios. Thanks.
René Jones: Yes. No, I didn’t see, we didn’t notice anything unusual in the loan growth. I mean, I characterize it as strong, because I think the numbers were pretty decent growth. But I also know that if I look to our loan committees, I think we had the second highest loan production in the fourth quarter on the commercial side that we’ve seen in several years before fourth quarter. So things look relatively healthy. And as a way of reference, and of course I’m going to get this wrong, but I think year over year we’ve been running at 4%, 4.5% loan growth or something like that. So I think there is really no sign that it’s flowing. In terms of the market it’s kind of interesting. So we characterize it to still be intensely competitive, as other banks are really offering better pricing and then sometimes structure than we’re able to. But on the whole, pricing in lowest market like it’s still coming down slightly, it’s not stable but still coming down. Smaller banks are routinely below 200 basis points in terms of margin, maybe 150 to 160 basis points. We’re seeing places where there is no recourse, limited covenants, and in some cases people waiving due diligence. And so for us, when we look at the growth, a lot of times what we’re seeing is that we’re able to do fairly well, but that’s coming primarily from existing client. And they really focus on the fact that we’re relatively proactive. We spend a lot of time with them. We know their businesses. And we’re fairly consistent regardless of what’s happening in the environment. So that’s where most of our loans are coming from. And each market is a little different. And we’re trying to sort of make sure that we avoid any pitfalls from that like we’re not chasing people in a particular market without the knowledge to take on that customer. I think I talked a little bit about it. I don’t know if I have, I have the number somewhere. But we saw growth primarily in Philadelphia, Tarrytown, New York region. We had growth that was about 4% annualized. In a year-over-year basis that was about 6%. We also saw Pennsylvania was about 4% and Baltimore Washington was about 2%. And remember that, Baltimore had been relatively slow for us. So we’re pleased that that has actually continue to do pretty well. The opportunity is different in every market. In upstate New York, which has been relatively slow, there is a huge construction boom and that’s where most of the job on energy is coming from. There is knock-on effects in the other businesses, but that’s what’s driving it. But if you get down to Washington DC, it’s a different set of factor, so it varies by region.
John Pancari: Okay, that’s helpful, René, thank you. And then separately, just want to see how much you can comment on this. Just wondering if you can give us an update on the status of your efforts to meet remaining parts of the regulatory agreement around the BSA/AML deficiencies, just want to see where you stand there. At least give us an idea of the timing maybe in terms of how long it could take to address the remaining parts of that. Thanks.
René Jones: Yes. Thanks for the question, John. I’ll start by saying, I’m not sure. I think that we’ve got our BSA program well in hand and off and running. We substantially completed everything that we think we need to do there and really what ends up to happen is you got to go through - you go through your normal annual exam cycle and make sure that you’re really buttoned down. So, we’re very heavily focused on that and remediating any additional customers that we have to which at this point of time would be all the low-risk category, because of course through the course of last year we got through - we got through the high risk in moderate customers. And obviously we have to do a really good job of making sure that as we put Hudson City on to our systems that all those capabilities at the conversion extend over too. So we’re focused heavily on that. The other piece I would put into perspective, which is not directly related to the written agreement per se, is that we continue to just focus on all of the rest of our risk management. We think it’s really important whether it’d be in the compliance areas or whether it’d be in sort of modernizing or continuing to elevate our CCAR process. So that’s where our focus is on and I think the written agreement over time will just take care of itself. But we don’t really control the timing and it’s hard for us to be able to estimate something like that.
John Pancari: Got it. All right. Thank you, René.
René Jones: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Eads with UBS.
René Jones: Hi, David.
David Eads: Hi, good morning. Maybe following up with some of the loan commentary you just had. I’m curious, we got the regulators come out on - you’re talking about conditions in CREmarket. I guess I’m more curious, whether you think - you see any impact of that and whether you think that’s going to have any real impact on the competitive environment for CRE lending from some of these smaller banks.
René Jones: I don’t know. I mean, it’s interesting. We had an annual update that we do on our real estate in our board meeting in November, before all that stuff came out. And it’s sort of mirrored everything we said and talked about, sort of mirrored what the Fed is saying. So those trends are definitely out there. I think one of the things that’s clearly happening at this point in time is that there is still not - in the overall market, some markets may be different, but there is not yet an oversupply. And to us it’s a bit of a warning that you got to keep - you got to watch out for your underwriting. As you know, I mean, it’s a great question to ask us, because we definitely have a concentration there, particularly in the New York City area. But we tend to not change our underwriting standard. So, for example, if you look at our entire real estate book today, total CRE whether it’s an owner occupied or IRE, our loan to value is 59.5% and in investment real estate it’s 58.3%, all right. So our intention is to remain really conservative. We stress cap rates as we began to - as we underwrite, just to look at what might happen in that space. But having said that, I think if you were less sophisticated, if you were smaller it does - and given some of the things that we’re seeing, I think everybody is right to be concerned, you’ve got to be very prudent. Having said that, there are lot of great customers out there who are doing great projects which can be underwritten at the right amount of risk and for the right price and those tend to be customers that we’ve known for fairly long time.
David Eads: Okay. Thanks for that. And then more broadly on loans, just to kind of confirm, when you talk about the guidance for low to mid single digit loan growth next year, that’s off of the 2015 ending balances, correct?
René Jones: Yes. That’s the way to think about it.
David Eads: Right. And should we think about - it sounds like the - just similar to what kind of like the net loan growth is fairly encouraging to me. And it sounds like it’s much more driven by a stronger outlook for kind of the non-mortgage categories rather than expectations for less runoff in the mortgage book, is that a fair read?
René Jones: I think it’s a fair read. I think the one thing I might re-characterize is on the existing book of business. What I would say for me personally is that we for long time have watched loan growth and had sort of a tepid view towards it, will it keep staying that way. It’s really clear now that the loan growth trends have been really consistent and very solid. So my sense is, we don’t see any signs of them abating. And quite frankly, as I said, our production in the fourth quarter was relatively high, so slightly positive in my mind in terms of confidence.
David Eads: Okay. That’s very helpful. Maybe just one last one, I know there is lot of kind of moment in the allowance this quarter when bringing Hudson City loans, but now you’re at about 1.1% allowance coverage. Is that a reasonable - I mean, are you guys comfortable with that level that kind of the way we should think about the allowance in the near term?
René Jones: Well, this is our job to make sure we do a good estimate of what we think the inherent loss is in the portfolio. And it just so happens, that when you look at the Hudson portfolio that we’re bringing on, not only is it mortgages, right, which are naturally going to - have a lower loss content in the overall book, but the portfolio at Hudson City, the majority of the portfolio has very good credit statistics. I think it’s something like over the last 16 quarters their loss rates have been about 20 basis points and then if you look at the current LTVs of the $19 billion, they would be at 59.7%, if you look at the original LTVs they would be at 67.9%, so - and good FICO. So I think there is some subset, mainly the billion dollars that we talked about that have higher delinquencies than the typical M&T portfolio, but the majority is not all of those loans went to the impaired loan, the SOP 03-3 category that we talked about. And we concentrated those in there. We looked for those in the portfolio to segregate them out. Okay. And…
David Eads: Great.
René Jones: Yes.
David Eads: Got it.
René Jones: No, that’s good. So I think the other thing I would say and point to you is, remember, that portfolio is generally going to be running off. So there will be a natural migration back towards our typical allowance ratio.
David Eads: Right, that makes lot of sense. Thanks.
René Jones: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bob Ramsey with FBR.
Bob Ramsey: Hey, good morning, René, Don. First question for you, when you talked about the net interest margin outlook, could you share with us what the interest rate assumption is that underlies that outlook and then let us know what the rate sensitivity looks like today with Hudson City on the balance sheet?
René Jones: Yes. I think we had two hikes in that, in the forward rate we were using - forward rate we were using. And, yes, in terms of the interest rate sensitivity, I think, we’ve given that number before. Bear with me one second.
Bob Ramsey: Sure.
René Jones: Yes. So we would see about 3.2% increase in the margin for a 100 basis point move in rate up.
Bob Ramsey: Got it. Then sort of circling back to loan growth, it looks like, if I add in the $19 billion of fair valued Hudson City loans in the fourth quarter, balances are about flat for the fourth quarter with obviously some runoff in Hudson City being offset by the growth at M&T. Is that fair, because I’m just rounding the $19 billion, I don’t know the exact dollars, but…?
René Jones: I think you got to remember that the number we gave you which I think was $13.3 billion, because you’re using averages. We only had two months, and I think - yes, so you only would take out in that average $13.3 billion.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. I was looking at end-of-period to end-of-period. So taking end of period M&T, adding $19 billion and then get into the end of period consolidated.
René Jones: All right. Give me minute. I got some end of period balances. We had growth, I mean, our annualized growth in end of period in C&I was 3.7% CREwas 6.6%, total commercial was 5%, consumer was 7.8%.
Bob Ramsey: I guess, what I’m asking is, was that offset by the Hudson City runoff, because if your total end of period in the third quarter was $68.5 billion and you had $19 billion, that gets you $87.5 billion, which is where you ended the year?
René Jones: I mean, I think the number - I got to get the - yes, that’s right. So maybe we’re looking - oh well, so first of all, I’m going to get it in concept and then I have to go back. Yes. There is runoff every month in that - in the - the end of period - by the end of the period that portfolio from Hudson was $18.4 billion.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. And it came on at $19 billion, so you add $600 million of runoff then, right?
René Jones: The $18.8 billion, $18.6 billion you’re saying in the opening balance sheet. So we had $200 million of runoff.
Bob Ramsey: Okay.
René Jones: Those are my estimates quickly to do that, but…
Bob Ramsey: Got it. Okay. That helps. That’s what I needed then. And then, in terms of credit quality, obviously, credit looks great. Are there any signs anywhere in your book of softness or areas of potential concern? I know you’re not really big in energy; but outside of anything energy-related is there anything else out there that shows softness?
René Jones: How do I say that? So the answer is no, not in any particular category. Our nonperforming loans were exactly the same as they were a year ago, which is kind of interesting in the sense that it means that there are some things coming in and some things going out, which we’ve seen economies where that, where it’s better than that. But if you think about it like even in the quarter the types of things we saw going into nonperforming; there was a beverage wholesale distributor, which I always think should never go into; there was an educational company; there was a provider of fiber optics; auto dealer. So no themes at all really, maybe just I would call them almost idiosyncratic issues.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. Good to hear. Last question and I’ll hop out. But could you remind me how much of these seasonal increases in the first quarter, I guess, especially now on a combined basis, in that salary and benefits line?
René Jones: Yes, Don, what is that number?
Donald MacLeod: It would be in the range of $40 million to $45 million. Some of the stuff would be affected by the Hudson City employee base, for example the FICO reset. But the major component of that is the cash bonuses and the equity grants, which they will not be impacted with. So Hudson will not have as huge an impact as the sort of legacy M&T employee base.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. But altogether $40 million to $45 million lift in the first quarter?
Donald MacLeod: Yes.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Elliott with Autonomous Research.
Geoffrey Elliott: Hello there. Another question on credit, when you’re looking for early indicators that the credit cycle might be turning, what are the sorts of metrics which have started to flag red earlier in the past, and how are they performing now?
René Jones: When we say that things look stable on the credit front, we’re looking at all measures. We’re obviously looking at our own statistics in terms of delinquencies and early stage delinquencies which have all been pretty quiet on the front. One of the things that we’ve - that sort of piqued our interest is that obviously, you see in the market the spreads for - the high yield spreads going up. And so, when you take those out ex-energy, one of the things we noted is that, sort of in that lower level - lower tranches of the CMBS market, since June of last year, they’re up 200 basis points. And so, actually if you take high-yield bonds ex-energy, they are up 200 basis points in that period. If you take CMBS they’re up 200 basis points, bank spreads are up a little over that same period too. So we particularly look at that and then take a look at the underlying credit metrics. The only place and it’s not in M&T’s book, on a national level where you see both higher spreads and higher delinquencies, is in the indirect auto space. When we look at our book, maybe because it’s so concentrated in the 700 FICO space plus, we’ve actually seen no deterioration there. So those are some of the things we’ve been looking at lately.
Geoffrey Elliott: And then just as a follow-up, those sort of your market indicators that you follow, do you think there are reasons why the relationship might not work the same way as in the past or do you think the historical relationship should hold?
René Jones: It’s a great risk management question. I don’t know. I think - look, I think that you - our MO has typically been to be more cautious which has resulted in slower growth when times are great and everybody is available to lend. And when you look at the market today, the one thing that I would say that we’re seeing is not only are all banks healthy, large and small, but you’ve got the debt funds in the market, you’ve got the insurance companies back in the market and you saw some of the trends that we’re talking about. So in our minds, when we look at our reserves, for example, we tend to look at the idea that these loans are being underwritten, right, at historically - there is more pressure on people to do deals in lower structure and those types of things. So that means the loss is inherent and all books are probably are growing a little bit and when you get to these phases. I guess the other thing that I would say is what sometimes gives us pause, and then, this year we saw a couple of these things. When we look and we see that we’ve lost a customer and someone has taken our loan out that was actually a classified loan for us, right, that tends to worry us. If I take myself all the way back to the ‘80s, I remember lots of banks that were reporting low delinquencies and no foreclosures. But when you look at the underlying reason, it was because somebody was willing to refinance that buyer out, and so all the losses were hidden. I don’t think that changes, I don’t think you can always see it in your statistics. So you have to be very careful when times are good, because that’s when the difficult loans are made.
Geoffrey Elliott: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Brian Klock with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
René Jones: Hi, Brian.
Brian Klock: Hi, Rene. Hi, Don. Just a couple of quick follow-up questions. Rene, in the other revenue from operations, so it was $118 million, it was up $15 million from last year’s fourth quarter. The third quarter had, what, $14 million in gains - lease-related gains. So I guess the sequential increase still seems like there is maybe $18 million or $19 million quarter over quarter increase. Is there anything in there that’s nonrecurring or seasonal?
René Jones: Well, you know what, we had a very strong quarter in terms of commercial loan fees, either fees on origination or large syndication fees, both - some in size but also in volume. And what I would say is those tend to be relatively lumpy. The gain that you saw from the - in the third quarter was also related to one of our commercial businesses or commercial leasing business. So I wouldn’t expect every quarter to look like this one by any means. But having said that, I kind of step back and say, well, on the year-over-year basis, right, the business seems to be doing pretty well. And there’s fair amount of activity.
Brian Klock: Okay. Fair enough. And two last questions Hudson City related, I guess, thinking about the tax rate from Hudson City was higher than M&T’s core. I guess, after the adjustments for the tax credit what should we be thinking about for a consolidated tax rate for 2016?
René Jones: I can give you the theory. But I don’t think I can give you the tax rate. So obviously, so we had the tax credits there, so you got to adjust for that and you can see where M&T has been running as you do that. And then, we often talk about the marginal tax rate for the next dollar of income. That will be up slightly from where our marginal rate was before. You will have to take a look and get a reset as we get into the first quarter, but up slightly after you normalize for the $4.6 million. And when I say slightly, I’m very cautious to say that, because I don’t know how much you’ll notice it.
Brian Klock: Okay. Okay, and then, last question just with Hudson City in the books, still feeling good about the mid single digit accretion for 2016?
René Jones: Yes. Yes, I think we saw some accretion today. I mean, I think, I would say, an estimate for me is maybe $0.05 accretion in there from Hudson City in this first two months for the quarter. So that would be - that would kind of put us right on track if you think about achieving the rest of the cost saves.
Brian Klock: All right, sounds good. Thank you for your time.
René Jones: Sure.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
René Jones: Hey, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Hey, René. How are you? A question…
René Jones: Good. They always put you way in the back of the queue.
Gerard Cassidy: What’s that?
René Jones: They always put you way in the back of the queue.
Gerard Cassidy: I know. I guess, save the worst for last, I guess. Couple of questions for you. One, can you give us an update? Obviously your transitional tier 1 common ratio came in at about 11 - just over a shy of above 11%. We all know everybody has to carry extra capital to make it through CCAR. Can you remind us what you’re comfortable with in terms of keeping a buffer above what you think you need to get through CCAR in terms of this tier 1 common ratio, because 11% seems awfully high to me?
René Jones: Yes, 11% is very high. I mean, think of it this way. We were just over 9% when we entered our first CCAR. And we obviously got no objection, but we also - the point I’m making here would be we fared well on a quantitative basis. And then, when we entered the second time, we were below 10%, we were maybe, I don’t know, 9.80% or 9.70% or somewhere in that range, and we also fared well. So that kind of began to give us some sense of where we needed to put our target governance - in those areas is where our target governance that’s where if we started to get lower than that that we would be thinking about our governance process and maybe not having buy-backs and those types of things. But as you can see, we’re well above that.
Gerard Cassidy: Right.
René Jones: We’re above that because of couple of things, obviously the transaction. But now we’re generating capital at a very, very, very high rate.
Gerard Cassidy: Correct.
René Jones: And so our thought process is that our optimal capital structure is definitely lower than where it is at today. But we’ll have to work our way through the CCAR and go through that process. Having said that, when you look at this, to us it’s one of the more important things, I mean, it’s why we would go to pretty heavy length to continue to invest and make the CCAR process like perfectly linked with the rest of our processes in the bank, because it’s so important to be able to do well and to be able to show your risk profile, so you can return that capital. So that would be our view and our intent.
Gerard Cassidy: Last year, if I recall, I think you lost through the CCAR process your capital reduced by just under 300 basis points. So if we say the bogie for everybody is 5% tier 1 common after CCAR, which in your case, what, if you add 300 that would get you up to 8%. And obviously, you never want to run at 8%. Could you actually lower your tier 1 common to 9% if you wanted to or would that be some sort of violation of governance that you’d be hesitant to do that?
René Jones: Oh, no, I think you got to go through - you got to go through your process. The idea that you would dramatically start lowering your capital ratios, I don’t think it makes much sense. We tend to think about moving it in the right direction. But having said that, I mean, as I just framed, I mean, that’s probably where optimal capital structure is in that range, right around what you’re talking about and framed by last couple of CCARs. So there is a lot of excess over that, not quite 200 basis points, but near that. And you’re on the right topic. I think, the way I think about it, Gerard, is I was looking at the fact that we - as we talked about, we grew, I think we said 13% of tangible book value per share. So we’ve done that. We’re probably over our target capital ratios in generating that growth in tangible book value per share. And so the good news is we haven’t destroyed it or wasted it.
Gerard Cassidy: Right.
René Jones: And at the end of the day - at the end of the day, we got to protect it until we have the opportunity to return it to you or invested in something that’s above the returns that we get today.
Gerard Cassidy: Sure, which leads me to the next question, I believe last year your combined return of capital, dividend and buy-backs, as a percentage of earnings was under a 50%. I’m guessing you’re probably going to ask for more once you get all the scenarios that they’re going to give you guys for CCAR. But are guys comfortable being in that 80% to 90% of earnings like some of your regional peers are at already in returning that capital to shareholders?
René Jones: Well, I think for us, what I would say is that, you’re right. I mean, we’ve been - we’ve maintained a much more conservative posture in terms of payout ratios. And there is nothing on the surface that you could see that would suggest that we shouldn’t be returning capital at the same rate as others. And if I break that down for you, I think now what you’re going to see in terms of our peer group that that we share with you in our investor decks, we would now have the highest tier 1 common ratio, but for one. But the most important thing also is we’re generating capital probably at a faster rate as well. So there’s nothing that would suggest once you get through your stress test you look at your risk, one of the risks we’ll be looking at is our new concentration risk with mortgages in New Jersey. But as I should point out to you, when we ran the last two CCAR tests we had New Jersey in it and we had those presumed to be acquired loans in our stress test. So we’ll focus on that. But to your point, there is nothing that would suggest that we shouldn’t be able to return capital at a rate consistent - at least consistent with others.
Gerard Cassidy: Great and then just some quick questions, the Federal Reserve - Congress has reduced the amount of dividends the Federal Reserve will distribute to their members. I believe Bank of America said today, it’s going to cost them $50 million a quarter. Have you guys come out with anything that might affect you, assuming it affects you?
René Jones: Yes, so it’s about $9 million, the change.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay. And then, finally, on your tax spending, you mentioned that you are spending additional monies or continue to spend on tech. Can you give us an idea as a percentage of total expenses, is it 5%, 10%; any kind of color there?
René Jones: How do I do that? No, I mean, I think - I’m going to get it wrong if I do, because I don’t have it at the top of my head. But I think we’re talking tens of millions of dollars when we talk about increasing the rate. And if we can accelerate the rate of that technology spend a bit we’ll be in good shape. So would you notice it? You might notice it, when I step back over six months and the full year to - then we would be able to talk to you about how much that is. And I guess the reason for that is that, when we think about technology, we kind of shortcut it a bit. We’ve talked about just IT. But it’s not just sort of buying a system and putting it in. We’re doing a lot of process change. So, for example, in the wealth and institutional services division in Wilmington, we’re looking a lot at the different capture systems when a customer gets on-boarded. And going from that end and streamlining and changing the process, which involves automation. So it’s not like you just sort of turn the spigot on very fast. It’ll be a gradual rise and we’ve been focusing on that a couple of quarters. So I don’t know, I don’t think huge jump, tens of millions maybe, but not a huge jump. And we’ll probably talk about it more as we get through 2016.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. Thank you so much for your time.
René Jones: Thanks, Gerard [ph].
Operator: Thank you. That was our final question. Now, I’d like to turn the floor back over to Don MacLeod for any additional or closing remarks.
Donald MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, if clarification of any of the items on the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department at area code 716 842-5138. Thank you and good bye.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-19 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to M&T Bank’s Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participant lines have been placed in a listen only mode. After the speakers’ remarks, we will open the floor for questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Don MacLeod, Director of Investor Relations, please go ahead.
Don MacLeod: Thank you, Maria and good morning. I’d like to thank everyone for participating in M&T’s third quarter 2015 earnings conference call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website www.mtb.com and by clicking on the investor relations link. Also before we start I’d like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings including those found on forms 8-K, 10-K, and 10-Q for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now, I’d like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, René Jones.
René Jones: Thank you Don and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call this morning. As I’m sure you noticed in this morning’s press release, earnings were a bit soft relative to this year’s second quarter as origination activity slowed in both our residential and commercial mortgage banking operations. In addition, credit costs were slightly higher coming off unusually low second quarter levels. That said, growth in net interest income and certain other revenue categories combined with well-controlled operating expenses which enabled us to maintain solid efficiency ratio, slightly improved from both last quarter and last year’s third quarter. As I’m sure all of you are aware, our application to acquire Hudson City Bancorp was approved by the Federal Reserve on September 30th and by -- and subsequently by other regulators, and is set to close on November 1st. We’ll start out this morning by reviewing a few of the highlights from the recent quarter’s results, after which we’ll give you an update on our outlook for the merger and its benefits to M&T; then Don and I will be happy to take your questions. Turning to the results, diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $1.93 for the third quarter of 2015 compared with $1.98 in the second quarter and up from $1.91 in the third quarter of 2014. Net income for the quarter was $280 million compared with $287 million in the linked quarter and $275 million in the year ago quarter. Recall that in this year’s second quarter in connection with the divestiture of Wilmington Trust’s trade processing business we recorded a pretax gain of $45 million while operating expenses included $40 million in contributions to the M&T charitable foundation. Taken together, the two items reduced net income by about $1 million or $0.01 per common share. Since 1998, M&T has consistently provided supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis from which we exclude the after-tax effect of amortization of intangible assets as well as expenses and gains associated with mergers and acquisitions. After-tax expense from the amortization of intangible assets was $3 million or $0.02 per common share in the recent quarter compared with $4 million and $0.03 per common share in the second quarter. M&T’s net operating income for the third quarter which excludes intangible amortization was $283 million compared with $290 million in the linked quarter and $280 million in last year’s third quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $1.95 for the recent quarter compared with $2.01 in the previous quarter and up one penny from the year ago quarter. Net operating income yielded annualized rates of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders’ equity of 1.18% and 12.98% for the recent quarter, the comparable returns were 1.24% and 13.76% in the second quarter of 2015. In accordance with SEC guidelines, this morning’s press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP non-GAAP results including tangible assets and equity. Looking to the balance sheet and the income statement, taxable equivalent net interest income was $699 million for the third quarter of 2015, representing a 4% increase from last year’s third quarter and up $10 million or an annualized 6% from the linked quarter. The net interest margin was 3.14% during the quarter, down three basis points from 3.17% in the second quarter. Drivers of the change in margin were as follows: Higher levels of trust deposits placed with the Fed diluted the margin by about 2 basis points but had an immaterial impact on the dollar amount of net interest income. Offsetting that were higher levels of prepayment fees and cash interest received on non-accrual loans which boosted the margin by about 2 basis points. And that implies the majority of the 3 basis-point overall margin decline was attributable to core factors such as loan and deposit pricing. Average loans increased by $179 million or about 1% annualized compared with the second quarter. The quarter’s results were characterized by high levels of prepayment in addition to the usual slowdown in loans to auto dealers to finance their floor plan inventory. Looking at each of the portfolio categories on n average basis compared to the link quarter, commercial and industrial loans decreased in annualized 1%; excluding floor plan loans, C&I loans actually grew at a 3% annualized base. Commercial real estate loans increased by about 1% annualized. Residential mortgage loans declined $98 million on annualized 5%. We have chosen not to replace runoff in this portfolio in advance of the Hudson City merger as its portfolio is almost entirely comprised of residential mortgages. Consumer loans grew an annualized 8%, reflecting good growth in indirect auto and recreation finance loans. We were pleased to see that the mid-Atlantic was our strongest region for loan growth during the past quarter, averaging about 6% annualized growth while our Metro region which includes New Jersey, averaged 3% growth. Average core consumer deposits which excludes deposits received at M&T’s Cayman Island office and CDs over 250,000, increased an annualized 4% from the second quarter, primarily due to the higher levels of trust deposits I referenced earlier. Average investment securities increased $246 million or 1.7% compared with the second quarter. We are currently in compliance with the liquidity coverage ratio requirement that comes into effect in early -- at the beginning of 2016. Turning to non-interest income, non-interest income or fee income totaled $440 million in the third quarter. The comparable figure in the linked quarter was $497 million which included the $45 million gain on the trade processing sale, I mentioned earlier. Mortgage banking revenues were $84 million in the third quarter compared with $103 million in the prior quarter. Residential mortgage banking revenues declined by $8 million; about half relating to lower gains on sale which came as a result of a 13% decline in mortgage loans originated for sale while the other half came from softer residential servicing revenues. Commercial mortgage banking revenues were down $10 million from the prior quarter as purchases of multifamily commercial mortgages by the GSEs slowed from the first half of the year as they managed to the annual caps imposed by their regulator. Service charges on deposit accounts increased to $107 million, up from $105 million in the second quarter. The increase was balanced between consumer and commercial. Trust income was $114 million in the recent quarter compared with $119 million in the previous quarter. The second quarter figure included $3 million of seasonal tax preparation fees; the remainder of the decline is largely attributable to lower market values of managed assets due to the recent stock market decline. We note that after adjusting for the impact of the trade processing sale, both the gain and the divested revenues total non-interest revenue was up 2% through the first three quarters of 2015 compared with the same period last year. Turning to expenses, expenses continue to be well-controlled. Operating expenses for the third quarter which exclude expenses from the amortization of tangible assets were $650 million, down from $691 million in the linked quarter which of course included the $40 million donation to the M&T Charitable Foundation. On a year-over-year basis, operating expenses declined $8 million or 1%. Sharply lower professional service costs were partially offset by higher employee benefit expenses. As a result, the efficiency ratio which excludes intangible amortization was 57.1% for the third quarter, improved from 58.2% in the second quarter and 58.4% in the year ago quarter. Next, let’s turn to credit. Non-accrual loans were $787 million or 1.15% of total loans at the end of the third quarter, a $10 million or 2 basis-point decline from the end of the second quarter. Net charge-offs for the third quarter were $40 million compared with $21 million in the second quarter. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of loans were 24 basis points for the period compared with an unusually low 13 basis points in the previous quarter. Looking back over the past two years, our trend in credit losses has been fairly consistent. Annualized net charge-offs were 19 basis points of total loans for the first three quarters of 2015, unchanged from the first three quarters of 2014. The provision for credit losses was $44 million in the second quarter, exceeding net charge-offs by $4 million. That excess provision brought the allowance for credit losses to $934 million at the end of September and reflects our assessment of a loss content in the loan portfolio. The ratio of allowance to loans was 1.36%, unchanged from the prior quarter. The loan loss allowance as September 30th was seven times 2015’s annualized year-to-date net charge-offs. Finally, loans 90 days past due on which we continue to accrue interest, excluding acquired loans that have been marked to fair value at acquisition were $231 million at the end of the recent quarter. Of these loans, $194 million or 84% are guaranteed by government related entities. Turning to capital, our common equity Tier 1 ratio under the transitional Basel III capital rule currently in effect, was an estimated 10.08% at the end of the recent quarter, up from 9.91% at the end of June. Now turning to the outlook, this past quarter was important as it represents our last quarter before the combination of M&T and Hudson City. We thought it would be helpful to revisit where M&T has been on a standalone basis before we offer our thoughts on the impact from Hudson City. Through the first three quarters, our average loan growth is 4.8%, still running slightly ahead of the 4% projection we gave on the January earnings call, despite a very competitive lending environment. Our outlook on net interest margin remains unchanged consistent with past comments. The pressure on the core margin from loan and deposit pricing remains in the area of about 3 basis points per quarter. Net interest income is up 2% through the first three quarters of ‘15 compared with the same period last year. While an increase in short-term rates would more than offset those margin pressures, should that occur; we’ve learned not to hold our breath waiting for such an event. It’s worth noting that the elevated levels of prepayment fees and interest on non-accrual loans in the past quarter could well return to more normal levels in the fourth quarter. The softness in the mortgage markets especially non-interest income, as noted earlier, adjusting for the trade processing divestures, non-interest revenues were also up 2% over the first three quarters compared to last year’s -- the same period last year. Taken together, 2% growth in both spread revenues and fee revenues illustrates the slow revenue growth environment in which we’re operating. Regarding expenses, we are pleased with our progress towards improving our efficiency ratio over the course of this year. We remain focused on optimizing areas of our expense base as a way of funding the additional investments we want to make toward enhancing our technology infrastructure. It remains our goal to demonstrate continued improvement in the efficiency ratio over time. Credit trends have shown little change. Although the net charge-offs increased this quarter from what was an unsustainably low level in the second quarter, the 19 basis-point charge-off ratio for the year-to-date period has been consistent for some time now and other credit measures are still trending in a positive direction. In all, the slow revenue growth environment has been challenging for banks, although we’ve tracked relatively well versus our peer group. It’s has been our historical practice in this type of environment to focus on managing expenses to produce modest positive operating leverage, such that the growth in the bottom line is a little bit better than the top line. So, let’s turn to Hudson City and the impact from the merger. After a long waiting period, we are pleased that based on our estimates, the economics of the transaction are intact. Our current expectation is that the merger will contribute mid-single-digit accretion to net operating earnings in 2016, slightly lower than our previous estimate. This excludes revenue synergies or changes in business mix that should occur over time. At the same time, we estimate higher accretion to tangible book value per share and higher accretion to regulatory capital than our previous estimates. Those higher upfront economic benefits reflect the impact of changes in market conditions on the value of Hudson City’s assets and liabilities. As such a greater portion of the economics of the transaction will be realized upfront in the opening balance sheet in the form of tangible capital. To the extent this capital can be deployed effectively or returned to shareholders, there could be additional positive impact on future earnings per share. In summary, our key estimates for the transaction are as follows: Mid-single digit accretion in net operating earnings in 2016; immediately accretive to tangible book value per share; immediate accretion to the regulatory capital ratios in the range of 50 to 70 basis points. Our estimated internal rate of return from the transaction is unchanged from our due diligence estimates of approximately 18%. Underlying those estimates are the following assumptions: We expect to close the transaction on November 1st, but don’t anticipate fully converting Hudson City to M&T systems and back-office until sometime near the end of the first quarter of 2016. We still expect to de-lever the Hudson City balance sheet, but the implementation of the liquidity coverage ratio may require us to retain a modest portion of the securities and borrowings as compared with our original projections. When that de-leveraging is completed and inclusive of acquisition accounting, we expect Hudson City to add about $19 billion of loans and $24 billion of assets to M&T’s premerger balance sheet. The retention of securities and borrowings in order to neutralize the impact from Hudson City’s balance sheet on our liquidity coverage ratio position will modestly reduce the net interest margin for the consolidated balance sheet below premerger M&T, but will have little impact on net interest income. Our estimate of merger-related expenses is substantially unchanged from our original projections. When the deal was announced we estimated that we would be able to rationalize approximately 24% of Hudson City’s premerger expense base, net of additions to staff required to build out a commercial banking capabilities within the Hudson City footprint. Given that we’ve added to our existing presence in New Jersey, we believe we can likely exceed our original estimate. Of course as you are aware, our projections are subject to a number of uncertainties in various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in the interest rates and credit spread, political events, and other macroeconomic factors which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. Now, let’s open up the call to questions before which Maria will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of David Eads of UBS.
David Eads: Maybe starting out kind of what you’ve touched on last about the progress on hiring the commercial lenders in New Jersey in the Hudson City footprint. Can you remind us how -- whether you are kind of already there and basically how quickly you think you can ramp up the loan growth in the Hudson City footprint?
René Jones: So, in total, we have on the ground 122 I believe this last count of folks focused on interfacing with customers. And we have -- our loan book has now grown in the interim time here to about 1.5 billion and is pretty much on track with sort of what our expectation was when we sort of set out to do this. And the teams are working very well together. So, it’s not just commercial bankers, we’ve got very strong team of wealth professionals from Wilmington Trust. We have basically mortgage folks; we have the full complement. What will be added to that is our presence in the branches which tends -- obviously is a benefit to commercial but it will be a real benefit to business banking lending. And so my sense is we’ve got a nice pace of growth there from commercial and commercial real estate -- in the commercial real estate space. It will be nice to get a boost from the business banking side as well. So, I don’t anticipate any difficulty in building out an M&T bank in New Jersey.
David Eads: And then how should we think about the trajectory for the mortgages on the balance sheet? You guys obviously ran it down decently this quarter and Hudson City has been running theirs down; it seems like 3% to 4% a quarter. Should we kind of expect those kind of trends to continue or is there anything else we should think about from the mortgage on the balance sheet side?
René Jones: No, I don’t think so. I think the model that Hudson City ran, particularly with the volume and the volume includes use of brokerages is for us will be discontinued, so that will reduce in that balance sheet streaking over time. And I don’t -- I mean it’s sort of a random walk. So, look at current prepayments fees, look at how the portfolio has been paying down over the last six months and that’s where I would focus my attention.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: My first question is just a little bit of more detail on the standalone guidance that you gave, René. You made a significant amount of -- continued to make significant amount of progress on the expense front for standalone M&T. And I am wondering as we think about the $200 million in other costs of operations, is that a sustainable number going forward or how much more savings do we think can come out of that line?
René Jones: So, I think at this point in time what we are doing in terms of looking at efficiencies is we’re examining our whole operations and not any one particular line item on the balance sheet. So that could come all the way through the categories from salaries and benefits, all the way through that the other operating expenses that you mentioned. We maybe a little bit high today in professional services which still amount of -- some measure of work going on in the compliance and responses that we need to complete; little bit around CCAR that we need to complete. But as that goes away, you’ll see that we report into IT. So as an example, our total IT expense I think from second to the third quarter was up $8 million. You see that total expenses are flat. That’s essentially what’s been happening. So other expenses have come down but we’ve redeployed that into investment in IT. That’s the type of thing that I would expect to keep happening. But I think -- I don’t know that I would be solely focused on other operating expenses; I’d be focused on the whole picture.
Erika Najarian: So in that case, is $654 million a good level set of a base that we should think about as we think about standalone M&T from here?
René Jones: I don’t know. In a very-very-very short-term, sure; but in terms of what we’re really trying to do is we’re trying to get a positive spread between revenue growth and expenses. So, it could go higher depending on what our opportunities are. I think it’s worth, we’ve been looking a little bit back at where we’ve been to kind of come up with our thoughts there. And Don and Andy and I looked at every quarter going back three years and we looked at our performance on each category relative to our peer group which is 12 institutions. We basically came out on top in terms of revenue growth over that period. And we came out in terms of PP&R, so revenue minus expense; we came out top quartile. One of the things that’s been noticeably different is we have been continually -- we’ve not taken our down our allowance and you’ve seen that we provided more in our allowance. And that’s a bit of a different trend than we’ve seen in the performance of peers that they sort of have taken their – right-sized their allowance to some degree. So when we look at it, we kind of think to ourselves, okay, boy, we wish our overall performance over that period was a little bit better in terms of EPS. But at the end of the day, in terms of the strength of the franchise, we’re doing pretty well on the revenue growth front in a tough environment. So, our goal would be able to keep -- to try to keep doing that and which would mean that maybe we would grow expenses slightly but as long as we grow them slower, it will keep us on our mission.
Erika Najarian: And just one last one on Hudson City, as you mentioned, the accretion to tangible book value and regulatory capital is going to be greater than expected. And you plan to return or thinking about returning that excess back to shareholders. In your understanding of the CCAR process, is the capital that you are going to accrete from that deal outside of the regular course of M&T business going to be looked at separately by the regulators in CCAR as they think about how much of your earnings that you could payout in 2016?
René Jones: Well, I think the way you need to think about it is prior to an acquisition, your job is to on a pro forma basis bring the two organizations together and try to understand if it still fits the risk profile that you’re comfortable in running an institution. And one of the biggest measures of that is that how does it fare under stressful conditions. And so we’ve done that formally two times, maybe three or four. So, our sense today is as we look at that, we look at the combined institution. Having said that, we generate a lot of capital on our own and we’re now sitting with more capital than we had anticipated when we were running those stress tests and were doing that on a portfolio that will continue to run down and be right-sized to the size of the franchise. So said another way, we’re going to generate a lot of excess capital as we move forward. And I think we just have to present that the right way. And like always we may find opportunities to deploy it; if we don’t, we got to figure out ways to make sure we get that back to the shareholders. But I think based on our previous tests and kind of how we feel where we’ve been running recently, we think when we complete the deal, we’ll have quite a bit of excess capital.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt O’Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matt O’Connor: I want to follow up on the comment that including Hudson City there’d be a modest pressure to the NIM but little impact of it on net interest income dollars. I just want to clarify that because obviously you’re adding $24 billion of assets and I would net of NIM pressure, there’s still actual accretion to net and interest income dollars. So, maybe I heard that wrong.
René Jones: Thanks Matt for that question; let me clarify. So, when we originally started out, we had said that we bring the two institutions together. It didn’t really have an effect on our printed net interest margin percentage. And at that time we were de-levering all of the securities. It seems like the most economical thing to do is to keep in the neighborhood of $2 billion of those securities and hang on to some of the borrowings. And that’s almost like what we’ve been doing over the past two years of adding in those securities to corporate ratios. So, if you just look at that slightly higher than $2 billion trade, we think that is kind of -- that is neutral to net interest income. And then -- so therefore instead of being neutral when we bring the two institutions together, we’ll be slightly lower in our net interest margin as a combined entity. That more clear?
Matt O’Connor: Okay, got it. So including all $24 billion of assets, the NIM will be a little bit lower; obviously you pick up a lot of dollars of the interest income then.
René Jones: Yes, exactly.
Matt O’Connor: And then just coming back to the actual accretion, what’s the tangible book value accretion that you estimate now and is that before after marks?
René Jones: Everything we said is after marks; it’s the end result; haven’t really said the number -- think about in the range of 3%. Remember that when we first did the transaction, when you use percentages, the bank was a lot smaller and the capital was smaller, so those dollar numbers are actually larger than what 3% or 4% would have produced three years ago.
Matt O’Connor: And then just lastly, as we think about the earnings accretion and what that gets us in terms of call it combined earnings power of company, show we just take this quarter’s earnings; annualize it; maybe assume some modest growth of that and then mid-single digit accretion; and that’s good the starting point, obviously without any benefit of higher rates or anything like that?
René Jones: I can’t pick for you the quarter to start with but I think you’re thinking about it the right way and that sort of why we talked about where we’ve been trending as a standalone organization. And if we didn’t have Hudson City, we try to tell you the things that we would be doing. And I mean the operating leverage concept is that you can produce more on the bottom line then you get on you get on your top line but you can’t change the fact that we’re in a low revenue growth environment, all the banks are in that same space. So, I can’t pick your starting point, but just step back a bit, I think that’s how you should -- that’s how I would go about it; that’s how we’re going about it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Klock of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Brian Klock: So, maybe just following up on the M&T standalone guidance discussion, you talked earlier about just the challenging revenue and in that sort of neighborhood so far you’ve seen about 2% revenue growth I guess from NII and from the fee income lines. I guess what’s -- when you think about your projections for standalone M&T into the next 12 months, what kind of operating leverage are you trying to target? Are you trying target 1% to 2% positive operating leverage or what -- I guess what’s the sort of thought process around if it’s going to be a 2% revenue growth environment, does that you mean you are going be trying to keep expenses flat or how should we think about that?
René Jones: I like the idea that we were able to -- I think we got 1% to 1.5% improvement in efficiency ratio year-over-year and I think that -- let’s think about this way, if you did that every other year, you defiantly have the lowest cost structure in the industry. And that was probably 2% or so. So, if you can get 1% spread over a long period of time, it gives you a tremendous advantage that might be we shoot for that but as long as we get positive operating leverage -- any positive operating leverage is a good thing.
Brian Klock: I think you’re looking at to how challenging it’s been and obviously the expense you guys have put in BSA/AML is still pretty impressive when I think about the returns you have generated versus your peers. So, I am looking forward to having you guys focus on what you do well and getting those costs down and integrating the deal. I guess on a follow-up side of this on the Hudson City impact, you mentioned mid-single-digit accretion of ‘16, but it sounds like from the timing of layering in the integration and obviously in some of the LCR stuff that seems to be early in the year, do you think that by the time we get to the back half of ‘16 that we might be maybe upper single digits to accretion as your run rate into ‘17 or how should we think about that?
René Jones: I think there are two things to think about. I think the first one you’ve got which is that we can’t get expense savings until we get through the integration. So, you’ve got that which I wouldn’t expect to see -- really benefits of that really until the second quarter. And then on the other side of it, this is the real banking work; we’ve got to change the mix. So, balance sheet there was ballooned with more mortgages than we would have practically carried which means that you’re relatively aggressive in your deposit pricing. And you’re only using time. But for us as over time we convert that to sort of the full-service commercial type bank, we should be able to get some synergies from bringing on more non-interest bearing deposits and those more sort of core business and consumer deposits. That will take some time but that’s what our job is.
Brian Klock: And then last question, it has been pretty challenging from a commercial growth perspective for the industry this quarter; it’s been seasonally soft. Obviously you’ve pointed out the dealer floor plan which is seasonally soft. Obviously the fourth quarter for dealer floor plan comes back, I guess what you think about your core sort of middle-market C&I customer and maybe can talk about what you’re seeing in the pipeline and for the fourth quarter?
René Jones: It’s interesting. We gather all the commentary from every single region every quarter we sit down and we chat. And the as I look at it this quarter, it’s been the quietest ever since. And what I mean by that is it’s not like the competition is abated but when you look spreads particularly in what we call middle-market which is mostly C&I, most of the regions had decent originations and from a roll-on margin perspective, it was not different from the previous quarter; so there wasn’t continued pressure there or increasing pressure. My sense is that our sales force has done a very, very nice job. And it doesn’t change the competitive environment. But I can’t imagine that we would see it slowing in any way, shape or form. I mentioned it in the comments that we’re really pleased to see the mid-Atlantic kind of have another quarter growth which seems like those guys on the ground there have really sort of turned it around from where we were a couple of years ago. So things look pretty good. The one trend that we saw that we’ve been sort of internally talking about which is the long-term trend is we saw a number of payoffs in Western New York and the largest of those were companies being taken out by private equity firms and financed outside of our bank. So that’s a trend that you step way back in non-bank lending private equity in those spaces had an impact on the industry. And I think that might continue.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bob Ramsey of FBR.
Bob Ramsey: Thinking about loan growth, I know you talked about sort of continued attrition on the resi book. If I look at M&T standalone, you’ve grown loans about $3 billion over the last year. Hudson City has seen just north of that in loan attrition. Is it fair to think that, on a combined basis, you guys are more or less flat over the next 12 months?
René Jones: I don’t know -- I mean I don’t think you’re thinking about it wrong, but I just think look at the prepayments fees there. I think you’re right; our outlook for the loan growth is not any different than we’ve been running. And we’ve been running at about 5% loan growth annually. Don and I talked about it before but we’ve been slightly ahead of that. And I think what’s important is we’ve been doing that with very limited margin compression. So, not just the loan growth, it’s can you do it with rationale rates. So,. I would guess we are able to stay there.
Bob Ramsey: Shifting gears back to kind of the capital question, you guys really emphasize you’re going to generate a lot of capital going forward and you are starting off in a stronger place in terms of equity accretion than when the deal was announced. How are you thinking now about the potential to use the share repurchase authorization in your 2015 CCAR test now that you’ve got the approval and Hudson City will close pretty quickly here?
René Jones: Process-wise, what it makes us think about Bob is, it’s obviously worth it to continue to invest and focus on our CCAR process because while we’re all used to historically just looking at it from a quantitative perspective, the gate-keeping is all around the qualitative. So, we’ll continue to put heavy emphasis in that area, making sure that we continue to make good progress there and keep up with what the best standards are in the industry. And then I think we’re well below the payout ratios even with what we submitted and got approved last time. We’re sort of at the low-end ratio with total payout of our peers. So my sense is that has to get normalized. But even after that, I think given the circumstances that we’ve just talked about, if didn’t think about some other opportunities, capital would continue to grow. So, we’ve got to think about that strategically. But I would expect that we’ll try to normalize our payout ratios with the rest of the industry.
Bob Ramsey: I guess what I’m saying is given that position, it sounds like you all are inclined to use the $200 million of authorization you’ve got this year?
René Jones: The way you asked that question, we don’t have any different -- we don’t have any different thoughts than when we submitted our plan.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. I guess -- and maybe I don’t remember right, I thought originally when you all had submitted the plan the thought was you want to get Hudson City done first but you did want to have this out there and sort of see how the year progressed and would sort of assess…
René Jones: I see what you’re asking; yes, that’s absolutely true; that’s exactly the same. Getting the integration behind us is sort of a watershed event for us. So, we’ll get that behind us and then think about how we move forward there. But it’s not different from what I was saying earlier.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. Any thoughts on other bank M&A, now that this deal has finally got an approval?
René Jones: The only thought I have is number one, we’re going to focus on the integration of this deal. We think we’ve got it well under control and that it’s not likely -- it’s likely to go pretty smoothly. And then on that basis, I guess the thing I would just sort of reiterate is that despite how much capital you have sitting around we don’t do transactions unless they make a lot of economic sense. And so doing them for the sake of doing them doesn’t have much appetite for us. So, we’ll just have to see what comes up. But our first priority is to sort of finish our risk work and integrate this transaction and a lot of work on the ground in New Jersey. So we’re happy about that. I guess I would say from what I know today, we’re relatively content with the work we have in front of us.
Bob Ramsey: Last question and I’ll hop out. But just on the FDIC assessment line, can you remind us what the expectation is for the FDIC insurance expense with Hudson City in there both I guess in the fourth quarter and then I think that that rate sort of gets reevaluated; I just can’t remember exactly how it works.
René Jones: I’ve got a lot of blank stares around the table.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. We can circle back up on that offline I guess.
René Jones: Yes, sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache of Nomura.
Bill Carcache: Can you talk about how far Hudson City is currently from where you think you’ll need to get it, so that you have the kind of branch density that you’ve historically had in your core markets where I guess convenience has been one of the factors that has enabled you to enjoy below market funding costs?
René Jones: It’s a great question. I mean let me start off by saying if you’ve got a publish an investor presentation somewhere in the next 30 days, but when you look at the branch presence that we get with 130 branches which are not all in New Jersey, some complement -- there’s some complement -- we’re in Connecticut for the first time. We have very-very nice complement on Long Island. So, when you look at what happens on Long Island from the Hudson City branches combined with the M&T branches, I think you get a meaningful change there. And I’m starting on a smaller end. And then if you actually think about Philadelphia, we were in Philadelphia; then we did Wilmington which gotten more of a presence and we get a few branches in Philadelphia again which helps the density over time. If I go back 15 years ago, everybody would ask what are you doing in Philadelphia. Over time that changes and that density matters a lot. New Jersey, I think we’re in a good starting position, I forget it was fourth or fifth deposit share, we like to be in the top two or three. And we think that if you’re in the top two or three, you get meaningful -- make a meaningful difference. So my sense is we have work to do there over time but just think about it today I think we have in the neighborhood of -- I’m going to get this wrong, 700 branches to 800 branches -- 700, somewhere in that neighborhood. So, adding a 130 is significant. And so I think it gets us off to a pretty good start. It’ll take some time but we’ll start -- it’ll make a difference especially relative to last year.
Bill Carcache: Switching over to some of the accretion impacts that you ran through earlier, if we set that aside, those immediate impacts and just kind of look forward a little bit longer term, can you talk about what are you most excited about and where you see the greatest opportunity from a P&L perspective?
René Jones: Yes, I don’t know if I can do it from a P&L perspective but what I’m most excited about is the significance -- significantly outsized level of opportunity for small businesses, middle-market companies in New Jersey in terms of density versus our existing footprint. And we’re not coming in sort of thinking about we’ve just bought some branches and we’re going to work out, we’re coming in with a full-service bank. So, we have the ability to meet the needs of those. And we think we’re differentiated in our approach relative to the existing institutions that serve those markets today. So it’s not one line item. I think that the way in which we’re going to be able to come in with our product set which is now much broader than it was 15 years ago, my sense is that I’m really, really looking forward to becoming a really a well-known productive member of those communities. The other thing I’m excited about is we add a lot of employees on the ground in New Jersey. And adding significant amounts of people is really what makes us notable in a community. It’s not just the guys that are out there making loans, it’s that we begin to have the ability to have people in all kinds of the sort of organizations that improve the quality of life in New Jersey and we try to become part of the fabric. So it’s hard to say it’s going to be across the board but that’s what I’m most excited about, it should be a lot of fun.
Bill Carcache: And switching gears to the fee income line, I wanted to follow up on some of the comments that you made about the softness that was on mortgage banking revenues this quarter. Can you frame for us what kind of run rate for standalone M&T we should be thinking about going forward in -- broadly in the fee income line?
René Jones: Yes. So, I gave you the impacts of the decline, little less than half in retail; half in commercial. On the retail side, we’ve been moving along -- part of that decline was in our mortgage servicing book; and then short-term you could see that stay at those levels. But we do have, as I mentioned, the appetite and the capacity at some point, should the opportunity arise to do more in that space. So, when you think longer term, my sense is as long as we remain a strong servicer through with strong policies and performance that we have today that could be a bigger space for us and provide some upside to where we’re running. If you go to the commercial side, a lot of the decline was really caused by the cap. So, the business is running along, I would suspect that in that business across the industry you saw probably the similar decline. In our case, maybe it was a little bit more and I think we’re at the lower levels that we’ve seen in the long time. So even despite the cap, my sense is that we could still a little bit of a rebound there as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sameer Gokhale of Janney Montgomery Scott.
Sameer Gokhale: I just want to go back your commentary about the 24% in cost saves that you are anticipating. I just wanted to clarify because I think going back to your comments a while back when the deal was announced it looks like a lot of those costs were associated with technology related and similar type costs. So, should I expect that you realize those in Q4, and then Q1 2016 onwards you have that cost reduction all baked in; is that the way to think about it? Because I think those were related to data processing and service agreements and the like. So I just want to clarify that.
René Jones: The sort of base elements of what you’re saying are correct, but remember, unlike what we have done in our history, we couldn’t this time do a simultaneous merger conversion. So, we need all that technology. The bank will run on its existing technology through conversion which doesn’t take place until the first quarter. So post that, when we’re not using those services, those services, post the first quarter will be performed by M&T.
Sameer Gokhale: And then just thinking about the timeframe, obviously it’s been two years now and you’ve finally got the approval to close on the deal. But relative to your initial expectations, I would’ve thought between then and now that there might have been additional areas where you could have maybe realized or thought about more operating efficiencies and the like, so that when you close the deal, you’d probably get more of the benefit in that regard than you might have initially expected. So, was it just a function of the deal kind of dragging on and the fact that maybe Hudson City couldn’t make the changes it needed to in anticipation of the deal that might result in less cost savings or the same cost savings relative to what you’d have estimated? I was just wondering why there couldn’t be more in savings just given the fact that you’ve had more time to work through operational issues and the like.
René Jones: So, it’s really, really -- it’s a great question. It’s really, really important to understand that in today’s environment until you have approval, you really can’t go anywhere near that other institution, you run totally separately and you don’t have any influence over the management whatsoever. And that’s not a gray area at all. So, we have not been engaged in any of that type of activity. I think the other thing is that really where a lot of the -- all of our areas are fantastic, but there are very few places where you get the full force of an M&T like banking experience where you don’t have a lot of branches. So, the idea that we now are bringing on the branches, all those branch employees, I think that actually will give us a lot more opportunities in time to be thinking about that. And they’re not -- don’t think about it all as in this particular case, as expense reduction; think of it as opportunities to sort of apply broader services to that same set of customers who today are using really basic time accountings. They all have banking account relationships. They’re not just doing their full-service banking with Hudson.
Sameer Gokhale: And then just a question again just going back to the yields on your C&I loans and I think you referenced also growth in indirect auto. And indirect auto in particular has been an area where people have talked a lot in the prime side about margin compression, yield compression; and on the C&I side, of course you saw some yield compression. And I would say that that has been a little bit mixed. And I think you’ve been seeing yields coming down, but were you surprised by the magnitude of your decline in the yield sequentially because there seem to be some banks talking about now finally some stabilization in yields on the commercial side. So, if you can just talk about your C&I yield ex where you ended up relative to expectations, and then on the indirect auto, why pursue growth here when that’s one of the most competitive areas out there? So, just to get your thoughts would be helpful.
René Jones: It didn’t feel to me like we had significant compression. Obviously when we look at C&I yields, we look -- we net out the prepayment fees and things like that, the first fees. And as I look at not the balance sheet, but we’ve spent a lot of time, I’ve got a deck of looking at all the new loans that are coming onto the system. As I said earlier, they came on at spreads that were pretty consistent with the last two quarters. So, I didn’t see a big change there. I would agree, I would agree that -- let me say it this way, it won’t take much of a rate increase at all for all that margin compression to go away. And I kind of feel like even with where there is speculation about rates increasing, the actual market rates increase, and I think it benefits us. So, my sense is that a lot of what we had seen a year or more ago has slowed down. But I think the pricing on loans I don’t expect the margins to be able to go up. But I think the overall movement in the balance sheet stays sort of where it is now, unless we get a little increase in rates.
Sameer Gokhale: Okay. That’s helpful. And I just want to congratulate you again on getting the approval for Hudson City after a long time, finally good to see that. So, thanks for your comments.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Burnell of Wells Fargo Securities.
Matt Burnell: Just a couple of follow-ups, first on credit losses. I realized your point that year-to-date losses are pretty -- in terms of the ratio are basically right on top of where they were last year. But just looking at this quarter versus the last quarter, was there any clean up in the portfolio that you were looking at ahead of the Hudson City transaction or is that -- was that basically a one-off or two-off this quarter that you don’t expect to continue, given what appears to be guidance for pretty stable credit performance going forward on a M&T standalone basis?
René Jones: No, there is no such thing as cleanup at M&T. As we see things, we record them. But I what I would say is that just think about it this way. If you take the second and third quarter and merge them together, I think you come out with a charge-off rate of 18.5 basis points. So, the message has been incredibly stable in terms of any way you look at it, we seem to be running about 19 basis points. So my sense is unless we see some change in the economy or that over a long periods of -- over a while, will be there. Now having said that I think our lowest charge-off rate in my time is 16 basis points. So, it doesn’t get much lower than this and our average is 37. So, these are the points in time when you typically would see that we’re at a place where each quarter we’ve added a little bit to the allowance because you’re kind of as good as it gets. And you got to start making sure that is as things are frothy out there particularly with the other bank, with other lenders and particularly with non-bank lenders, the competitiveness tends to cyclically turn around and produce issues on credit. And so we’re sort of looking forward there and you’ve seen us add a little bit to our allowance over time. That would be pretty typical because we’re sort of at lows in charge-off experience and eventually that has to turn around.
Don MacLeod: The other thing I’d mention maybe it’s -- Matt, you’re seeing a sort of statistically stable level of charge-offs coming out of the consumer portfolios but commercial charge-offs come when they come. And there was a very low level of commercial charge-offs in 2Q and just a couple of loans that the charged off in 3Q.
Matt Burnell: Understood, that’s helpful. And then René, you mentioned your focus is in -- is really turning to tech investments with sort of the incremental investment dollar that you’re creating with some savings elsewhere. Can you give us a little more color as to what areas those tech investment are going to focus on? I think you’ve mentioned CCAR as being an area where you still want to make sure that your processes are continuing to improve, but are there other investments maybe in the retail product side or other areas that you are also targeting?
René Jones: Yes. So, there are four to five general themes that make up our technology plan. Just sort of generally speaking, one theme is integrated risk and regulatory compliance reporting of platforms, making sure all of our regulatory activities are sitting on the same platform; rethinking of our integrated sales and service capabilities not by line of business but across the board. We’re looking at a lot around origination, account opening on onboarding frameworks for the institution. We’re looking at a whole another category which is employee experience, reducing the work and time -- administrative time that our employees have to spend. And then finally, another line of category is sort of things that allow us to have a 360 degree view of the customer. So, to give you some more specifics, I mean couple of things that we’ve been -- in the works for a little while now is one of the things we’re doing is we’re developing a framework for centralized management and linking of customer data to create an enterprise customer hub. So, we’ve never really had a full-service enterprise customer hub. It will take a long time to get there but we’ve been spending money moving in that direction and think of a platform that all of each individual business could use regardless of where the customer comes in. On the regulatory front and more, we’re doing a lot around enterprise data management. We’ve got a large data quality initiative going on. And really what we’re trying to do there is to position the bank’s data sources for scalability and usability. And initially we think that helps us you know strengthen our reporting and our regulatory front but ultimately we think that helps us have higher integrity around our customer data. And we think as we move forward, that will be a big-big benefit. Many of these things are -- you mentioned the customer side, we’re doing a lot around the expansion of our online banking platform to include things like mobile banking alerts, analytics and the like, and also technology that could be used in the branch network as well to supplement the branch network like remote check deposits and so forth. So the way I’d say is we’ve got a very large framework, it’s not in one area but we just think that given where we are, these types of efforts are going to be key for us to be much more efficient over time. The banking industry as a whole has not been at the forefront of technology investment but we think in the future, you really need to sort of -- that will be one of the biggest competitive advantages.
Matt Burnell: Sounds like no opportunity to sit still. The final question I have is you mentioned you’re growing presence in Long Island in Connecticut partly helped by the HCBK transaction. And also your ideal market share is usually top two or three in most markets. It doesn’t appear that you’re very close to that in either Connecticut or Long Island. Is that an area over time that you would like to grow into a number two or number three or is that -- does that target really not apply to those markets?
René Jones: No, I think that economics of banking, they don’t change. It matters that you’ve got a very strong market position to be an outperformer there. But having said that, I think if you’d asked Bob Wilmers when is the first time you thought about the idea that you could have a bank in New Jersey, it would have been a long, long time ago and not -- but the opportunities -- the right opportunities with the right people don’t just come around every day. So, you really can’t predict that. So, those are all markets that we like a lot that are very attractive. And at some point in time, it’s the right opportunity were to present itself, so we go there. But it’s not a predictable thing. I think we wanted to be in New Jersey for decades.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Ken Zerbe of Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe: René, you mentioned that the tangible book value accretion, call it 3% or so, if I heard right, I just wanted to square that up with the $2 billion of borrowings that you guys plan on keeping. Normally, I would assume that if you refinance the $2 billion from Hudson that would’ve incurred a fairly large charge, given the long duration nature of the liabilities. How much is not refinancing those securities adds to tangible book value if that makes sense?
René Jones: No. So, the way you think about it is the step one, you mark everything to market, so that gets -- that charge that you’re talking about we will take it is the same charge. But now when you’re sitting on your balance sheet, you have those same liabilities or should be exactly what you could go out and fund in the market, so they’re substitutable. So, we will take the charges; that won’t change. So almost, you could almost think about it as getting new funding. Market prices shouldn’t be any different. The one thing I would tell you Ken is that relative to when we started, Hudson City had a lot of MBS and those types of things. That’s kind of been mostly replaced with cash and treasuries. So, a lot of the execution risk that you had way back then is now gone and should be pretty executable.
Ken Zerbe: And then in terms of the timing of selling the -- the security, say you will be selling; is that something you can actually get done by year-end or are you going to be holding some of those in the first quarter.
René Jones: We think we can probably get the majority of it done by year-end. We will be doing most of it as you said in the first quarter and we will watch to make sure that we don’t have any disruption in the markets there. But I think that’s our expectation that we’ll have the majority if it done by year-end.
Ken Zerbe: So, first quarter should have more of a normalized NIM? Okay.
René Jones: I Think so.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Hey, one clarification also on the accretion. So, you mentioned that mid-single-digit to operating earnings, I’m assuming there’s also some amortization that will come with the Hudson City deal that’s not included in that number. And since it’s been such a long time since we’ve gotten that update, I know we got that February 8-K that talked about it being I think about $19 million for year one; does that still ring true now that you’ve kind of gotten to the end point here?
René Jones: Yes, I mean -- I’m not sure I fully understand your question but I think…
Ken Usdin: I’m basically just saying your comments about operating EPS accretion; the way you usually do operating is ex-amortization. And I’m assuming that with the Hudson City acquisition, you will have some intangible amortization. I’m just wondering if you can quantify that for us.
René Jones: Yes, I can’t quantify. So, I’ll take a look at that and see if I can get that in our deck in November. But I think it’d probably be better to mention that after we finally finalize all the marks which will be in November 1st NIM.
Ken Usdin: And then this then might run to that also because I was just wondering then originally the cost saves were going to be you’d said originally three years ago, $55 million of absolute saves. And just wondering again, can you just refresh us please? That number was ex the FDIC expense declines that were expected and then just relative to that $55 million are you bigger, smaller, different? Because you talked about in percentage terms and I’m just wondering if you could talk about it in dollar terms.
René Jones: Yes, that’s a good question. I don’t know if I’m ready to talk about it that way. I guess the way I think about it is we separated that out. I would think that you are going to see Hudson City’s FDIC expense normalized to ours and those rates should be about the same. And so that’s how I would do that. And then what we kept separate is we talked about being about 24% of the expense base but that was net of the adds that we had. So, I think we can do -- I think our number will be slightly better than that because it is already higher than most of the folks that we need.
Ken Usdin: And then just two things on the quarter, first of all, anything notable and just the other fees, other income in fees was decently above trend; were there any one timers in there this quarter?
René Jones: I think that the way I think about it is, we were up a little bit in gains from our commercial leasing business but we were also down in participations and down in syndications. So from one category to the next, different -- one time in the sense of the type of transaction but they’re all coming from our commercial base and my sense is that that’s a little lumpy from time to time.
Ken Usdin: And then last one just on the trust part of business, you mentioned that sequential was mostly impacted by market levels and in the absence from the second quarter tax; that business ex the trade processing business sale, still having a tough time growing. And I’m just wondering anything strategic new or different to think about as far as you’re trying to level set on that business or is it really just a question of the market levels that are going drive growth from here?
René Jones: No. I think we -- first of all, I think we’ve done a lot of work there. I think our plans are to continue to do a tremendous amount of work. And it’s never going to be a high revenue growth business; it’s going to be more of a steady progression because you’re building these trusted relationships with individuals. So, it’s not something that happens over night; it’s capabilities that you continue to build. And I think if you look at what’s happened over time and you factor in the fact that we had the market being down, we were not immune to that. To give you an example, I think that in the periods -- between the pricing periods from the second quarter to where we price in the third quarter, the S&P was down more than 8%, our customer portfolios saw a 3% decline in their market values. So, as long as we continue to perform like that, we’ll build long-term relationships but you can’t get immune from the fact that the market goes down from time to time and that’s how you get paid into your fees. So we feel very good.
Ken Usdin: I was just going to ask then like core growth ex the markets. Can you give us a sense of how that’s been building? Is there -- relationship adds or core asset adds if you isolate the impact from markets?
René Jones: I mean we measure new sales volume and lost business and our retention rates are very, very, very high, 98%, 99%. And every year since we’ve had Wilmington Trust, our new sales have far outstripped any lost business. So, we continue to grow there. And we’ve divested a couple of lines of business. I think we’re really close to being done with those things that we don’t think are core. But the core business is doing very well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Marty Mosby of Vining Sparks.
Marty Mosby: I have three questions I wanted to ask you which are a little bit different. One is the deposit costs at Hudson City are relatively high, 75 basis points as of last quarter related to your deposit costs of 13 basis points. I was just curious how you kind of plan going forward; you could either kind of let the interest rates go higher and keep their rates the same and therefore neutralize that way, or you assuming rates are going to stay lower, so you have to kind of migrate their rates lower to be more equivalent to your current market offering?
René Jones: Marty, the way I think about it is, we’ve got this wonderful opportunity in front of us. We have all of these customers who have come to Hudson City for what it offered and we have an opportunity to go introduce ourselves to them. And we are going to spend some time introducing ourselves to them and our other capabilities before we start dealing with rates. That is always been the opportunity whether we were up in Syracuse in OnBank which was a thrift. You’ve got to really use those capabilities, so you can’t think too much financial early in the game.
Marty Mosby: And so over time, maybe not the first year in your accretion estimates but over time, you would have some ability to migrate to get a benefit from that but not immediately.
René Jones: Yes, exactly, exactly.
Marty Mosby: The other question was when you looked at Hudson City’s loan portfolio being a very legacy mortgage portfolio, it was really a defensive mechanism three years ago when you were thinking about rates not going up very rapidly. We are actually still in kind of the same quagmire that we were three years ago. Do you still look at it as that real defensive for the lower for longer scenario that we seem to be caught in right now?
René Jones: I think I understand what you’re saying. I mean it still has the same impact on our asset liability position. We’re really heavily asset sensitive; I think we go up 5 plus for 100 basis-point increase; we bring the two balance sheets together that takes two points off of that, down to about three. So, it’s sort of we need long fixed assets and it marries up pretty well with our current position.
Marty Mosby: And then lastly, you talked about as you built out your customer data warehouse for the AML/BSA, that you would also be able to leverage that for your cross-sell within your own organization. And also I was thinking even more when you went down into New Jersey you’d would have that tool behind you; I just didn’t know how you were thinking about leveraging that as you go and turn to the next page.
René Jones: I think that’s right. I think it’s a long-term effort. Because I think you’ve got a focus on the most foundational things. So, it includes customer data, the customer data for regulatory reporting purposes and credit purposes. And once you get through those stages of coming up with the language and governance around those things, that’s what will make the data more flexible and usable for the customers. So, I think that might be a second stage impact. I think what’s probably -- what a more immediate term is the idea that regardless of where -- let’s say a commercial customer were to come into the institution, if our current commercial RMs were to know about that, if they were able to get access to their private banking capabilities in addition to their business stuff, if they were able to get access to the retail accounts or access to their relationship with what relationship that customer has with Wilmington Trust, that actually to me as much more immediate benefits around the cost shelves. To feel integrated, think about integrated statement. So to me, that’s a more -- that’s a near-term benefit than is the data and the information for us.
Marty Mosby: And any anecdotal kind of messaging? I know you haven’t been able to work with Hudson City’s management, but like you’re saying, any feelings from their part how their customers now waiting three years to have access to MTB’s products; how positive are the feelings or the process as you move in there now?
René Jones: I knew there would be a lot of excitement on the ground when we were able to announce the approval. I was blown away by the expressions of interest first from our employees and their -- and the Hudson City employees. And I’ve had a number of folks come up to me and say well, I finally now will have an M&T account because they were customers of Hudson City. So, I think the energy is very high. I think we got to carry that to the field. And my guess is, we’ll get off to a good start.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Darst of Guggenheim Securities.
David Darst: René, once you discontinue the broker mortgage business in New Jersey and across -- and that’s part of the New Jersey for them, what’s left in New Jersey from a mortgage origination capability and is there an opportunity to more quickly replace some of that with your type of business and have some fee income?
René Jones: We’ll talk about that as -- we have on the -- and I forget the number but we have a fair number of mortgage folks on the ground already that have been doing that work, so we haven’t had started there. And then when you add those 130 branches, we tend to be a big originator of mortgages are the branches, I think you’ll begin to be able to introduce all of the services -- products and services that we typically do. And looking here, we have -- in all of the footprint that represents Hudson City, we already have 29 mortgage bankers on the ground. So, we will continue to build that out. We’ll be able to do maybe a little bit more as we complement that with our services to the branches. And the way to think about it is, we’re much more in the government space, we’re in the -- think about us being much more heavily in the affordable mortgage space. So in essence, I think we’ll be doing a lot more on that front, we will be a little -- will be very close to the community. And that’s something that we’ve been very, very well known for. So it will look different, the customers that we’re providing mortgages to will be I think of much broader array of customers.
David Darst: And then just as far as the conversion occurs and late in the first quarter, is it really going to be in the second quarter when you actually have the opportunity to improve the product set or can you do that prior to the conversion?
René Jones: Well, on the ground, you’re doing that already because we can do that through our M&T employees. So, on a commercial bank, we’re doing all those services, cash management, we’ve got a whole team of wealth managers there. As I said, we’ve got 29 mortgage bankers on the ground. I just think those capabilities get enhanced. So, think about it this way. We can do everything today but those branches -- we can’t do it through branches because they’re not equipped and staffed and trained with the ability to do that. So, it’ll be a boost is the way to think about it.
David Darst: Correct, beginning in the second quarter of ‘16 you’ll train everyone and launch it then. Okay, got it.
René Jones: Yes. And then we have this which I’m assuming we’re doing this time which is fun time thing which we call the branch buddy system. So, we send down whole bunches of M&T bankers who are very familiar with the integration and acquisitions and they spend a lot of time with the existing branch folks that are there. So, it’s sort of hands-on training and hands-on introduction to the customers. It’s worked really well. And we think that sort of speeds up the ability to offer our products and services without a lot of disruption.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: A couple of questions for you, René. First, you made a comment in talking about Hudson City that you’re planning not to use the broker channel for mortgage originations as they do. Can you give us some color behind the strategic thinking of why you guys don’t use that channel?
René Jones: Well, I mean I think for us, it’s a little -- it’s going to sound funny, but it’s a little bit more of a commodity type space where you’re not necessarily controlling the customer experience. So, it’s not like we could have done -- we could have added brokerage in New Jersey all along. I think the way in which we approach our mortgage banking unit is the idea that more branch originated type, M&T originated type business. We still have a better risk profile, we can control the upfront -- who the customer is in the upfront underwriting and so forth. There are some cases where on the risk side where we dabbled very lightly in the past on home equities and things like that with brokerage business and the risk profile wasn’t the same for us. Now having said that Hudson City has done just a tremendous job in that space but we’re just not sure it fits our model. Will we do jumbo mortgages? Yes. We didn’t do very many of them in the past. I think here we’ll continue to do those but we would prefer not to do them necessarily through brokers. And quite frankly if you changed your mind, you could do that at anytime, it’s so commodity like.
Gerard Cassidy: Second is with the recent news of your neighborhood competitor hiring an investment bank to maybe look at different alternatives. Is there been any change in the business environment for you in Western New York?
René Jones: No. I mean we haven’t spent much time on that. We’re -- all of us are spending time on what’s going on in the Buffalo and Western New York community. And Gerard, it’s a funny time. I mean economically -- if you look at economic measures, Buffalo is probably one of our fastest-growing footprints with all that’s going on there. There’s a lot to keep us all busy, a lot of new jobs being created here. And so, we are not really focused on those rumors and things like that. I don’t think it benefits us to do so.
Gerard Cassidy: And then as a follow-up, I think you may have touched on this in the Q&A. In the original slide deck for doing this deal with Hudson City, you identified pretax $223 million in merger-related charges. Is that still a good number to use today?
Don MacLeod: That was -- that number included some things will go through acquisition accounting, Gerard.
René Jones: Not a change.
Don MacLeod: Right. So, the amount that’ll go through income statement is roughly unchanged.
René Jones: Yes, that’s both. That’s part of things that would get market and things that would be one-time expenses but I don’t -- we don’t see any material change when we look at the numbers. Yes.
Gerard Cassidy: And then another question on this time period that you’ve had to wait. Mobile banking has grown very rapidly over this last three-year time period and the adoption of it is moving up quickly as you know from your own numbers. Can you share with us -- has that changed any of your thinkings on how you’re going to implement Hudson City into M&T and are there any potential benefits that now will be here that weren’t here three years ago because mobile banking wasn’t as successful?
René Jones: No, I don’t think so. I think it’s a -- those and capabilities like those have become very fundamental. And so, I don’t think of New Jersey as being different than Buffalo in that respect. I think you just have to have those capabilities; your clients expect them. But one thing is I think is maybe more relevant to the case of adding those technologies is probably the whole issue around cyber security and security trends. I mean you really, really have to be buttoned down as all these new technologies come out; I mean the bad guys keep up with things. And so why do I mention that? New Jersey has a bit of a higher natural incidence of fraud and those types of things. So, we watch that very closely relative to other footprints and make sure that the products that we offered are adapted for that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Spahr of CLSA.
Chris Spahr: I kind of have derivative questions off of Marty. The deposit trends or interest bearing deposits have been trending lower the last four quarters. Is there any strategic reason behind that?
René Jones: Yes, it’s matching the decline in sort of the natural rightsizing of the mortgage book, so that will continue right. And that sort of as you get that to more sustainable size, think about no more originations and things like that, that’s also a factor that will play into the deposit pricing.
Chris Spahr: And with the pending, or the soon to close Hudson City deal, should we expect a pickup in interest bearing deposits, just given what Hudson City has been doing in the past?
René Jones: Pickup in the interest bearing deposits? I mean their balance sheet will come over. Their trends probably from what you’re seeing on them standalone trend wise will probably stay the same. And then we’ll introduce our product. Now, in different rate environments, typically in a rising rate environment, we’re much more dependent upon -- and our customers who are seeking yields are much more dependent on time accounts. So will rates go up and the rate environment would change, yes. I mean you might turn that specific engine that right back on. And that might actually give us from a substitute to wholesale a nice benefit because those markets are more vibrant, so you can quickly raise dollars in a market like that versus some of our other markets. We’ve long done in New York City.
Chris Spahr: And then one final question, regulatory capital, the comments for the benefit of the deal, those are both in regards to CET1 and total capital, or are they different?
René Jones: It was regulatory, we said CET1.
Operator: At this time, I am showing no further questions. I would like to turn the floor back over to Mr. MacLeod for any additional or closing remarks.
Don MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, if clarification of any of the items on the call or news release if necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department at area code (716) 842-5138. Good bye.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s M&T Bank’s third quarter 2015 earnings call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-16 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the M&T Bank’s Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answers session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Don MacLeod, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Don MacLeod: Thank you, Paula, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's second quarter 2015 earnings conference call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you maybe access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website, www.mtb.com, and by clicking on the Investor Relations link. Also before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on Forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now I’d like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, René Jones.
René Jones: Thank you, Don, and good morning, everyone. As we noted in this morning's press release, M&T’s results for the second quarter reflect a number of positive factors, including strong commercial loan growth, as well as a rebound in commercial lending related syndication fees. Expenses during the quarter were well-contained, net charge-offs remained at historical low levels and capital and liquidity positions were further strengthen. Overall, I would say our results stepped up nicely from the prior quarter. As we usually do, I'll start up by reviewing a few of the highlights from the recent quarter's results after which Don and I will be happy to take your question. So turning to the results, diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $1.98 for the second quarter of 2015, up from a $1.65 in the first quarter and unchanged from the second quarter of 2014. Net income for the quarter was $287 million, up from $242 million in the linked quarter and $284 million in the year ago quarter. There were two noteworthy items in the recent quarter's results, first, in connection with the previously announced divestiture of the trade processing business within Wilmington Trust Retirement Services division. We reported a pretax gain of $45 million. This amounted to $23 million of after tax or $0.17 per share; now second, included in the operating expenses for the quarter of $40 million in contributions to The M&T Charitable Foundation. Taken together, the two items reduced net income by about $1 million or $0.01 per share. As you all aware, since 1998 M&T has consistently provided supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis, from which we exclude the after-tax effect of amortization of intangible assets, as well as expenses and gains associated with mergers and acquisitions when they occur. After-tax expenses from those -- from the amortization of intangible assets were $4 million or $0.03 per common share in the recent quarter, relatively unchanged from the prior quarter. The net operating income for the second quarter, which excludes intangible amortization was $290 million, up from $246 million in the linked quarter and unchanged from last year second quarter. Net operating earnings per common share were $2.01 for the recent quarter, up from $1.68 in the previous quarter and down one penny from a year ago -- from the year ago quarter. Net operating income yielded annualized rates of return on tangible assets and average tangible common equity of 1.24% and 13.76% in the recent quarter, comparable returns were 1.08% and 11.9% in the first quarter of 2015. In accordance with SEC guidelines this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results, including tangible assets and equity. Turning to the balance sheet and the income statement, taxable equivalent net interest income was $689 million for the second quarter of 2015, an increase of $24 million from the linked quarter. The net interest margin was 3.17% during the quarter, unchanged from the first quarter. The offsetting factors driving the flat margin were as follow: Redemption of $310 million of high cost fixed rate TruPS in mid-April provided a benefit to the margin of about 3 basis points. Offsetting that benefits -- that benefit was about 4 basis points of pressure from additional actions taken toward reaching our LCR compliance, including purchases of high quality liquid assets and the associated debt. The core margin was a little change from the prior quarter. Average loans increased $1.1 billion or 7% annualized compared with the first quarter, stronger performance relative to that we've seen in the recent periods. Looking at each of the portfolio categories on an average basis compared with linked quarter, commercial and industrial loans increased an annualized 11%, commercial real estate loans increased about 9% annualized, residential mortgage loans declined an annualized 6% and consumer loans grew an annualized 3%. This category included continued growth in indirect auto loans, offset by a decline in home equity loans and lines of credit. Average core deposits, which exclude deposits received in M&T’s Cayman Islands office and the CDs over $250,000 increased an annualized 6% from the first quarter. Turning to non-interest income or fee income, non-interest income totaled $497 million in the second quarter, which includes the $45 million gain on the trade processing sale that I mentioned earlier. Excluding that again, non-interest revenues were up $12 million compared with the prior quarter, but down about $4 million compared with last year’s second quarter. As noted in the press release, this year that the year-over-year decline reflects foregone trust fees as a result of the divestiture. Mortgage banking revenues were $103 million in the second quarter, up $1 million from the prior quarter, slightly softer residential mortgage banking revenues were offset by higher commercial mortgage banking fee, driven by higher commercial mortgage loan originations for sale -- loans originated for sale. Service charges on deposit accounts rebounded to $105 million, up from $102 million in the seasonally weak first quarter and trust income was $119 million in the recent quarter, compared with the $124 million in the previous quarter. The decline reflects lower revenues as a result of the trade processing sale, which were $9 million in the first quarter, partially offset by a seasonal tax -- of seasonal tax preparation fees of about $3 million. Commercial lending related syndication fees increased by about $10 million from somewhat soft first quarter. These fees are driven by transaction volumes and can vary from quarter-to-quarter. Adjusting for the impact of the trade processing sale, both the -- and -- that is both the again and the divested revenues total fee revenue was up 3% through the first half of 2015 versus last year. Turning to expenses, we are beginning to see good progress in managing our expenses, particularly in professional services. Operating expenses for the second quarter which exclude expenses -- expense from the amortization of intangibles were $641 million, including the $40 million donation to the Charitable Foundation. Excluding donations to the Foundation from all periods, operating expenses declined $23 million from the prior quarter and were down $3 million from a year ago quarter. Salaries and benefits were $362 million in the recent quarter, down $28 million from the first quarter. Of course, the decline reflects a return to a normal level of expenses from the seasonally high level in the first quarter, which also reflects some -- it also reflect some impact from the trade processing divestiture. Professional services costs were down $4 million from the previous quarter and down $15 million from the year ago quarter. The decreases reflect lower levels of spending primarily consulting services related to our reaching certain of our BSA/AML milestones, partially offset by higher legal costs. The efficiency ratio, which excludes the -- excludes intangible amortization was 58.2% in the second quarter, improved from 61.5% in the previous quarter and about flat with a year ago quarter. If we’d exclude the divestiture gain in the charitable contribution, the efficiency ratio in the second quarter was 57.0%. On that same basis, the efficiency ratio for the first six months of 2015 was 58.9%, 128 basis -- sorry, 120 basis point improvement from the 60.1% in 2014’s first half. So next let's turn to credit. Nonaccrual loans were $787 million (sic) [$797 million] or 1.17% of total loans at the end of the second quarter, a 1 basis point decrease from the end of the first quarter. Net charge-offs for the second quarter were $21 million compared with $36 million in the first quarter. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were 13 basis points for the second quarter, improved from 22 basis points in the previous quarter. The provision for credit losses was $30 million for the recent quarter, exceeding net charge-offs by $9 million. The increase primarily reflects loan growth. The allowance for credit losses was $930 million at the end of June and the ratio of allowance of total loans was 1.36%, down just 1 basis point in the prior quarter. The loan loss allowance as of June 30 was 8 times 2015's annualized year-to-date net charge-offs. Loans 90 days past due which we continue to accrue interest on excluding acquired loans that had been marked to fair value at acquisition were $239 million at the end of the recent quarter. Of these loans, $207 million, or 87% are guaranteed by government related entities. In the heart of our annual loan review of the commercial portfolio during the second quarter and given our very low exposure to the energy sector, we’re not seeing any patterns of weakness with respect to either industries or geography. However, we expect that review will result in an increase in criticize loans when we file our 10K for the second quarter. Turning to capital, our common equity tier 1 ratio under the transitional Basel III capital rules currently in effect was an estimated 9.92% at the end of the recent quarter, up from 9.78% at the end of March. Now turning to our outlook, halfway through the year, our view on the lending environment with respect to both demand from customers in the competition from peers is little change. With average loans in the first half of 2015, up 5% over last year, we’re running slightly ahead of the 4% projection that we gave you on the January earnings call. One change is that all of our regions participated in the growth in loans in this past quarter. We are still accumulating high quality liquid assets to meet our target of 100% compliance with the liquidity coverage ratio by the end of the year. And we expect to issue additional unsecured bank notes in the coming months, with the proceeds to be invested in additional high quality liquid assets. Our outlook on the net interest margin remains intact and consistent with past comments. The margin held up nicely in the second quarter. The two primary sources of pressure steps towards LCR compliance in the core compression from loan and deposit pricing remain in play and increase in short-term interest rates will likely act as an offset to those pressures, should that occur. We remain on track to grow net interest income on a year-over-year basis. We’re still looking for low single-digit year-over-year growth in fee revenue in line with recent trend. Next, I'd like to give you an update on our outlook for expenses. You know, we remain focused on producing positive operating leverage. Adjusting for the divestiture gains and the charitable contribution revenue grew by 1.5% for the first half of 2015 against the 1.1% decline in expenses. This past quarter professional service expenses associated with BSA/AML compliance declined at a healthy pace as certain milestones have been achieved. And we made progress towards a sustainable and repeatable process in all areas. Looking ahead, those reductions in expense will be partially offset by continued investment in the plumbing that Bob Wilmers referred to in his annual letter to shareholders. The investments include customer-facing technology, our data warehouse and continuous improvements in our risk management infrastructure, while our spending this year on professional services will decline from last year. Total GAAP expenses may grow modestly from the full year 2014. And our goal is to demonstrate continued improvement in the efficiency ratio over time. Our outlook for credit is little changed with continued low levels of charge-offs and of course, as you're aware, our projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national, regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events and other macroeconomic factors which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. Now let's open up the call to questions, before which Paula will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ken Usdin from Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Hi René. Good morning Don. René, it’s wondering if you could just follow-on on that comment about the full year expenses and the kind of moving parts, especially within that other line. So are you saying that you're still seeing an escalation that would perhaps even more than offset that nice final delta that we've seen in some of the consulting and regulatory related?
René Jones: Yeah. I think my wording, Ken, is driven towards the difficulty of predicting any given quarter. And I think when you think about what we've been saying, we've kind of provided you with the trend that a lot of the consulting in higher levels of expenditure that we've been seeing more than a year have begun to come down. And we’ve begun to make those investments that we've seen in the technology and we’ll continue to do that. Those expenses will ramp up. I think one of the things that difficulty is, you know, for example, in this particular quarter, we had a high amount of legal fees. And much of those fees are associated with the hangover of dealing with the cases that are still outstanding from when we acquired Wilmington Trust. But those are kind of temporary in a sense and so those eventually will go away as well. So we take the whole thing together. I'm very, very positive about our ability to continue to improve our efficiency ratio. Just hard to predict any given quarter there. But I think my comment is -- you can take my comments and so think about them over not one quarter but several quarters. I have a pretty high degree of confidence that we’ll manage expenses pretty tightly.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Understood. And secondly, just on Wilmington Trust and the trust department, so the -- could you just help us understand that the sale of the transaction business, how much that took out of that line and just the underlying growth trajectory on that in the trust department?
René Jones: Yeah. I mean, I will start with -- we are in within Wilmington Trust. We’re still in retirement services business. This was a specific function that we didn't think was core to sort of -- core to the business or core to our future and which we felt that another party probably could make more of that, who had the necessary infrastructure that was there. So I think we gave somewhere maybe in the press release what the earnings were a year ago in the second quarter and in this past first quarter and I think the number is somewhere between in either case between $9 million and $10 million. When we look at the whole, there's very little impact on net income or earnings per share when we remove that business. So it wasn't something that was an engine of growth for us, but it was economically very attractive to others who had that infrastructure already. So it’s just made sense to kind of move on and divested that particular business.
Ken Usdin: And then just on -- on this core trends underneath, what you're seeing in terms of Wilmington Trust growth and outlook?
René Jones: Yeah. Things continued to be relatively steady. If you look at -- there's really couple components, right. If you think about it in a very broad level, we have income from the Wealth Advisory Services and we have income from the Institutional Client Services. Those are the two big businesses. But the third thing is that we have fee income from some of our affiliated managers that again are not really core to our business. We inherited them to Wilmington and with the sort of lower performance that the industry has seen in active managers in 2013 and ’14, the balances from that erratic category and therefore the fees are down for affiliated managers. If you remove that, our Wealth Advisory Services and Institutional Client Service businesses are growing very nicely. Both from a topline, I’d say we are somewhere in any given quarter between 2% and 5%. And from a bottom-line perspective as we sort of rationalize and build out our capabilities on the backed office, we are seeing nice growth in the bottom line there. So that is going very well. We've got a lot more that we would like to do there but everything is functioning very well from our perspectives and with Wilmington Trust.
Ken Usdin: Great. Thanks, René.
René Jones: Yeah, sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sameer Gokhale of Janney Montgomery Scott.
Sameer Gokhale: Hi. Thank you. Good morning. Hi. Just a few questions. I was wondering, René, you touched on the additional investments that you want to make in some areas such as customer facing technology, data warehousing, infrastructure. Can you give us a sense for how far along you are in these specific areas? Because over time, the comment we generally that I have received and others have received is M&T is a bank that operates very efficiently and clearly you are investing in BSA/AML and beefing up that part of your processes and technology. But in terms of these other areas if one were to, if you were to put a percentage of completions, sort of metric across these different areas, again customer facing technology, data warehousing, other infrastructure, how far along are you in those areas?
René Jones: Sameer, it would be difficult for me to give you a percentage of completion because I view these things as sort of long-term trends, right. And what I would say is that we're making -- we had a pace to make certain investments over time. But a lot of that, I'd say was slowed down over the last couple years by the shift to restructure our risk management environment along the lines with all the changes that came from Dodd-Frank in the industry. And as a regional bank, I think too much of the technology that we wanted to do, let's just say for our customers was being drowned out a little bit. And so we're trying to make a shift in that direction. And so as we do that, the way we are thinking about a technology investment is to make sure that we're making enough investments in the Foundation -- enough foundational investments that allow us to get customer facing technology out there at a faster pace as things change over time. So this would be things like looking at the 360 view of the customer, looking at the idea that we had not had mobile check deposit for our retail customers. And so on the customer facing side, I think you'll continue to see a steady rollout but we are hoping to increase the pace at which we deliver examples to our customers, the things that make their lives a little bit easier. That’s one component.
Sameer Gokhale: Okay.
René Jones: The largest component, I would argue are investments that we need to make that will ultimately improve the efficiency at which the way we run the business. Getting a 360 degree view of our customers, no matter which channel they come into the bank, looking at our on-boarding and account opening processes and making sure we have the right technology infrastructure so that things talk across the bank. And then last example would be improving our data quality in the control environment around the data in a way that is maybe a little less manual in some places and gives us better information. So, those last ones are all about efficiency in the long-term investment.
Sameer Gokhale: Okay. So then in terms of the shorter term investment initiative, would you anticipate for lack of a better term, if you think it was catch-up to a certain extent that catch up component of it, do you think you would be done by the end of this year or say the first half of next year and then there is an ongoing, of course investment initiative as you try to look at mobile apps and some other things? Is that a fair way to think about it?
René Jones: Your general trajectory is right but the timeframes, I wouldn't focus on. I would focus on the idea that M&T is going to be talking more and more about technology infrastructure as we go forward. And I think what you are going to see as we focus on efficiencies in other areas, the bank over time, those will tend to offset that higher-level of technology spending.
Sameer Gokhale: Okay.
René Jones: I like to joke around every once in a while when we're putting together the operating plan and someone says hey, should we spend $100 million or $120 million on new technology investment? And you get wrapped up in the discussion and then you wake up and you realized we spent $2.7 billion a year. So to me, it's more of shifting our priorities, the things that are going to improve the experience for our employees and for our customers.
Sameer Gokhale: Okay. That’s helpful. And then just a couple other ones. The first one was on credit. You did mention that you were looking at the portfolio and kind of evaluating the individual credits, about the halfway mark. And I think your comment was that as you complete that review, you would expect there to be more criticized loans. So, I was just hoping to get a little bit more clarity there. Is there a particular area, which has not undergone review where you feel that there could be more criticized loans coming out of that area? Just if you could help us give some additional light on that, that would be helpful?
René Jones: Yeah. No, it’s slightly different. So, I’m not talking about the future. I’m talking about the work we've done today. And the way I would say it is, things are good on the credit quality front but we do see a lot of competition. We see competitor stretching. So it's a great time to begin to look harder into your portfolio now because you have the capacity to do so and so that's what we sort of did. We took our annual reviews that we typically do over time. We said, let’s take a harder look and maybe accelerate some of that. So that’s why we think as we look at second-quarter results, we will see some increase in our classified loan book but that would be work that we typically, we do annually every year. But we just sort of made a bit of a concerted effort to do it. You saw criticized go up, I would guess mostly because of energy loans in the first quarter with the industry. So it's not about time as you know to just make sure you are diligent and it’s pretty classic for M&T to do that in the off cycle so to speak.
Sameer Gokhale: Okay. And then just the last question was similar to your trade processing business that you sold. Are there any other areas that you sort of marked for strategic review as you think about it, or do you feel that with the rest of your businesses that you don’t see anything that you identify and the near-term horizon is something that you might want to divest?
René Jones: Yeah. Let me start by saying nothing material, but there are probably a few things here and there associated with businesses that we've inherited over time that we're looking at. But most -- I feel like most of that work has been done now and so the whole of what we're doing now is focusing on investing I think.
Sameer Gokhale: Okay. That’s all I had. Thank you, René.
René Jones: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Frank Schiraldi of Sandler O'Neill.
René Jones: Good morning.
Frank Schiraldi: Good morning. Just I have one more -- well one more expense question first. Just trying to, as we think about 2016 now and we think about BSA-related expenses rolling off, I mean would you say a majority of that will be captured by the bottomline, René? Or would you say that a majority of that will sort of be reallocated into technology spend?
René Jones: I think it’s a bit staggered, a large portion should be reinvested in technology spend. But I think it gives us the ability to sort of ensure that we’ve got our revenues growing faster than expense is the way I would say it. And to give you some sense, we talked about last year that we spent in total or ramping up our BSA/AML program and with the consultants and $151 million in 2014. I would expect that to be somewhere in the 90s when we get done with the end of this year. But on the flip side, we spent $30 million improving our CCAR results and process in 2014. We will spend $33 million this year. So in some areas, you are still making those investments. And I think what you will see is stagger over time that those two will come down, but it’s a bit staggered. So I just feel like we’ve very, very good ability to manage our expenses prudently while making the investments we need from the point we are at here.
Frank Schiraldi: Okay. And then so is the message more positive operating leverage year-over-year rather than necessarily quarter-over-quarter as we go through the remainder of 2015?
René Jones: Yes. Someone had asked me the question how fast you’re going to get to 55. So it’s just not the way we think about running the business here at M&T, we think long term. And our goal would be, we would be very happy if we continue to make progress on the efficiency over time. And if it happens in that manner, what’s nice about is it’s sustainable, but it’s healthy, right. It’s done in the right way. So we’ve got good momentum. You see it in our numbers already. We’re going to keep that momentum going. And I think we will get to where we need to be to make sure the bank is efficient as it always has been relative to our peers.
Frank Schiraldi: Okay. Great. And then just -- just on asset sensitivity, as we think about the Hudson City balance sheet coming over later this year. As we think about I guess your shock analysis, how much of that asset sensitivity would you say maybe in percentage terms would be lost once Hudson City balance sheet comes over?
René Jones: I mean, this is a big estimate. I am not even going to look at my numbers. I would say half of it is has absorbed, maybe slightly more, but there is still a very -- there is still an asset sensitive position where those two balance sheets to come together. Don is writing on a piece of paper, one-third.
Frank Schiraldi: Okay. One-third to have, got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Eads of UBS.
David Eads: Hi. Thanks. Hello. So maybe kind of following up on kind of its core banking inefficiency thought. I am curious just to hear a couple of thoughts on where you guys feel like you are in terms of the branch footprint. You obviously have seen an industry wide trend towards shrinking branch. You guys have done as well. But sort of it seems like you guys are fairly productive when it comes to your branches. So I am just kind of curious where your thoughts are on branch count?
René Jones: I think it feels to me like we did a lot of work in that space over the last couple of years very quietly I guess. We didn’t really talk about it much. We’re hearing a lot more people in that space today. I think we are ahead on that front. And then if I speculate a little bit, I think it’s hard to rationalize in that space more without the right technology platform, right. So that goes back to the other issue is that if we focus on our capabilities for the employees there and the way we do business with those customers, they will probably roam again down the road. But I think we are pretty close to as far as we’re going to go in that space.
David Eads: Okay. And then you guys have maintained really quite solid CRE growth here despite everyone else. There is a lot of talk about how competitive that market is. Is there anything you guys are seeing that’s letting you kind of gain share there? Or can you comment on CRE?
René Jones: The number one thing for me is that, if you’d look at the last year over the quarters, while we had decent growth, 4%, 5%, it was being supported by one or two regions, particularly the metropolitan New York City area, Tarrytown, and western New York. And what you’re seeing a little bit last quarter and definitely this quarter is just growth everywhere. And so Baltimore has gone from slightly decline to positive numbers. I think if I kind of go through them, annualized growth this quarter was 4% in upstate and western New York and the metropolitan area, which is New York, Philly, and just up north of New York was 8%. Pennsylvania was 12%. Baltimore was 7%. And our other regions in total were 5%. That’s total loans. And in the real estate, it’s not really that different. But what you did see was a little bit more growth than we had been seeing in Pennsylvania and Baltimore, Washington, Delaware areas, right. So that was probably the differentiating factor and why our loan growth was a little bit higher.
David Eads: Did that just feel like increased demand from borrowers, or was there a pullback from competition? Or kind of give us any sense for what allowed that growth to accelerate kind of in the southern part of your footprint?
René Jones: I would say predominantly additional credit with existing relationships that we had for a very, very long time. We are putting money to work. Not a lot of new, like if you think of market share in terms of customers, it’s not like we’re collecting lots of new customers.
David Eads: Sure.
René Jones: I think our existing relationships are pretty mind to work.
David Eads: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Ramsey of FBR.
Bob Ramsey: Hey, good morning. Just to follow up on that. To the extent its existing relationships with or growing existing relationships, is this customers increasing the line utilization, have you seen any improvements there? Or is the customers consolidating business at M&T or what’s kind of, are they net borrowing more?
René Jones: Yes. So give me a second here. So if you look at usage, it’s been up, utilization has been up the last two quarters slightly. If you look at the -- I guess the way I would think about it is, the first place I would point as you think about some of the loan fees that were up in terms of the syndication fees, right. So we are getting a fair amount of volume from existing [Technical Difficulty] with the size of the credits are increasing, so that's why we’re getting higher syndication fees, right. So for us, we only want to take so much exposure, so we tend to sell down the amount. Remember, we typically don't do anything very little. In my terminology, it would be participations in, we’re not the lead underwriter. So I think what you're seeing from -- particularly from existing customers is people are doing some larger projects and that's why we've got -- they’re doing more, we got more loan growth, but you’re also seeing in the fee line as we sell down some of those and sort of mitigate the amount of volume that we see there. I don’t know if there is anything else particularly that I could clarify for you there.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. Shifting gears a little bit, could you maybe provide us any update on Hudson City and how that process is evolving?
René Jones: As you know, I mean, it’s been a long process since back in 2012 where we’ve been kind of do whatever it takes to sort of get to the stage where we can complete an acquisition with Hudson. In terms of what we’ve talked about in the past, our progress in improving our BSA/AML compliance program is all on track with our expectations. We've made significant progress. We’ve enhanced our processes and our systems and all those things are running and in place. And so, at this point in time, I mean, there's not much more that we can really say or do, we have to let our regulators the time to work through their process and to work through the application. But it's really not in our control to be able to speculate as to whether or when the approvals for our merger would be received. I wish it was different, but that sort of where we are.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. Fair enough. And then last question, I know you asked earlier about rate sensitivity. Just kind of curious, I mean I know you all give some rate disclosures in the Qs and Ks, but have you think about the impact of that first 25 basis point move? Is there a proportional lift in earnings on 25 bps or is it less on the initial increases because of floor or some other reason? Or how are you thinking about kind of the initial move in rates whenever that happens?
René Jones: I think this impact right away. I mean, it wouldn’t be very delayed at all because we’re very sensitive particularly on the short end. The one of the things that when I look at the result as you say beyond the Q, when I look at the results on a flattening or steeping, what surprise me a little bit is that in a flattening, which is typically not great for us, today it would be better than actually a 25 basis point across the board raised. And the reason for that is that so many of our loans, particularly commercial loan, C&I are price off of LIBOR, the short-term LIBOR rates. But in the past we never had all of this long-term debt that we had to issue into the market, which is fixed. And so, when you look at our profile, if anything has really changed is that a parallel increase of 25 basis points would begin to affect us. But if that was an increase in the short end and no change in the long end, it would probably impact us more.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. All right. Thank you.
René Jones: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Klock of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Brian Klock: Good morning, René and Don.
René Jones: Good morning.
Brian Klock: So René, on the expenses, maybe we’ve had a lot of conversation about it today on this call. I guess just thinking about the turnover contribution expense that you're able to invest this quarter. I think from looking at your current report it was about a $6 million attributable expense in the first quarter and I think that's probably what you find in quarterly? So is there any thinking about that maybe this contribution expense may have funded the rest of the year is contribution to the Charitable Foundation, maybe there's some room for that to be cost savings when we think about the next couple of quarters?
René Jones: It changes overtime, I mean, I think, if you kind of fall some of the things that we've done, we had a gain from -- we had a gain or you could call windfall from buying Wilmington Trust in this particular business that was embedded and that was in core. And it just made sense to us to take those proceeds and put them into something that's really important to us in the Foundation. You go back, you member when we recovered from lawsuits $50 million to $60 million from the CDOs litigation that we had. We kind of felt that it just made sense, right, to take those proceeds, which were windfall out of our core operating, that were not part of our core operating and put them into the Foundation. So it would be lumpy. So we could continue to do that if we think it makes sense from time to time. So we wouldn’t over funded if it was fully funded and clearly usually after you’ve done something as large as this, you might see a pause, hard to say.
Brian Klock: Appreciate that. Okay. I guess, shifting over to the revenue side. You talked about the large syndication fees. If I look at the line items that you guys disclosed in the 10-Q, there is the -- the line of credit and other credit fees that, I would imagine that’s where the syndication fees and it was only $26 million in the first quarter versus an average about $33 million? So if this was $36 million in the quarter, that mean maybe next quarter you wouldn’t expect the $10 million to go away, but maybe it's kind of in that sort of $33 million, $32 million quarterly run rate, is that what we should expect?
René Jones: I hate thing the words I’m going to say. But I can’t, I actually can’t predict. We got lumpiness there and there seem to be a lot of business. I don't know that that slowed. So it's hard. At some point you’ll see lumpiness as you look at that line overtime, but quarter-by-quarter I would -- a year ago was $34 million. It seems pretty consistent. And as I think about it, we had a strong second quarter of last year coming off the first quarter. So it’s hard to me to say what its going to look like.
Brian Klock: Okay. All right. And then, I guess, last question, the margin guidance that you gave, it did seem ex the LCR impact from what you guys did in the first quarter that there was a core margin actually was somewhat stable. So, I guess, thinking about it for the third quarter your guidance was the continued sort of core compression, which you’ve always kind of said in the couple of basis point range? Should we expect then the LCR activity to be something that would compress the margin again on top of that? So, I guess, just want to make sure I’m understanding the guidance for the third quarter on both what’s core and the LCR piece?
René Jones: Yeah. The LCR will compress in margin, but we see very little impact on NII when we look at the forecast from it.
Brian Klock: Okay. Okay. And is that something that’s kind of be in the same neighborhood of what you did in the first quarter, when you think about the HQLA purchases, you might be win bond issuances that you do upon that?
René Jones: So are you going to the asset side, first, because we've …
Brian Klock: Yeah. Yeah. So, I guess, a couple of purchase, I guess, yes.
René Jones: The, first, I expect the second half to be maybe slightly less than the first half in asset purchases.
Brian Klock: Okay.
René Jones: And I expect the funding to be somewhat similar to what we issued in the first six months.
Brian Klock: Got it. Very helpful. Thanks for your time.
René Jones: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Darst from Guggenheim Securities.
David Darst: Hi. Good morning.
René Jones: Good morning.
David Darst: Rene, do you feel like you are at a point where your service charges on deposit will begin to stabilize, or do you think there is still more pressure to come?
René Jones: I don’t know. I think we are thinking about that quite a bit. I think that what you’ve seen has been a change in customer behavior. And I think we’ve got to spend sometime thinking about how we react to that. I don't think it is necessarily a bad thing. I think we just got to -- we have to make sure that we’ve the products and services that are meeting their needs. So, I would look at the current trend and say it probably continues for sometime. But I know we're looking at that heavily. Don't really have an answer for you there.
David Darst: Okay. Then what might be the timeline for you to deploy mobile check deposit?
René Jones: I think will be out -- that's one example of things that we are doing. It will be out next year.
David Darst: Okay. And then anything you can add to the discussion of growth around your organic initiatives in New Jersey?
René Jones: I can tell you things are going well. We feel good about the progress that we are making. The team is working very well together almost -- and pretty much on all fronts. Obviously, there's not much you can do in certain areas without branches but we are really, really pleased on all fronts, credit quality. Everything seems to be going very nicely. So no hiccups there at all.
David Darst: Okay. And I guess your comment on Hudson City, is that -- at this point you have done everything you can do and you handed it over. You are just truly waiting for a response at this point.
René Jones: I think we’ve made a tremendous amount of progress. And we're very, very pleased with the progress we've made and in timeframe we've made it. And that’s sort of what we committed to do. So now we got to see what happens.
David Darst: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Hi, René. How are you?
René Jones: I’m great. I’m happy to hear you.
Gerard Cassidy: You are kind. Question for you. You mentioned that you're going through this deeper dive in your loan portfolio, which in the Q will see a likely increase in the criticized assets. Should we expect then that the reserves could be built up in the third quarter to reflect this deeper dive, or are the reserves already set for this deeper dive?
René Jones: Anything that we would have seen would be reflected at the June 30th date. And you saw we added about $9 million to the allowance and majority of that was the loan growth. But anything else we would have seen in there would have been also reflected. So, I don't expect any additional impact from what we've learned today.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay. And then in terms of growth in your loan portfolios, are there any regions within the footprint that standout over others, whether it’s Upstate New York versus Maryland, or parts of Pennsylvania or et cetera?
René Jones: What stands out to me is the Mid-Atlantic. It is the second quarter in a row where we are seeing loan growth after quite a few quarters where things were slowly, even slow to down, and so that that was nice to see. We’re not seeing any impact in any particular area but I could tell you that if you go across the footprint, the largest growth we saw would be in healthcare and healthcare associated type businesses. Real estate and rental and leasing businesses and retail trade those also saw growth. But we will also saw growth in education services, construction, and manufacturing. So it seems pretty broad base.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then finally to follow-up on some of the Hudson City questions, if I understand it correctly, obviously, you guys work very diligently in updating your systems for the BSA/AML issues that were identified. It seemed like those were pretty much resolved and then at Layfield, came another issue on CRA directed. If I understand it correctly more Hudson City cited the equation. If that is correct and what I just said, who is responsible for resolving that CRA if there is a issue that the consumer financial protection gear or whatever agency is addressing it? Is it the Hudson City responsibility or is it an M&T responsibility to resolve whatever questions they may come up with?
René Jones: I think first, Gerard, we were definitely two separate entities today. So we run our own franchises and we manage our own franchise that's really important to know. I think the second thing I would say is that, the issue that you saw on the newspaper regarding the CRA issue were not new to us. They were long and old things we saw way back when. So I think it is just sort of some how became news, and put in the newspaper and became news.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay. In terms of so if there Hudson City issues, we should expect Hudson City to address them and deal with them before the transaction closes, I assume?
René Jones: They deal with their issue. We deal with ours.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay. Fair enough. I appreciate your time. Thank you.
René Jones: No problem.
Operator: This concludes today’s question-and-answer session. I will now turn the floor back over to Mr. MacLeod for any closing remarks.
Don MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, if clarification of any of the items in the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department at area code (716) 842-5138.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes your conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-20 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christy, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the M&T Bank Q1 2015 Earnings Call. all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answers session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Don MacLeod, Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Don MacLeod: Thank you, Christy. This is Don MacLeod. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's first quarter 2015 earnings conference call, both by telephone and through the web cast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our web site, www.mtb.com, and by clicking on the Investor Relations link. Also before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on Forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now I would like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, René Jones.
René Jones: Thank you, Don, and good morning everyone. As I noted in this morning's press release, M&T reported a 6% increase in net income, and diluted earnings per share growth of 2% from the first quarter of last year. We were able to eke out modest growth in revenue in a difficult environment, which combined with continued favorable credit performance and disciplined expense management to produce positive operating leverage, even while we made investments to improve the franchise, and to more efficiently server our stakeholders. A higher share count accounted for the lower pace of growth in earnings per share, as our capital levels continue to grow. We have a lot to talk about today, our results, progress on our initiatives and some recent announcements, as we usually do, I will start by reviewing a few of the highlights from the first quarter results, after which Don and I will be happy to take your questions. Remember, that you can reenter the queue if you have additional questions that haven't been answered. Turning to the results, diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $1.65 for the first quarter of 2015, up from $1.61 in the first quarter of 2014, that figure was $1.92 in the fourth quarter of last year. Net income for the quarter was $242 million, up 6% from $229 million in the year ago quarter, and $278 million in the linked quarter. As you are all aware, since 1998, M&T has consistently provided supplemental recording of its results on net operating or tangible basis, from which we exclude the after tax effect of amortization of intangible assets, as well as expenses and gains associated with mergers and acquisitions when they occur. After-tax expense from the amortization of intangible assets was $4 billion or $0.03 per common share in the recent quarter, relatively unchanged from the prior quarter. M&T's net operating income for the first quarter, which excludes intangible amortization was $246 million, up from $235 million in last year's first quarter, but down from $282 million in the linked quarter. Net operating earnings per common share were $1.68 for the recent quarter, compared with $1.66 in the year ago quarter, and $1.95 in the previous quarter. Net operating income yielded annualized rates of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders' equity of 1.08% and 11.90% for the recent quarter. The comparable returns were 1.18% and 13.55% in the fourth quarter of 2014. In accordance with the SEC guidelines, this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP, non-GAAP results, including tangible assets and equity. Before we get to the specifics, note that effective January 1, 2015, M&T adopted amended guidance from the financial accounting standards board, for investments in qualified affordable housing project. The adoption of this accounting guidance did not have a significant affect on M&T's financial position, or results of operation, but did result in the restatement of the consolidated financial statements for 2014, and earlier years, to remove the net costs associated with qualified affordable housing projects from the non-interest expense, and include the amortization of the investment in income tax expense. Turning to the balance sheet and the income statement, taxable equivalent net interest income was $665 million for the first quarter of 2015, a decline of $22 million from a linked quarter. Contributing to that decline was the normal impact from two fewer accrual days in the quarter, which reduced interest income by an estimated $10 million. An additional $5 million reduction in interest income was driven primarily by the accelerated amortization of the premium on certain mortgage backed securities. This follows the reduction in guarantee fees on newly originated FHA mortgage loans, and the resulting uptick in the refinancing of loans backed by some of our Ginnie Mae securities. For our expectations for prepayments speeds to unchanged, we wouldn't expect this to reoccur next quarter. We took further steps towards reaching LCR compliance during the quarter, by issuing $1.5 billion of unsecured bank notes, and using the proceeds to purchase additional high quality liquid assets, with lower yields than we previously obtained. The combination of those transactions reduced the net interest income by an estimated $4 million, we will discuss our LCR program further, when we get into the outlook. Finally, there was a $4 billion decline in average deposits from our institutional trust business. Recall, that excess deposit balances reside at the Federal Reserve. That decline occurred prior to the end of the fourth quarter, and was reflected on the balance sheet at December 31. Although those transactions generated a very narrow spread, the large decline in those balances reduced interest income by an estimated $3 million, but improved the net interest margin. These average balances are now at what we would consider to be more normal levels. The net interest margin was 317 basis points during the quarter, up 7 basis points from 310 basis points in the fourth quarter. The components of that change were as follows; the large decline in trust deposits held at the fed, increased reported net interest margin by an estimated 14 basis points. While LCR related investments and associated funding reduced the net interest margin by an estimated five basis points. The impact from the accelerated MBS premium amortization reduced the margin by an estimated two basis points, and we saw the usual impact from the day count in the shorter quarter, which added an estimated two basis points of the month [ph] [0:04:00] (4). Our estimate of the compression in the core margin, excluding the items I just mentioned, was somewhat less than what we have recently seen over the past several quarters, about one to two basis points. Average loans increased by $820 million or about 5% annualized compared with the fourth quarter. Looking at each of the portfolio of categories on an average basis compared with the linked quarter, commercial and industrial loans increased an annualized 7%, including continued strong growth in the Auto Floor Plan portfolio. Commercial real estate loans increased by about 8% annualized. Residential mortgage loans declined an annualized 4% and consumer loans grew an annualized 1%, this category included growth in indirect auto loans, offset by a decline in home equity lines of credit. Average core consumer deposits, which exclude deposits received at M&T's Cayman Island office and CDs over $250,000, declined an annualized 21% from the fourth quarter, reflecting the decrease in trust deposits I referenced earlier. Turning to non-interest income, non-interest income totaled $440 million in the first quarter, compared with $452 million in the prior quarter. Mortgage banking revenues were $102 million in the first quarter, up $8 million from the prior quarter. Commitments to originate residential mortgage loans for sale increased about 27%, and we saw a surge in refinancing activity early in the quarter, when rates declined and the momentum continued even after rates rallied. This led to a $6 million increase in residential gain on-sale. Several fee categories were impacted by typical seasonal factors. For example, fee income from deposit service charges provided was $102 million during the first quarter, compared with $106 million in the linked quarter. Trust fees were $124 million in the recent quarter, compared with $128 million the previous quarter, which included strong results for the institutional client services business. Similarly, credit related fees were lower by $7 million, coming off what was a strong fourth quarter. That decline largely related to fees that are typically transaction driven, and can vary somewhat from quarter-to-quarter. Turning to expenses, operating expenses for the first quarter, which exclude expenses from the amortization of intangible assets were $680 million, unchanged from a year ago quarter. The $21 million increase in operating expenses from $659 million in a linked quarter, reflected increased salaries and benefits, partially offset by a decline in other costs of operation. Salaries and benefits, increased by $45 million for the fourth quarter, reflecting in part, the normal seasonal increase that comes from the accelerated recognition of equity compensation expense for certain retirement eligible employees. Higher FICA expense and certain other benefit costs, as well as an $8 million rise in pension expense that was previously disclosed in the footnote to the 2014 10-K. The seasonal factors will decline, as we enter the second quarter, but the higher pension costs should remain throughout the end of the year. Other costs of operations were $203 million, down $28 million from a linked quarter, and down $8 million from a year ago. Elevated professional service expenses in the fourth quarter of 2014, including higher legal expenses that we noted on the January call, declined to a more normal level this past quarter and other professional services costs were reduced, as certain projects were either completed or reached significant milestones. Overall, we were pleased that we could keep expenses flat year-over-year, while funding our initiatives and meeting our compliance related milestones. As a result, the efficiency ratio, which excludes intangible amortization was 61.5% for the first quarter, improved from 62.8% in the year ago quarter. Next, let's turn to credit; our credit quality remained strong, non-accrual loans declined further from the end of the fourth quarter. The ratio of non-accrual loans to total loans climbed by two basis points to 1.18% as of the end of the first quarter. Net charge-offs for the first quarter were $36 million compared with $32 million in the fourth quarter. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of loans were 22 basis points for the first quarter, up slightly from 19 basis points in the previous quarter, but still well below our long term average of 37 basis points. Provision for credit losses was $38 million in the recent quarter, slightly exceeding net charge-offs. The allowance for credit losses was $921 million, amounting to 1.37% of total loans as of the end of March. The loan loss allowance as of March 31 was 6.3 times 2015's annualized net charge-offs. Loans 90 days past due, on which we continue to accrue interest, excluding acquired loans that have been marked to fair value at acquisitions were $237 million at the end of the recent quarter. Of these loans, $194 million or 82% are guaranteed by government-related entity. Turning to capital, the tier-1 common capital ratio is being deemphasized, as the industry moves from Basel-I to the Basel-III capital framework this year; although it will continue to be a variable in the stress testing process. But to give you a basis for comparison, M&T's tier-1 common ratio was an estimated 9.98% at the end of March, up 15 basis points from 9.83% at the end of last year. Our common equity tier-1 ratio under the current transitional Basel-III capital rules was slightly less, an estimated 9.78% at the end of the recent quarter. Before we turn to our outlook, there are two noteworthy items announced after the end of the recent quarter. Earlier this month, we completed the divestiture of a trade processing business within the retirement services business that we acquired with Wilmington Trust. Now this business generated annual revenues of $34 million, with a minimal impact, the net income and earnings per share in 2014. From that, you should be able to estimate the quarterly impact on revenues and expenses going forward. Last week, on April 15, we completed the redemption of $310 million of high cost fixed rate TROPs [ph], as contemplated in our capital plans. The three issues had a weighted average coupon of 8.445%. So now turning to the outlook; as is our usual practice, without giving specific earnings guidance, we'd like to revisit our thoughts from the January call regarding the full year of 2015. Although our loan growth this past quarter was slightly stronger than the 4% that we gave in our outlook, in the January earnings call, we are not going to increase our outlook at this point in time, given some of the mixed signals that we see in the economy, so we feel that we are relatively on track with the trend that you saw this quarter. Our guidance on the net interest margin, is a little changed from our previous outlook. Although, the compression in the core margin was somewhat less than it has been in the first quarter, we still believe its reasonable to expect about three basis points of core margin pressure per quarter. If short term rates start to rise, the impact will tend to offset those pressures. We expect modest progression in the net interest income over the coming quarters, and still expect to grow net interest income on a year-over-year basis. We still need to acquire additional high quality liquid assets to reach full compliance for the liquidity coverage ratio over the remainder of the year. Timing will be opportunistic, but we expect to be done well before the end of the year, and perhaps by the end of the third quarter. We are still looking for low single digit growth in fee revenues, as is normally the case, we expect seasonal increases in salaries and benefits during the first quarter to reverse itself. However as I noted, the increase in pension expense will persist for the full year. We would expect the decline in the second quarter to be in the neighborhood of $30 million. And as many of you know, in its message to the shareholders in the annual report, Bob Wilmers discussed in detail, the investments that we have made in 2014, and our continuing investments in BSA/AML, clients, capital planning, stress testing, risk management and infrastructure and client technology platforms to optimize the franchise. While we still have more work to do, professional service expenses, incurred in connection with our BSA/AML work are starting to trend downward, as some of the workstreams reach completion. Over the remainder of 2015, infrastructure, data and other initiatives that we are working on, will absorb some of those savings. We do expect to see some net benefit beginning next quarter, with most of the improvement in the second half of the year. All that said, our basic outlook for expenses is unchanged. We continue to expect lower overall spending in 2015 compared to last year, and we remain focused on producing positive operating leverage on a year-over-year basis. The first quarter got us off to a good start. Overall, our areas of focus for 2015 are fairly straight-forward; to continue to improve the efficiency of our balance sheet; manage the revenue expense dynamics to produce operating leverage; to optimize our capital structure, while conforming with both the regulatory capital thresholds, as well as the annual stress tests. I will conclude my prepared remarks with the topic that I am sure you are all closely focused on, the merger with Hudson City Bancorp. In connection with the merger, we announced last Friday, that M&T and Hudson City have agreed to an extension of the merger agreement to October 31st, 2015. We think this will provide our regulators, sufficient time to review our merger application, which the Federal Reserve has indicated, it will be in a position to act on by September 30. No assurance can be given, as to whether or when the necessary approvals of the mergers will be received. We see no material change in the deal economics from what we have conveyed previously, and we remain strongly committed to the merger, and to our prospective partners at Hudson City. Of course, as you are aware, our projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions, regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events, and other macroeconomic factors, which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. Now let's open up the call to questions, before which the operator will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And your first question comes from Matt Burnell of Wells Fargo Securities.
René Jones: Hi Matt.
Matt Burnell: Good morning René. Thanks for taking my call. Just a couple of questions, just on the HCBK transaction. You mentioned that there is no material -- you don't believe there is a material change to the deal economics at this point. Is there any change in sort of the pace of the accretion, relative to the pace that you originally announced in 2012?
René Jones: So if you go back to what we announced in 2012, I will start by saying, we are still in line with that guidance. Just straight-forward what the accretion would be, we are still in-line with that guidance. Having said that, remember what's happening with the shrinking balance sheet over time; had we done the deal earlier, the accretion probably would have been a little bit larger. But all of that is now captured in the equity of the firm, right; so that's how the economics are sort of held intact, and don't change the deal.
Matt Burnell: Okay. And does the delay, relative to what you thought the timing was going to be, when you submitted your CCAR at the beginning of this year. Does that have any effect on the potential timing of the buybacks that you are scheduled to do in early 2016?
René Jones: In our governance process, when we looked at those levels of buyback, we didn't assume anything about whether or not we would have to deal; we sort of just looked at what M&T on its own could handle, as sort of a first step of returning to buyback.
Matt Burnell: Okay. And just finally for me, any change in the tax rate, given the new accounting treatment going forward?
René Jones: No. There is no change to the tax rate. But what I'd urge you to do, is take a look at the quarterly trend, because all those are restated. So the number might be higher than what's in your models, but the tax rate is going to be consistent, with what you're seeing across the quarters there in the press release [ph] [0:02:56] (7).
Matt Burnell: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
René Jones: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Brian Klock of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Brian Klock: Hey, good morning René, good morning Don. So just wanted to follow-up on the question on the guidance related to the merger and the NII. So René, you talked about typical three basis points of quarterly compression and NIM. It looks like the HQLA was added late in the quarter, and had a five basis point impact. So is that three basis points not including the impact of those HQLA purchases into the second quarter? Maybe give us a little extra color around what the HQLA impact could have on 2Q's NIM?
René Jones: Yeah. That two, three basis points is, is without the HQLA, and if you think about what happened in the first quarter, we went out and did a $1.5 billion issuance of debt. And in fact, we did 5s and 10s, which is sort of the first time we did that, because we thought that the spread between treasuries and net debt were at historic lows, I think 47 basis points for the 10. So we took the opportunity to go out and grab some of that efficiency to length out the maturity structure of the debt. So there was a bit of an extra cost this quarter than you would normally see. My thinking is that, our thought is that we might be quite a bit lighter in the second quarter, and then finish up in the second half of the year. So second quarter, I don't expect a similar impact, and third quarter, will depend a little bit about on what we do with the term structure, instead of what's available at that time. So I think going forward for the remainder of the three quarters, I don't think there is a big material effect from finishing up what we have to do on the dollar amount of NII.
Brian Klock: Okay. So guess just on the NIM, the percentage NIM -- now the five basis point impact in the first quarter, there was about a third of an impact it seems on average balances. Should we think that there is another 10 basis points that come out of the NIM in the second quarter, or the full impact of what you did in the first?
René Jones: There might be some impact, but I don't see much of an impact.
Brian Klock: Okay. And again, the three basis points doesn't include the benefit from the TROP [ph] reduction either then?
René Jones: No, it does not.
Brian Klock: Right okay. All right, thanks for taking my questions. Appreciate it.
René Jones: Sure Brian.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Hi, good morning. René, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the trajectory of other expenses, and your comments about having lower expenses in 2015 versus 2014? Can you help us understand, how this mix shift happens from the professional consulting fees into the core and how much netting down you think that could have, especially on that other expense line?
René Jones: Yeah. I think I know what you mean, but just to be clear, in terms of where we were at the end of last year, we had built up our infrastructure to have all of our permanent resources in place, a lot of which were in salaries and benefits, but we still had running the full content of the professional services, and temporary staffing that helped us get accelerate the pace of the work. And so as we reach our milestones, that will come down, and it will produce lower expenses and -- from where we are now, and also on a year-over-year basis point, as you look at each quarter. But we don't think that you will see the full benefit of that, because we need to continue to make some investments, particularly on the technology side that we like to do. So I think the way to think about it is, we are going to try to shoot for positive operating leverage every quarter this year, and that -- go ahead?
Ken Usdin: I just wanted to say, on a year-over-year basis positive operating leverage?
René Jones: Yeah. And I am thinking about it, I am looking at every quarter; and that's why I said, I feel good about the fact that we started off positively in the first quarter, and if we can continue to do that by utilizing some of the lower professional services, I think we feel pretty good about it.
Ken Usdin: Okay. My second question is just about the Trust business; it has been kind of moving along at a low single digit rate of growth. And I am just wondering, what's that growth rate being burdened by, and at what point do you think we can start to see an acceleration in the Trust income growth line item?
René Jones: I think this year-over-year, we are looking at 2% in the past year, since we did the merger, we have been running at about five. And if you look at the two most important business that underlie that, that's the Institutional Client services and the Wealth businesses, those are still growing at about that pace. We still have investments in some of the affiliated managers, and as you know, with sort of the market performance on active managers that you're seeing across the industry, those balances and fees are down. But the two core businesses are still doing very-very well. So I would expect, if we could get 3% to 5% growth every year in that business, I think that's a real plus, because we are cross-selling that into the existing customer base, and then we have to do that -- we have to work on our efficiency and our ability to deliver that -- those services in a more streamlined fashion. If we can do that, that would be a homerun for the economics around those business.
Ken Usdin: And just a quick one on the end there, do you know the amount of quarterly fee waivers that you're waiving in that business?
René Jones: No. Fee waivers in the money funds -- Ken, we had sorted --
Don MacLeod: Ken, we had previously disclosed 15 to 20 a quarter, but I need to get that updated and we will have to get back to you.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Bob Ramsey of FBR Capital Markets.
Bob Ramsey: Hey, good morning guys. Just maybe touch on loan growth; I know you pointed out, the first quarter was a bit ahead of what you all had guided for, but you didn't feel comfortable enough to take up the full year outlook. What sort of drove the strength this quarter relative to expectations and what gives you caution on a look forward basis?
René Jones: I mean I think, you saw from the comments Bob, that we had pretty decent growth in C&I and real estate, consumer was slower; and then geographically, we still continue to see very nice growth at 5% growth annualized in upstate Western New York. And then New York, Philadelphia, New Jersey, that was 8% annualized. Baltimore, which has been running negative for several quarters, was up 2%. So it's sort of across the board with strength in New York, I guess is what I would say. And why we are so concerned with it though, in terms of thinking that we'd be higher, because we really have seen a lot of competitive pressure. Mostly, we believe, because of the substantial market liquidity and the number of participants that are actually out there, lending or competing for the same strong credit. So we have got banks, we have got insurance companies, CMBS originations have peaked, and we also now have PE firms. And what we are seeing, is that we are starting to routinely see sub-200 over cost of funds over LIBOR deals. A number of them are now situated around 150 basis points, on the 150 basis point range. And we are also seeing -- loosening deal structures. So the way we think about that is, when you start seeing terms that get extended so that deal terms are that low in pricing and -- I am sorry, the pricing is low and the deal terms are seven to 10 years, the economics are in the mid-single digits on tangible capital. And so, the idea that you can ramp up growth and actually produce any economic results, it doesn't seem to make much sense in this competitive environment. So that would keep us somewhat subdued. I think, to the extent that you see somebody have significant loan growth, I think you'd have to question the structure and the pricing of the deals.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. That's helpful. Then one other question sort of shifting gears, the mortgage line obviously very strong; what is the split there of service and versus origination income this quarter?
René Jones: I can give you that, I may shuffle around a little bit to do it. So $68 million in servicing would be outstanding, and then the residential gain on sale was around $21 million. I think you may figure out the rest from that, the rest would be commercial.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. And where the pipelines in that business is looking like heading into the second quarter?
René Jones: Pipelines look pretty strong. I think, if I look at the mortgage funds line, which is sort of application that we received during the quarter, minus those that denied or withdrawn or for loans closed, that was up high. That was up 50%. So to give you some sense, the pipeline at the end of the quarter, was $869 million, where the last time it was about that high was second quarter 2014.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from David Eads of UBS.
David Eads: Hello. Thanks for taking the question. I guess just following real quickly on the mortgage question there; you guys had previously talked about expecting mortgage revenues to be down for the year, after the strong 1Q and kind of the strong pipeline. Should we think about maybe having potentially, [0:33:41], the upside there?
René Jones: I feel good about the first quarter, its in the bag. The momentum in the second is great, but mortgage is all about rates. So it really depends what happens with the rate environment.
David Eads: Okay. That makes sense. I guess, maybe on -- when it comes to mortgage loans on the balance sheet, that dipped after a couple of quarters of being kind of stable. Was that -- was it just more due to seasonal factors, or anything else?
René Jones: You mean the residential mortgage book that we have?
David Eads: Yeah, on the balance sheet.
René Jones: Yeah. Well the balance sheet, I think that's -- I wouldn't characterize that as sort of normal run-off in the held-to-maturity portfolio. And it wouldn't make much sense for us to be adding mortgages pending the Hudson City thing, where you'd be bringing on $20 billion plus of mortgages. So that's just sort of naturally -- natural run-off that you see there.
David Eads: Okay. It just seemed that number would stabilize a little bit over the last couple of quarters, but that makes sense. Then just a last one for me, you talked about cash balances stabilize here, should we sort of think about this level of cash balances as a good run-rate for the near term, rather than kind of investing any of that in securities or elsewhere?
René Jones: We think that's right. I think for now, we are thinking about that as separate businesses, because those cash balances are high, but they tend not to be individual -- individual transactions aren't around for long periods of time, right? So I think the level that we'd see today is what we kind of expect, and I don't think we have any plans to really use a lot of that for the LCR.
David Eads: All right. Great, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sameer Gokhale of Janney Montgomery Scott.
Sameer Gokhale: Hi, thank you. Just a couple of questions; the first one was in terms of C&I growth René; you talked a little bit about your growth relative to others and some of the competition in the industry. But I was curious, if you could just help us delve a little deeper into where exactly your growth is coming from now, within C&I, relative to maybe where you had seen growth, say 12 months or so ago. So basically I am asking, if the mix of where you're generating C&I loan growth has changed any, relative to what you had seen say a year ago?
René Jones: I don't think so. I mean, I am just -- I will do a bit of a scan. For a long period of time, the C&I growth was sort of strongest in Upstate New York and in New York City and Philadelphia. Fairly strong in PA, and weaker in Baltimore and Washington; that still holds true. I think its pretty consistent with what we have seen over time.
Sameer Gokhale: Okay. And --
René Jones: We just don't know, [ph] what's going on in those economies.
Sameer Gokhale: But is there anything, any underlying loan category specifically within C&I that's growing more any -- if you have comments in terms of geography, as far as specific loan categories that you can think of, where they might be more pronounced sort of mix shift?
René Jones: No. You remember each of the markets are different. So there has been -- now you've got me out of the C&I category in a sense, but if I just think of the markets overall; in Buffalo, there is a lot of construction going on, and the number of hotels that have been put up and that could be transitioned into permanent financing, versus in Washington DC, one of the reasons why we think things are so slow, is because the economy there around the government services seems to be relatively weak, in terms of job growth. So we are seeing -- in Washington, we are seeing a slowdown in job growth, we are seeing tepid office space demand, especially in the general services, administration and defense contractors. So we have got a fair bit of a diversity, so it depends on which market you're in, so there maybe themes in markets, but there is no big theme overall.
Sameer Gokhale: Okay. And then you know, there was one other bank that reported on Friday; they, I think have a significantly higher amount of exposure to the energy sector, and yet, they were talking about how they had reduced commitments. But it seemed like at the same time, those same borrowers were able to get funding elsewhere in the capital markets. So while they were de-risking, it seems like somebody else in the capital markets is willing to take on that risk. Now in terms of your customer base and your sort of tight underwriting through cycles, it seems like your customer base would be even more receptive and able to get funding in the capital markets. So when I listen to your commentary about C&I loan growth and loan growth overall, shouldn't we expect in this sort of environment, that you see a more pronounced slowdown, relative to maybe what your peers are seeing from that perspective. Just more competition, more loans going away funded by the capital markets relative to your peers?
René Jones: You should. I mean, I think -- first, let me start off by saying, I think we talked about this last time. We don't have very much exposure to the energy sector at all. So we don't -- we have some, but its secondary, as you think about shale and things like that. And people for example, trucking companies supplying water to those facilities. So its very limited. But having said that, one of the things you're seeing, whether it'd be unhealthy deals or on things coming out of the classified portfolio, there is plenty of people to take those deals out. And I will give you an example, I mean, one of the things, as I go through all the deals, I look -- one of them in New York state, where we lost a particular deal. It was a $30 million credit. It was a 10-year fixed rate pricing of 2.14%. We just did the $750 million of 10-year fixed, at 2.90%, which is not possible for us to make that loan. So you start wonder, where is that going? Is that going to the capital markets, right in our people stretching in those venues. So this is one of the things that makes us very increasingly cautious, as we kind of move forward. Most of our credits, for example, the majority of the lending is being done with the existing customers that are out there.
Sameer Gokhale: Okay. Thank you. And then just my last question was -- I am just trying to get a sense for, in this current environment, what leverage you can pull from a revenue growth standpoint? I mean, clearly, looking at new products, etcetera, would be one place where you might try to drive additional revenue growth incrementally. But if you look at the penetration of your commercial lending customer base, and if you look at cash management or other types of services you could offer those customers, do you feel that there is more room there, where you can improve penetration? Or at this point, do you feel like you are at a level, where there are limited opportunities for you to sell additional products to that specific customer base?
René Jones: I think that, as you focus on, particularly folks on the commercial space, I think we are very fortunate. So well yes, I think there is probably more that we could do in certain parts of the commercial segment around cash management and different types of cash management services. I also think, that will light in a number of other areas that we do. So relative to our peers, we are probably light on the insurance side. There is a number of areas. And then don't forget, that we have got a big part of what the wealth business in Wilmington is, its serving businesses. And that has actually provided tremendous -- I hate to use the word -- you used the word cross-sell. It has provided tremendous capabilities for us to supplement sort of a natural life-cycle of those business owners. And so that's going pretty well. So I feel kind of fortunate. We have got areas where we know we could improve and we have some that we actually are improving. And so I think that will be our focus. I will just say it, I know we are off with some folks expectations for the quarter in terms of revenue, but at the end of the day, I was pretty impressed that we had growth in revenue year-over-year at 2%, and we are not seeing much of that. And I think, I talked in my comments about efficiency, and one of the places where you have to look at efficiencies, is to look at efficiency of your balance sheet. And if we do that, and we continue to look for opportunities there, then that will have a positive impact on revenue, like the TROP [ph] redemptions we just did. So those types of things are going to be really important to us.
Sameer Gokhale: Okay. Terrific. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: Yes, good morning. My first question is just a follow-up to Brian's question on HQLA. René, could you give us a sense of what you think the end of period balances would be in your investment securities portfolio? And also, what you're going to be funding that growth with for the duration of the year?
René Jones: What they are now, the end of period?
Erika Najarian: What you expect the securities balances to be by the end of the year, taking into account the HQLA purchases that you're going to be embark upon, and what you're going to fund that incremental purchases with?
René Jones: We are somewhere around $14 billion. I think we have got to do a little more than what we did recently. In the last quarter we did $1.8 billion. So we have a little bit more than that to do, to get ourselves [indiscernible]. And remember, I think we are being relatively conservative there. So as someone mentioned, are we using the $5 billion in cash, that counts in liquidity coverage ratio, but we are not using it. So we are probably technically further along, and have some leeway from there, but we tend not to count those assets, as we manage them internally.
Erika Najarian: And is that $1.8 billion more than the $1.8 billion for the rest of the year, or is that more than $1.8 billion quarter-to-quarter?
René Jones: More than $1.8 billion for the rest of the year. The pure [ph] median, we are at 16% of our securities or 16% of our balance sheet and the peers are at about 19%.
Erika Najarian: Okay. And then just one last quarter if you could, if the deal with Hudson City does close or gets floated on, on October 31. Is fourth quarter -- end of fourth quarter, too soon of a close to assume just for our modeling purposes?
René Jones: We have been trying to get the deal done for a very long time, and should we get approval, we will work very swiftly.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Marty Mosby of Vining Sparks.
Marty Mosby: Hey, I just wanted to ask about the cross-sell efforts down in New Jersey, and twofold; one is, kind of how much in run rate expenses are already there, because that wasn't netted out against your synergies in the original deal, when its already in the expenses. And then two, what kind of revenue have you been able to see, with your efforts so far, as you have got that fully operational now?
René Jones: You know Marty, I think things are on track, maybe a little better than we would have expected, when we first laid out our plan. We have got over $1 billion -- we may have put these notes in our -- the best place to look, [ph] it involves letter, I think we did a paragraph on it. So one of the keys is, that we have over $1 billion of loans to-date, that we seem to be engaged in all fronts, except those where we really can't, because we -- also in retail, we don't have any engagement. So we feel pretty good. That seems to be on track as we thought [0:46:32]. And I think, for the level of activity that we have going on today, in those non-branch business lines, I'd say we probably are fully staffed from the level of activity that we have today, and to see more hires, we would have to see more growth in a bigger portfolio.
Marty Mosby: And just curious, how much you were netting out of the original expense synergies that you have already incurred?
René Jones: I don't know if I have ever disclosed it, but quite frankly, I can't remember. You know the number we hired, right? I think we talked about, on the ground we have 129 people there, so you can do something there. But in totality, I think when you count people back here at M&T, it was more like 170 people that we hired, and so you can get some sense of what the cost of that would be on an annual basis, if you throw in a little bit of extra occupancy and so forth.
Marty Mosby: And then, just one last follow-up, if you look at the seasonality -- you have seasonality in really big buckets, you had fewer days, $10 million, you mentioned on NII, and you got fees, which if you look at mortgage, kind of already starting to kick in, maybe you saw from that. But that's generally about $30 million, and then you highlighted another $30 million on expenses. Typically, you have a little bit more than the rest of the regional banks and the seasonality. Is there anything that would soften that, if you kind of look in total, about $75 million from first quarter to second quarter in normal progression?
René Jones: I am glad you mentioned that. So a year ago, from the fourth quarter of 2013 to the first quarter of 2014, I think in total, we saw revenues decline about $36 million. This time, we saw them drop about $33 million. So pretty much, while it may be some different categories here and there, there is nothing that's atypical about the seasonality that we are seeing, and everybody's well familiar with what happens on the expense side. So again, that's why I spent a lot of time focusing on the year-over-year space, because for us to do all the things that we have been doing and actually produce 6% growth in net income, I felt pretty good about it. And if we can keep doing that, and we can keep producing operating leverage, I think that's pretty good. I think what we are going to have to begin to do, as we get into the next year, is start working on capital efficiency and those things, as our capital ratios have -- we have passed two stress tests, and our capital ratios continue to rise, and so I think it’s a good time to begin to think about what our capital structure is, and how we rationalize that as well.
Marty Mosby: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Ken Zerbe of Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe: Great, thanks. You guys mentioned that you have seasonality in the trust business, but it doesn’t seem like a business that should have seasonality. Can you just remind us, why that's a seasonal level of revenue?
René Jones: Yeah. Two reasons off the top of my head, one is, we get paid in different ways, sometimes we get paid on a monthly basis, some fee arrangements are quarterly. But there is also a significant portion, where we are on an annual fee basis. So you would see that at the end of the year, and then as you get back up, you lose that source. So that whole collection of people that pay you on an annual basis, you wouldn't see in the first quarter. And then taxes, so for example, you should see an uptick in the revenue next time, because all of -- the substantial portion of our tax fees are paid in the second quarter.
Ken Zerbe: Got it. That means fourth quarter is higher, given the annual payment, and sorry, your comments mean that fourth quarter was lower or second quarter is higher than first?
René Jones: First quarter would be lower than the fourth or the annual fee reason.
Ken Zerbe: Okay. And then second quarter is higher than the first, because of taxes?
René Jones: Because of taxes? So there is some of it -- as we go back, its pretty consistent. I think at year ago, if we do the same thing -- a year ago, fourth to first, we were down $4.7 million. This time we were down $4.6 million.
Ken Zerbe: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jill Shea with Credit Suisse.
Jill Glaser Shea: Hi. Good morning. So with the merger close date extended to October 31st, could you note for us any potential differences in certain expense line items, relative to your initial estimates for a potential April 30th close? And so, to just keep some expense line items higher over the near term, and then does this factor into your thought process in terms of timing of additional investments in the business, in order to manage just the [indiscernible] year-over-year?
René Jones: No. So all my comments about the financials to-date have been M&T standalone, and all the comments that we make about Hudson city, think of it as time zero out 12 months of the first year. So there is nothing we can do, until we all bring those franchise together and start working on it. So the start date, both of when we pay for the franchise, and both when we get to operate and it just moves. But I think that's the best way to answer your question, am I getting that right?
Jill Glaser Shea: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Hi René.
René Jones: Hi Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Question on your common equity tier-1 ratio that you pointed out at the end of March is 9.78% under the transitional capital rules. Do you have an estimate for what that ratio would be at the end of March, if you had to fully implement the rules applied?
René Jones: Yes I do. It's just slightly less, its 9.71.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay. You've touched on more than once on this call, on having to focus on optimizing your capital levels, especially after the Hudson City deal closes this year. Where do you see optimal common equity tier-1 ratio from your guys eyes? Where do you think that could settle out at, every couple years, let's say one everything settles then?
René Jones: So we have sort of been searching for that, right. So a year ago, two stress tests ago, we entered the stress test with a tier-1 common of 9.48 and we fared pretty well in the stress test. And we entered with something like 9.76 or something like that this past time, and we fared pretty well. So now that we have had our internal models for some time, but we are getting to -- get a chance to see the third party's view of that. So we are kind of zoning in on that, and I think that sort of starts to frame the idea of where our target ratios might come out, and what I know, that to be on a comparable basis, you have to use the other measure, which is 9.98. So clearly, as we start pushing up above 10, you're starting to get into the space of excess capital. So at some point, we will probably start disclosing target capital ratios. But again, I think, we haven't really done that in particular, because of the sort of uncertainty with the transaction, because that transaction will give us even more capital, all right, and we need to sort of think about what the difference is between our target ratios, and what we practically can and actually get to. So that's sort of what our thinking is, but hopefully that frames for you, what we are zoning or beginning to zone in on.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. And coming back to your comments about the loan portfolio; we have heard from a number of banks this quarter about the pressure on spreads due to increased competition. You're one of the few that have talked about maybe underwriting standards now, are starting to weaken if you will? Is this relatively new, the spread pressures seem to have been talked about a quarter or two before from others as well? But the weakening of underwriting [indiscernible], is that something new that you guys are seeing, or am I being too harsh in saying that?
René Jones: No, you're not being too harsh in saying that. I think what I'd characterize is, it has been slightly increasing for a long period of time, and that sort of increasing trend has not cone unabated. So when we look at our own numbers, I look at some of the things that in for a long term client, that we are doing for them. And I say to myself, wow, we are now getting into a space where, if you're going to see any kind of loan growth, you're probably -- it would be tough to generate high single digit loan growth in this environment, when you compete with the capital markets. I would expect, in the real estate space, the multifamily space, the CMBS issuance will be up 20% this year. So that's pretty natural for us not to be able to compete with those guys, in the level of both structure and price.
Gerard Cassidy: Do you think it will be more challenging for M&T in this environment? In the past, you guys have done a very good job in managing capital, and when markets became aggressive in underwriting, your numbers would show that you would pull back, have better credit growing through the down cycle. But then, take that excess capital that you weren't using, and you weren't the best at giving it back to shareholders. Now that you have this new regulatory control on returning capital, could it be more challenging for M&T going forward, if you decide to pull back; because the underwriting is way too aggressive, but you are in it now, and you may have to sit on the capital longer?
René Jones: It’s a great question Gerard. I hope not. I mean, we have got a large organization with lots of people. And so, we have a strong culture of not chasing revenue, and I think that culture is still intact. And at the same time, we are investing very heavily in sort of modernizing our risk management infrastructure, and make sure that doesn't happen. All we can do is, continue to talk about it and be very transparent about it. Having said that, when I look back at the cycles, I think -- this is just me, but I think that, when we look back, we will be talking about how -- when a lot of the standards were weakening and deal economics were lighter, we were making investments in our risk management infrastructure and we were focused on efficiency. And that's sort been this way, the cycle has been -- has carried out over a number of decades for us, and I think as long as we have that good work to do, it makes us less antique [ph] about the fact that revenue growth is slow, and our clients need to be very loyal to us, and our focus will be on maintaining those relationships, and making sure that we take some of the excess capital invested in our franchise, in our infrastructure.
Gerard Cassidy: My last question -- last one is, obviously it has been a tough go with this Hudson City acquisition. After it is completed, has your view or Bob's view or the board's view on acquisitions in the future changed because of what you had to go through in this process with HCBK?
René Jones: I will try to answer that question if you promise to ask me again, what's the deal?
Gerard Cassidy: Okay.
René Jones: I think the way I think about it is, this might be the largest transaction since Dodd-Frank. There is a lot of uncertainty out there, but clearly the standards are high. And I feel good about the fact, while it may seem counterintuitive that we are in there, working on finding out first-hand what those standards are. And I think that, as we get to a place, our investments should be leverageable; and I never heard anything to suggest that the regulatory environment doesn't want deals to happen ever again. So I try to be somewhat optimistic. Having said that, I will tell you, that clearly the standards are high, and I look at all the work that we have done, and the way I think about it is, we have done a tremendous amount of work. I won't recite it all, but we have done a tremendous amount of work, in a relatively short period of time, and it kind of makes sense, that the Federal Reserve, would want to take an appropriate amount of time in this environment, to sort of -- to sort of get their arms around those improvements we have made, to get comfortable with it, as part of the application process. I try not to think too much beyond that, but I don't see any reason why -- with the infrastructure we have in place, that we shouldn't be able to do deals in the future.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you for all your time.
René Jones: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your final question is coming from Frank Schiraldi of Sandler O'Neill.
Frank Schiraldi: Good morning. René, I think in the past you have talked about a 50% to 55% efficiency ratio of getting back to that level over time. Assuming Hudson City closes, is that a range you think you can get to in the current revenue environment, or do you foresee needing some help from rates to get there?
René Jones: I think you -- there are cycles, and I think that revenues are very-very depressed, because of the rate environment. So you see how asset sensitive we are, its significant and you also have -- Don touched on the fact that on the mutual fund space, where we have $9 million to $10 million of mutual funds that are earning zero to negative, those would gain back -- go all the way back up to 40. So this is -- we think of it, in terms of the revenue and expense spread, I think that clearly, you could get to those levels with a different rate environments, and not being where it is today.
Frank Schiraldi: Okay. So those levels ensure of a more normalized environment then, is that a fair statement?
René Jones: I think so. But can you make improvements in the current environment? Yeah, we definitely have the ability to do that, because we have been spending a lot of money. And if you look at the peers, they have been reducing expenses, we had not -- over the last two years, we have increased expenses, and there is a big spread between what we have invested in the period. So we have opportunity to improve without a turnaround in rate.
Frank Schiraldi: Okay. And then just finally on modeling, I just want to make sure I heard you correctly. In terms of the accounting change, given the effective tax rate in the quarter, that's a decent run rate going forward, just using that tax rate from 1Q?
René Jones: Yeah. 36-ish somewhere in that range is what you see there is probably pretty good.
Frank Schiraldi: Okay, great. Thank you.
René Jones: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the floor back over to Don MacLeod for any final closing remarks.
Don MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, if clarification of any of the items on the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations Department at area code 716-842-5138. Thank you and good bye.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-20 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the M&T Bank Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode, and the floor will be open for your questions following the presentation. [Operator Instructions] It is now pleasure to turn the floor over to Don MacLeod, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Don MacLeod: Thank you, Lorie, and good morning, everyone. This is Don MacLeod. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's fourth quarter 2014 earnings conference call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website, www.mtb.com, and by clicking on the Investor Relations link. Also, before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on Forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now I would like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, René Jones.
René Jones: Thank you, Don, and good morning, everyone. As I noted in this morning’s press release, the past year was one of substantial progress for us. Our results included lower credit costs, as well as notable improvements in our liquidity, capital and overall risk profile. We made excellent progress on our critical initiatives to strengthen M&T’s BSA/AML compliance and overall risk management infrastructure. And while the target investments that we made moderated our return on tangible common equity to a shade below 14% for the year, the -- taking these steps now positions M&T well for the changing -- for the change to banking environment. Our results for the last quarters -- our results for last year’s final quarter were characterized by higher revenues, dampened by a slightly higher tax rate. As we usually do, I'll start by reviewing a few of the highlights from M&T’s fourth quarter and full year results, after which Don and I will be happy to take your questions. Remember that you can reenter the queue if you have additional questions that haven't been answered. Turning to the details, diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $1.92 for the fourth quarter of 2014, improved from $1.91 in the third quarter and a $1.56 in the fourth quarter of 2013. Net income for the quarter was $278 million, up from $275 million in the prior quarter. Net income was $221 million in a year ago quarter. There were no noteworthy items impacting M&T’s third and fourth quarter 2014 results. However, recall that our results for the fourth quarter of 2013 included an after-tax $24 million litigation related accrual, which amounted to $0.18 per share. As you are all aware, since 1998 M&T is consistently provided supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis, from which we exclude the after-tax effect of amortization of intangible assets, as well as expenses and gains associated with mergers and acquisitions when they occur. Our after-tax expense [$0.26] [ph] per common share in the recent quarter, relatively unchanged from the prior quarter. Net operating income for the fourth quarter, which excludes intangible amortization, was $282 million, up slightly from $280 million in the linked quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $1.95 for the recent quarter, up from a $1.94 in the linked quarter. Net operating income yielded annualized rates of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders equity of 1.18% and 13.55% for the recent quarter. The comparable returns were 1.24% and 13.8% in the third quarter of 2014. In accordance with SEC guidelines, this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results, including tangible assets and equity. Turning to the balance sheet and the income statement, taxable equivalent net interest income was $688 million for the fourth quarter of 2014, an increase of $13 million from the linked quarter. The net interest margin was 3.10% during the quarter, down 13 basis points from 3.23% in the third quarter. The margin compression included the following component, substantially all of the decline came as a result of higher deposits from our institutional trust business and which we in turn held at the Federal Reserve. On an average basis interest-bearing deposits with banks including the fed were nearly $4 billion higher in the fourth quarter than in the third quarter, that increase added to net interest income, but diluted the margin by an estimated 13 basis points. The credit performance of our acquired loan portfolio continues to outperform relative to our previous estimates. As a result, three years after the Wilmington Trust merger and five years after the Provident merger, we continue to realize higher than projected cash flows from those required portfolios. In the fourth quarter, interest income on all acquired loans was $49 million, increased from $43 million in the previous quarter. This had the effect of boosting the net interest margin by about 3 basis points, which was offset by a like amount of compression in the core margin. Average loans increased by $1 billion or 6% annualized compared to the third quarter. The improved face of activity we saw late in the third quarter carried through to the fourth quarter. On that same basis, average C&I loans increased an annualized 5%, influenced by seasonal strength in the auto floor plan portfolio. Average commercial real estate loans increased by about 9% annualized. This included double-digit annualized growth in Upstate and Western New York, and improved activity in New York City -- in our New York City Metropolitan region, which had M&T includes New Jersey and Greater Philadelphia, as well as New York. Also contributing to that growth is a larger held for sale pipeline in our commercial mortgage banking operation, which had its strongest quarter since the second quarter of 2013. Residential mortgage loan volumes increased an annualized 1% and average consumer loans grew an annualized 7%, reflecting growth in indirect auto and recreation finance loans. Overall, end of period loan growth was just slightly stronger than the average, up $1.1 billion or 7% annualized. The past quarter results are relatively consistent with what we've been seeing over the past 12 months, with better growth in Upstate New York and in the New -- Metro New York City area, driven by somewhat stronger economic growth that we're seeing in Pennsylvania, Baltimore and elsewhere in the Mid-Atlantic, and this is despite the intense competition that we see across the entire footprint. Average core customer deposits, which exclude deposits received at M&T's Cayman Islands office and CDs over 250,000 increased an annual annualized 27% in the third quarter, reflecting the increase in trust deposits, I referred to you earlier. Given their typical short-term nature the trust deposits declined meaningfully by the end of the quarter and reached to more normal level on an end of period basis. Turning to non-interest income, non-interest income totaled $452 million in the fourth quarter, little change from the prior quarter. There were no securities gains or losses in either period. Mortgage banking revenues were $94 million in the fourth quarter relatively unchanged from the prior quarter. Lower revenues associated with residential mortgage origination activities were offset by strong origination activity on the commercial side, commitments to originate residential mortgage loans for sale declined by about 16%, while the gain on sale margin was relatively unchanged. Fee income from deposit services provided were $106 million during the fourth quarter, compared with $110 million in the linked quarter, reflecting a slowdown in consumer service charges, as well as in commercial fees. This was offset by higher credit related fees, which are included in other revenues from operations and which were -- noticeably stronger in the fourth quarter compared with somewhat soft third quarter. Turning to expenses, operating expenses for the fourth quarter, which exclude expense from the amortization of intangible assets, were $673 million, also little change from the prior quarter. Salary and benefits were $345 million, down $4 million from $349 million in the third quarter. Furniture, equipment and occupancy costs were $62 million, down $5 million from the prior quarter, reflecting -- primarily reflecting lower depreciation expense. All other operating expenses were up by $10 million from the previous quarter. The increase relates to cost of litigation defense, as well as investments in technology and risk management infrastructure. Expenses arising from the BSA/AML compliance initiative were essentially flat. The efficiency ratio, which excludes intangible amortization, was 59.1% for the fourth quarter compared with 59.7% in the prior quarter and 65.48% in the year ago quarter. Next, let’s turn to credit. Our credit quality remains extremely strong. Non-accrual loans declined further from the end of the third quarter. The ratio of non-accrual loans to total loans declined by 9 basis points to 1.20% at the end of the fourth quarter. Net charge-offs for the fourth quarter were $32 million, compared with $28 million in the third quarter. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were 19 basis points for the fourth quarter, consistent with the full year figure and slightly up -- and up slightly from 17 basis points in the previous quarter. The provision for credit losses was $33 million for the recent quarter. The allowance for credit losses was $920 million, amounting to 1.38% of total loans as of the end of December. The loan loss allowance as of December 31st was 7.6 times 2014’s net charge-offs. Loans 90 days past due, on which we continue to accrue interest excluding acquired loans that had been marked to fair value at acquisition were $245 million at the end of the recent quarter. Of these, the loans, $218 million or 89% are guaranteed by government related entities. Turning to capital, M&T’s Tier 1 common capital ratio was an estimated 9.83% at the end of December, up 7 basis points from 9.76% at the end of September and up 61 basis points from the end of 2013. Our estimated common equity Tier 1 ratio under the Basel III capital rules on a fully phased-in basis is 9.59% at the end of 2014. Before we turn to the outlook, I will take a moment to cover the key highlights of 2014’s full year results. GAAP based diluted earnings per common share were $7.42 compared with $8.20 in 2013. Net income was $1.07 billion, compared with $1.14 billion in the prior year. Net operating income, which excludes the amortization of intangibles and merger-related expenses, was $1.1 billion compared with $1.2 billion in the prior quarter. And diluted net operating income per share was $7.57 per share, compared with $8.48 per share in 2013. The rate of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders’ equity for 2014 was 1.23% and 13.76%. Recall that results for 2013 included $67 million of net after-tax securities and securitization gains, amounting to $0.51 per share, which were incurred as we reposition the balance sheet for our first-time participation in the CCAR program. Other noteworthy items impacting 2013 results were an after-tax $15 million benefit from the reversal of a purchase accounting accrual related to the Wilmington Trust merger and the litigation related accrual I referred to earlier. Turning to the outlook, as is our usual practice without giving specific guidance, we’d like to share our thoughts for the coming year. We are looking for loans to grow at a pace consistent with the 4% increase we've seen over the past 12 months. Investment securities will increase as we execute -- should increases as we execute the remaining actions needed to reach compliance with the liquidity coverage ratio. And offsetting those increases should be a decline in cash held at the Fed, as trust deposits have returned to more normal levels. Our guidance on the net interest margin is little changed. We are expecting about 3 to 4 basis points of core margin compression per quarter. If short-term rates start to rise as the forward interest rate curve currently implies, the impact will tend to be offset by -- that impact will tend to be offset. Purchase of securities, as we complete our LCR build-out over the next three quarters, we will further dilute the margin but should have little impact on net interest income. I think it's important to note that as you think about those comments, that our 310 margin for the fourth quarter of 2014, as a starting point, obviously was influenced by that 13 basis points that we mentioned with higher cash balances. We are looking for low single-digit growth in fee revenues. Our growth last year in core wealth and institutional service business was in the mid-single digits and we are looking to match, if not better that pace in 2015. We see the possibility of an absolute decline in mortgage banking fees depending on where interest rates go. Consistent with our previous comments regarding expenses, we anticipate normalizing some of the professional service spending in 2015, as some of our work streams reach completion. That said, we still have some infrastructure and technology initiatives that we are working on, that will absorb some of those savings. And at the same time, we are rapidly turning our attention to optimizing our business model in a way that produces positive operating leverage. At 59.06%, our efficiency ratio in the fourth quarter has improved slightly from the previous quarter and down 640 basis points from the fourth quarter of 2013. We expect continued progress as we get to the fourth quarter of 2015. Given the environment, we expect lower spending in 2015 as compared to last year and our goal is to produce positive operating leverage. I’ll remind you that we expect our usual seasonal increase in salaries and benefits in the first quarter of 2015, which primarily reflects annual equity incentive compensation, as well as a handful of other items. Last year, that increase was in the neighborhood of $40 million. We see no indications of a change in the credit cycle. But with net charge-offs for the full year at just 19 basis points which is roughly half our long-term average, our conservatism won’t let us count on beating that figure in 2015. With respect to capital, we have effectively closed any gap that we had versus our peer regional banks. This lets us turn our attention to enhancing the efficiency of our capital structure at these higher levels. And I will conclude my remarks -- my prepared marks with the topic that I’m sure you are all closely focused on, the merger with the Hudson City Bancorp. As we’ve noted, we feel we have made tremendous progress on all of our initiatives and milestones across our most important work streams. Both parties remain committed to the merger and as you know, agreed to extend the date after which either party may terminate the merger agreement to April 30, 2015. Finally, the financial metrics we calculated at the time of the transaction -- at the time the transaction was announced remain intact. Of course as you're aware, our projections are subject to a number of uncertainties, various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, local events and other macroeconomic factors, which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. Now let's open up the call to questions, before which Lorie will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Brian Klock of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Brian Klock: Good morning, René. Good morning, Don
René Jones: Good morning.
Brian Klock: Hi, guys. So just two quick questions on the margins, thinking about where the current curve is and your commentary about LCR. So just thinking about the excess liquidity, the accretable yield number. If we take it -- maybe it's a 3.20ish, 3.24 number that we go into next year with, I guess what should we be thinking about as far as what you need to do on an LCR purpose to kind of build up your securities balances, your HQLA? I noticed that your investment securities balances are down about $350 million in the fourth quarter. So, is that something you would do throughout the year? Or is this something that maybe you would wait till there is maybe a better outlook in the long end of the curve? So maybe just talk about what you are thinking about with those LCR actions in 2015.
René Jones: Thanks, Brian. I mean, I think that’s relative straightforward. We had a fair amount of purchases in the first three quarters of 2014. We took a pause in the fourth quarter. And I think our plan would kind of be to go back and do the same to sort of finish out the work that we have to do. So my sense is that the first three quarters of '15 will look generally very similar to what we’re doing in '14. And I think beyond that that should bring us well into compliance. I mean, we are in very good shape today. And I think what you will see next year is closing the final gap and then obviously thinking on the liability side beginning to replace debt, that’s maturing and getting into more of a routine cycle.
Brian Klock: Okay. And a follow-up question on capital. I think you are right, thinking about where your TCE and your core capital is, your common equity Tier 1 all fully phased-in are at levels -- at above some of your peers versus when you announced the Hudson City deal. I guess with the CCAR that you just submitted, I guess what are you guys thinking about return of capital and maybe be in a position to ask for a buyback or what level of Tier 1 common would you be comfortable with in order to start returning capital again?
René Jones: Well, I think I can respond to in sort of general terms. I mean, so, as you know, we got through one CCAR and we’re pleased with how we fared. We believe and feel very comfortable that we made further enhancements, particularly to the sustainability of the process. So we are pretty pleased with the work we’re doing going in. From a general perspective, in terms of priority now that we have a higher amount of core loss absorbing capital, we’re heavy on the hybrid side. So we’ve not sort of one of the few people that have not yet optimized their hybrid. So that’s something that sort of falls into the first priority for us to figure out how to begin to take those instruments that won’t qualify as core capital or regulatory capital and move those off of our balance sheet. And then as we kind of work through fully implementing out our risk management infrastructure, I think it’s very logical that what you would see overtime, I can’t really talk about the timing, but that we would take what is very, very low payout, total payout ratio now relative to the average and we begin to sort of move that in sync. So for us, at some point in time it’s -- bank maintains its historical position. We tend to generate a lot more capital than others, but I think our plan is to sort of steadily make improvements in getting back to a more efficient space there. Timing, I can’t really talk about.
Brian Klock: So I guess as far as the -- that timing could be something that, would you feel comfortable with the Hudson City merger closing this year, being able to put a capital return into this year's numbers?
René Jones: Well, I mean, regardless of any CCAR test and what have you, I mean for us to be buying back shares while we’re entering a transaction just sort of outside of our thought process and our philosophy, our policy, not really our policy but just our behavior. So, that’s not something that we really have ever done.
Brian Klock: Okay. Makes sense. Thanks for your time.
René Jones: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Burnell of Wells Fargo Securities.
René Jones: Hi, Matt. 1
Matt Burnell: Good morning, René. How are you?
René Jones: Good.
Matt Burnell: Just a couple of questions. One on the trust income line. I know you mentioned that you are expecting some growth in that next year. I guess I'm just curious if you are thinking about potential investment in that business, maybe not inorganic growth, but just further investment in that business along the line of what several other regional banks have done to try to boost fee revenue?
René Jones: That’s a good question. I mean, I think right now I often say that when we do transactions that there is the pricing, there is the integration, but then there are the merging of the systems, but then there is longer integration. And the way I think about it is, we are always open to opportunities, but we are very, very heavily focused on continuing to make improvements into our back-office or infrastructure and our investment platforms. We are still really very much in an investment mode in that space. And it’s been very nice to see that the topline revenue growth has consistently grown since the -- what has been 2.5 years since the merger, 3.5 years. And so that’s been positive, but we are still in investment mode. So to the extent that there is now lot of opportunities out there, we are not out there chasing them. But obviously down the road if something were to make sense for us to do, we would probably entertain it.
Matt Burnell: So barring an acquisition, it sounds like you are still thinking about sort of mid-to-low single-digit growth in that line item, specifically for 2015.
René Jones: Yes, definitely.
Matt Burnell: Okay.
René Jones: And then, what I would say is that in that business topline and bottomline over the longer term are not the same because there is opportunity for leverage, right. And then the way we are thinking about it as well is the fee income aspect of it is very attractive as well.
Matt Burnell: Right. Makes sense. Just a question on your C&I business, maybe a little bit on the CRE side of things. What has been your experience the last quarter or two in terms of demand for lines? And some of your competitors have suggested that in 2015 there may be some elevated pricing on C&I lines just as they begin to work through some of the capital implications from some of the regulatory pronouncements, but just curious as to how you are thinking about that heading into 2015?
René Jones: I guess, I don’t know if we’re in a different space. I mean, we have been pretty disciplined throughout. And what I can’t talk about next year, but as I look at this quarter, talking to every single region, the one thing that’s become common is that there is consistent competitive pressure. So from time to time when we get together, you will see some regions feel a little bit less pressure than others this and the fourth. As we finish the year everybody was very loudly speaking about the fact that our competitive pressure was relatively intense and probably stronger in the second half of the year than in the first. Generally speaking, the big issue that we are seeing -- one of the big issues that we are seeing across the board is that people are moving out in terms of term, 10-year deal structures on commercial real estate. And what’s interesting about that is it's hard because our metric is pretty pure. So we, sort of, are questioning whether people are really getting the right risk-adjusted pricing for that that added term but generally other than that, no other big changes.
Matt Burnell: Okay. One final question and I'll go back in the queue. You mentioned appropriately managing your capital structure would include getting rid of or refinancing some of the hybrids. Would you be thinking about refinancing those hybrids in terms of perpetual preferred stock or is there some other product you're thinking about?
René Jones: No, we’ve got the appropriate amount of perpetual preferred stock for a balance sheet of our size or balance sheet of our size with, if you were to include Hudson City. So it's just actually excess sitting there.
Matt Burnell: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
René Jones: Sure.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache of Nomura Securities.
Bill Carcache: Thanks. Good morning. Hi, hi René. I guess just in terms of thinking about a range of different potential outcomes, let's just say for the sake of argument that you guys did not receive approval to close on the Hudson City deal. Can you help us understand what would happen to your efficiency ratio over the next few quarters as you would unwind some of what you guys have done in anticipation of closing? It seems like you'd retain the benefit of much of the BSA/AML spending that you've done. But I was hoping maybe you could parse out for us how much of your expense base you'd be able to cut, to the extent that you think about the future without Hudson City being a part of it?
René Jones: Yeah. I mean, I’ll start up with saying, we don’t think about it in any different with or without, I mean, the numbers might change but we don’t think about it any differently because our key is sort of make sure that the core of our institution is very healthy. And so as we look at the current environment, I think it's a good reflection of what we’re likely to see as the banking industry going forward and revenue growth is very slow. You saw that we had mid-single-digit loan growth and we had some measures I mentioned of margin compression. And then on the fee side, our mortgage banking is relatively elevated. So it’s hard to see that growing dramatically. So I think you're in a slow revenue growth environment with a lot of healthy institutions competing for a few solid customers. We've been here several times before and part of that equation is looking at sort of the operating leverage. So as we go into -- as we go into ‘15, we would expect to see continued improvement. I won't repeat my comments around the spending on our projects most of which is in -- is in -- heavily in professional services. But if you just take that topic for a minute, if you were to look at our peer group which includes 11 institutions, so 12 with M&T. Typically over time, we are in the top quartile in terms of return on it -- return on tangible assets. And if you were to look through the third quarter with our higher level of spending related to these initiatives, we’re actually just outside of the top quartile. The single largest difference if you go across margin, different fee categories is the single largest difference is our spending and professional services. And simply moving that to the average spend for the peers puts us squarely in the top two or three position and in terms of return on tangible assets. Now we are focused on our overall business. And as I mentioned, we’re beginning to look around and think about other ways in which we should be optimizing the firm at a time we’ve gone through all this change. But if you look at just that particular item, it really is very telling as to what sort of has dragged down our returns of it. So we’ll have heavy focus there. And then I think we'll try to gain traction with some other initiatives that maybe we can get into full swing in the second half of -- our second half or towards end of ‘15 that will help us going into ‘16. So I expect continued improvement in our operating leverage.
Bill Carcache: Okay. So is it fair to say that your comments or your outlook, your goal of achieving positive operating leverage in 2015, that's something that you're targeting with regardless of whether the deal closes?
René Jones: Yeah. Yes definitely and in fact as I guess I'm thinking about it, I'm not thinking about the deal when I’m saying that.
Bill Carcache: Okay, that's great. Switching gears to margins, just setting aside the effects of excess liquidity that you are parking at the Fed and some of your comments around the LCR actions, could you help us understand what happens to your NIM if rates were to hold at current levels?
René Jones: That is the three to four, that is the three to four.
Bill Carcache: Okay.
René Jones: I tried to say it in a different way. I mean, I guess, if you would move the LCR out of the way and you use the forwards largely if you believe the forwards, you don’t have much compression just looking at the forwards through to the end of 2015. But our current pace has been three to four and to the extent that we don't see increase in rates that's where it will be.
Bill Carcache: Okay. That's great. And finally, the last one for me is on your effective tax rate. It was a little bit higher this quarter, anything noteworthy there? Can you talk about maybe what was behind that and where we should expect it to settle going forward?
René Jones: Yeah. It’s a great topic in the sense that we’ve got so few shares outstanding that our numbers are really sensitive. So it’s like a couple million buck. So no, you really can attribute to any one thing maybe in a period we have lower credits available. But on the whole, I don’t expect any significant change when you look at ‘14 versus ‘15.
Bill Carcache: Got it. Thanks, René. Appreciate it.
René Jones: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe of Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe: Great, good morning. René, could you just go back to the comments on CRE, or the CRE growth? I just want to reconcile the comments that you were making about competition and 10-year terms versus the very strong growth you guys had in the quarter?
René Jones: Yeah, I mean -- I guess the big thing that I could do is kind of talk about what we saw. So one of the things that I thought was really relatively interesting in particular as we sort of finished the year is that like this quarter, over the last 12 months, our loan growth has been comprised of 5% in the New York City Metro, Philadelphia and New Jersey area and 5% in upstate New York and essentially flat i.e. zero in Pennsylvania and in the sort of Baltimore, Washington area. And you know a lot of the -- there is a sort of a greater abundance, at lease, in our portfolio on the real estate side as you get down to the Washington area. And what we sort of seeing there is that that there appears to be sort of -- I don’t know if it’s an inflection point but there is abundance of office space. You got to remember that the sequestration stuff is still affecting the economy there and then in the defense sector. So it just seems like as we look back over the last 12 months that really the slower growth we’re being seeing there in total and in the real estate side has been affected by the economy whereas here in upstate New York, it's been stronger than it has been quite frankly in the last 30 years. And similar is true down in and around our metro region. Other than that, I mean, the commentary is very consistent across the board. So what you're seeing and we were able to get the growth, the billion dollars of growth that you saw in our loan book 6% while that’s just coming from our core customers. And when we’re winning, it's usually because we have some sort of long-term relationship advantage that allows us to sustain the deal that provide some benefit beyond pricing, particularly, when it comes to smaller community banks. So a lot of pressure that we’re seeing is coming from the smaller community banks but they just don't have the breadth of services. So if you’re getting a larger more mature client, we tend to have a bit of an advantage there.
Ken Zerbe: Got it. Then the growth, the loan growth outlook, I think it was 4% over the next year. Is that predominantly driven by commercial real estate or is that a little more balance between CRE and some of the other categories?
René Jones: No. I mean, I think it's very much the same as both across the board, maybe a little greater on the consumer side but it's a smaller portfolio.
Ken Zerbe: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
René Jones: Good morning, Erika.
Erika Najarian: Good morning. My first question is a follow-up on the margin. René, can you tell us how much of the deposit growth you experienced in the fourth quarter you expect to flow out, and sort of, and timing as well? And to that end, you would still have some excess deposits. Do you expect that to be funding your future HQLA purchases?
René Jones: Yeah. So roughly at the fed we had $9 billion in the quarter and at the end of the quarter it was already down to six. So three of the four rise was sort of off our balance sheet by the end of the year. So that gives you some sense of the normalization there.
Erika Najarian: And that would be it?
René Jones: It’s hard to say, depending on what the client needs are but my sense is that the year-end numbers are better number than what you saw during the quarter, that 5 billion or 6 billion is a better number. And then in terms of the LCR, we’ll be back into the market with unsecured fundings primarily. And we really never, even though the deposits that we’re talking about on the trust side, definitely qualifying the liquidity coverage ratio. We kind of in our internal view, sort of cap the amount that we use because of the uncertainty around the availability of those deposits. So most of the LCR purchase would be funded at the wholesale market.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And a follow-up question. We heard you loud and clear that you expect progress throughout 2015 on the 59% efficiency ratio, and heard you loud and clear on how you could do that on the expense side. I'm wondering if this the 59% -- the progress from 59% can happen even if nothing happens to the curve?
René Jones: I think, I said yes, I think, yes, we will continue. I just can’t tell you how much but that’s what our efforts will be to do. And quite frankly, the tougher the revenue environment is out there, the more time you actually have to focus internally on your operations. We've done it before so it tends to be something that we're pretty good at, so yes.
Erika Najarian: Thank you. That was clear. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bob Ramsey of FBR Capital Markets.
Bob Ramsey: Hey, good morning, René. I had just a couple questions about fee income. On the mortgage banking side, could you split what of the income was origination versus servicing in the quarter?
René Jones: Yes, I probably can. Give me a minute. Someone will do that, so you can hear all the shuffling of paper running around.
Bob Ramsey: Thanks. I know you had noticed that the uptake in service in year-over-year with the acquisition? Maybe while you dig that up I’ll ask another question about deposit fees. They were down I guess, quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year this quarter. I know there has been a lot of focus industry wide on deposit fees. Just curious, there was anything unusual this quarter or how you're thinking about the deposit fee growth in 2015, whether it will be flat or even possibly lower than ‘14?
René Jones: Yeah. We had some discussion about that. I mean, I personally think it was a little unusual. Last year they were down slightly but I think that was across the board in the industry with behavior changes but our volume of transactions was lower. We had some really nice -- very large storm in Buffalo but still with the year end and the holiday spend I was a little bit surprised about the nature of the decline. Having said that, it was both on the consumer and the commercial side. So I think we’ll have to wait and see what underlying customer behavior is. So we do this, I mean, I guess on the residential side, -- I’m getting all this. So I mean, roughly we had about $70 million of our mortgage banking income was on the retail side and another $23 million was on the commercial side and of the $70 million, about $56 was on servicing.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. Okay. That's helpful. And then if I circle back around, I know you were asked about capital a couple ways. I might not have caught it. I know you said that that M&T has a very low payout ratio relative to average? I was just curious if you were speaking about total payout or dividend and I think historically you all have always had sort of a below average dividend payout ratio, but in an ideal world when you do start to look to take the payout up? Could you just sort of remind us how you think about dividend payout and where you'd like it to be?
René Jones: Yeah. I mean, I think, first of all, actually, I was talking about the total payout ratio, when I look across the industry.
Bob Ramsey: Okay.
René Jones: And I think, you're right, we’ve always been historically lower. We think, we felt, always felt that was a more prudent decision and of course, we didn't cut the dividend. So it sort of hovered around 30%, which is not atypical for we've been. I think what is atypical is the long period of actually not having any sort of increase in that dividend. But as a general philosophy, I don't know that it's going to be very different. We think that it matters regardless sort of what the rules are currently that in order to have more flexibility, it probably makes sense. At a point in time when you’re distributing the normalized percentage of your earnings that making sure that a decent percentage of that or a large of that is in repurchases is probably where we would end up on the long run. I don’t know if that tells you much, Bob.
Bob Ramsey: So, I think it does. I think if I understand you correctly, the dividend payout is in the right ballpark, I mean, maybe there is a little bit of room, but it's in the right ballpark and really the opportunity when the time comes is to be more active on the repurchase front.
René Jones: Yeah. I think that’s right and I think, if you just don’t get yourself into the guidance space for a minute, outside what we typically would do in this new environment. I think, really what it says is that you got to, to the extent that there is there is no hard limit, but to the extent that you are over 30, you should be very, very comfortable with your risk management platform and your ability to monitor and to see risks, identify risks. And so a lot of the way we think about it is that over the last year and then in the coming year, we continue to make improvements. So we’ll talk a lot about that during the course of the year in those areas and I think that may end up giving us more flexibility as those new structures mature.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. Great. Thank you, René.
René Jones: Yeah. Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Hey. Good morning, René. Hey, René, coming back to the net interest income, just wondering so with the normalization of those trust deposits? Can you just help us understand what the starting point is for the NIM when you reset that or assume that the 3.10% is kind of not so much a low point, but lower than you'd expect to start the year with that normalization?
René Jones: Well, had the balances at the fed remained at $5 billion where they were in the previous quarter. The net interest margin would have been -- printed net interest margin would have been 13 basis points higher than the 3.10%, so 3.23%. And we've not gotten back, the whole $4 billion as of the end of the year. We got back three quarter of that, right. So you can pretty very much use those numbers to kind of figure it out.
Ken Usdin: Right. Okay. So then I just, I think, I'm trying to understand then, when you think about net interest income dollars, we have to think about the balance sheet likely to be smaller, but a higher starting point for the NIM and then you get the 3 to 4 core plus LCR?
René Jones: If there is no change in the rate environment, yes.
Ken Usdin: Okay.
René Jones: If there -- if the rate environment pans out like the forward curve say, you just get a total of probably something like 3 to 4 just for the LCR or some like that, right.
Ken Usdin: Right. So roughly speaking, no change, you get 6 to 8 and then you try to offset that with balance sheet growth? So, I guess, where brings it back to is like, off of the $2.7 billion of NII this year, do you think you can grow NII this year kind of like you were talking about on the fee side?
René Jones: It’s our job to try. But it’s a tough revenue environment.
Ken Usdin: Got it. Okay. And then on the cost side, René, just a similar question coming back to the, can you remind us just how much of the consulting costs are in the current $680 million?
René Jones: No. I don’t have that number and I think, the best place to get it is off of the -- where is it comes on the [190] [ph]?
Don MacLeod: Yeah. It will, components of that will be reflects in [190] [ph] when it comes out.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Because I think the question is just -- similar question, René, just on the cost side, you guys have been at the $680 million type level, plus or excluding the first quarter seasonal computation bump? And I think we're just trying to understand the moving parts between when you mentioned finally starting to rationalize some of that consulting cost versus the magnitude of those incremental investments? So can we finally start to see that other line start to net down or total expenses start to net down as that compliance -- as that consulting cost come -- starts to come in?
René Jones: Yeah. I think that’s exactly how we think about it, I am not giving you a number, a little less prepared than I should be, because at the same sort of number that’s it’s been out there for a long time that you can actually see in the regulatory reports. But that’s exactly how we think about it and as each of the phases of the work streams, sort of work themselves down, there's a lot of excess professional services that are no longer necessary because they are covered by the existing staffing base that you’ll see come down. And it might not be all of that because we are continuing to invest in technology, in some of those areas as well. But there should be a noticeable amount by the time we get towards the end of the year.
Ken Usdin: Got it.
René Jones: We haven’t seen it before that, but yes.
Ken Usdin: Understood. And the last point on that is, can you just give us an update just in general terms of where you are on those workstreams, in terms of the seven major kind of promises you have related to getting compliance and whatnot? Like, how many have we made through and are we at a point where you're actually now over the hump, so to speak?
René Jones: Yeah. I mean, generally, we would characterize ourselves as on track with every single workstream that we have. And I think probably one of the most meaningful things that’s out there is -- think about this is, as by the time we get ourselves to March 31st for the first quarter, we will have had implemented our new customer risk rating system and it will have actually been running and in effect for a full year. And so that's great because through the course of ‘14m as we’ve run that we've been able to get some of the, any kinks out of the system and feel really good that as we onboard new customers that we’ve got a good stable system to do that. So that I think is a real key milestone. I think we've got to -- we use the term remediate our existing customer base. We’ve got to do the entire customer base, 5 million accounts, 3.5 million households or 3.7 million households and we've gotten through the majority of the high-risk customers and we are on schedule with that work. And so no blips in sight there. And of course the remaining group of moderate and lows, we will get through over time right. But that will take some time but we are on track. Transaction review is well underway. And I think I started talking about probably in the third quarter of last year and on schedule for completion. And then we have -- really are pleased with the fact that we now have controls in monitoring and management reporting that is under -- is being operated in every single business unit. And that allows us to sort of escalate any customers’ issues that are there. So relative to where we were before, we have made substantial progress. The capabilities that we have today versus where we were, say two years ago are vastly different. And so we feel very, very good about that progress.
Ken Usdin: Thanks, René.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terry McEvoy of Sterne, Agee.
Terry McEvoy: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Out of the $11 billion of consumer loans, could you just remind us how much is auto? And could you provide possibly any commentary around competition and the ability for growth in that portfolio in’15?
René Jones: Yeah. So if you look at the portfolio, it's about just under $11 billion. And in terms of average balances, the biggest portfolio there is a home equity line of credit which is $5.8 billion and our auto portfolio is just under $2 billion and that's rounded out with the next biggest thing is sort of…
Don MacLeod: Primarily recreation finance.
René Jones: …yeah recreation finance and other loans, other personal loans that are about $3 billion. So, I mean, I think with the consumer loans, those things tend to move in a very predictable pattern. We've seen pretty steady growth over the quarter so if you look for example, we said 7% over this past quarter. It was 7% year-over-year in terms of the fourth quarter, over fourth quarter. So, I would expect that to continue at that pace and maybe actually be slightly higher based on what we are seeing with the trends. We are not changing our credit profile in that space relatively conservatives.
Terry McEvoy: And then just as a follow-up. This morning, I took a look at the presentation you used in Boston last November and it mentioned stronger competition from bank and unregulated bank lenders. Could you talk about where the unregulated bank lenders are showing up? Has there been any impact so far and what has been your response? And then are any of the initiatives that we are seeing in the expense line, will they make M&T more competitive going forward?
René Jones: Remember that second question. We are seeing it mostly in Commercial Real Estate. So you get life companies that have been in the game for quite some time now looking for yield and that’s made things pretty competitive. You’ve also had conduits back in that space. And then the thing that's little different this cycle is obviously you’ve got non-bank lenders in the form of private equity. And I think in particular spaces like leverage lending and some spaces like that where the regulation has been tightened up and there is higher scrutiny. Also different capital rules, I think, a number of private equity firms have decided to sort of offer their own credit. And as I mentioned before, we see that also because in Wilmington, we may provide the trustee services for those businesses. So that's one place where we've actually seen quite a bit of activity. What’s interestingly enough, that actually is a trend here in the U.S., but it's also a trend overseas in London, you are seeing the same types of activity. I think it's all driven by the higher forms of regulation. And then second part of your question was about whether we had any advantage from the work that we're doing. You want to ask that again? Did I get that right?
Terry McEvoy: That is correct. You're investing a lot. We see it in the expense line. And where is the upside as it relates to the competitive landscape that you just talk about, if any?
René Jones: Yeah. I mean, I think, look, if I look at what we’re doing and I just, I look at clearly BSA/AML program, clearly the risk management and compliance updates and then definitely on the technology side as well, every one of those investments is a leverageable investment. And so one of the reasons why we -- or a number of reasons, but one of the reasons why we were so focused on doing this fast is because to the extent that you get behind you, you can sort of begin to participate, mature those things right and then use them as you grow the institution. So I can’t give you timing, but clearly we think of all of those investments and the investments that we will make in 2015 and that like. I think that’s really important.
Terry McEvoy: Thank you.
Operator: One final question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Hi, René.
René Jones: Hi, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: I apologize. I've been jumping on and off your call. But obviously, your Basel III Tier 1 common ratio is very strong today at about 9.6%, well above the required numbers a bank your size needs to have, about 7%. Recognizing you've got to carry more than that because of CCAR, looking longer-term, when you go through CCAR you guys come out real well. Where do you want to manage that number to in terms of once you get the Hudson City deal closed and you guys are back on a normal track?
René Jones: Yeah. I think, I sort of implied that in my comments earlier Gerard. I think the way I think about it is this is a process, right, and it’s a process because we’re going through a period of great change. So we took our efforts. We didn't issue shares during the crisis. We then built our capital up organically to where it is today. We made our investments our different platforms, particularly in the CCAR and risk management. We fared well in the CCAR test, right. And then as we kind of go into this test, it’s an evolution. So my sense is that from a pure capital perspective, you see in a test there is not a need given our risk profile to have higher capital levels. But I think the rest of that process is to make sure that our risk management process is to sort of keep monitoring that are very, very sustainable. That’s the sort of phase we’re in now. And then as we kind of check that box, I think our job is to get back to normal distributions and get the capital out there back to the investors. I think that issue becomes exacerbated were we to consummate the Hudson city deal, because it essentially is a portfolio that under us would be much, much smaller, right, which then suggests it throws off a lot of equity and the only way you create value is to get that excess equity back to the shareholders over time.
Gerard Cassidy: I'm sorry. Go ahead.
René Jones: No, you go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: No, because my thought was bringing the capital ratios down for you and many of your peers, they seem to be so high and the ROEs for everybody are pretty weak. And so to get these stated ROEs back up to 12%, 13%, the Es need to come down. And I didn't know if longer term you guys would be comfortable with an 8.5% Tier 1 common ratio or is that just too low? And then as an add-on to that, there is some talk about raising the asset size of CCAR banks. And if those asset sizes are raised to a level well above yours, assuming the Hudson City deal closes again, would you consider even a lower ratio? Because you guys historically manage your capital so well, now it seems like you've got so much extra capital.
René Jones: I don't think we’re thinking about it that way right now, Gerard. I think that -- I don't think capital levels -- I wouldn’t think about capital levels coming down from where they are today. I think that they are healthy, but they're probably for the industry where they were continued to be. When I look beyond that and I look into our portfolio and earlier I made some comments about sort of about return on tangible assets. We typically are in the top quartile of our peer groups and we’re not right. And so I see a fair amount of opportunity in trying to, now that we’re under all the new rules and under all the new processes trying to figure out how to do them more efficiently and to optimize the spending that we've had in this big period of investment. And so really what I'm thinking about is making sure that we can take that return on tangible assets and move it back into sort of number the top three positions amongst our peers. And I think we see ways to do that, and so that's about focusing our operations. I think over the course of the next couple of submissions two things will happen. One, we will get to a much more normalized payout ratio, because you will gone through the test and you will have a lot of evidence that suggests that not only on your models but under the national models, people have a good sense of what your profile is. Down that road, I mean the way you would end up releasing capital from where you are today is probably you would have to show that you're having lower and lower risk profile under stress and that may happen. But that's really not a topic that I think is out there today.
Gerard Cassidy: I appreciate the color. Thank you.
René Jones: Sure.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I will now turn the call to Don MacLeod for any additional or closing remarks.
Don MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, if clarification of any of the items on the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations Department at 716-842-5138. Thank you, and good bye.
Operator: Thank you for participating in M&T Bank's fourth quarter 2014 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-17 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to M&T Bank’s Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all lines have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) It is now pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Don MacLeod to begin, please go ahead sir.
Donald J. MacLeod: Thank you, Maria, and good morning. This is Don MacLeod. I'd like to thank everybody for participating in M&T's third quarter 2014 earnings conference call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website, www.mtb.com, and by clicking on the Investor Relations link. Also, before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on Forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now I would like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, René Jones.
René F. Jones: Thank you Don, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. As I noted in this morning’s press release our third quarter performance was marked by relatively subdued revenue trends with modest growth in average loans and a slight decline in fee income coming off a strong second quarter. That said, credit continued to trend positively. We’re also pleased with our continued progress on our BSA/AML compliance, risk management and capital planning initiatives, the progress we made during the quarter. And while maintaining that progress has meant a continuation of an elevated level of operating expenses we firmly believe that those investments will position us well for the future. As we usually do, I’ll start by reviewing a few of the highlights from M&T's third quarter results after which Don and I will be happy to take your questions. Going to the specific numbers, diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $1.91 for the third quarter of 2014, compared with $1.98 in the second quarter and $2.11 in the third quarter of 2013. Net income for the recent period was $275 million, compared with $284 million in the prior quarter. Net income was $294 million in the year ago quarter. There were no noteworthy items impacting M&T's third quarter result. Results for last year's third quarter were benefited by $34 million of after tax securities gains which amounted to $0.26 per share. Since 1998 M&T has consistently provided supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis, from which we exclude the after-tax effect of amortization of intangible assets as well as expenses and gains associated with mergers and acquisitions when they occur. After-tax expense from the amortization of intangible assets was $5 million or $0.03 per common share in the recent quarter compared with $6 million and $0.04 per share in the prior quarter. M&T's net operating income for the third quarter, which excludes intangible amortization, was $280 million compared with $290 million in the linked quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $1.94 for the recent quarter compared with $2.02 in the linked quarter. Net operating income yielded annualized rates of return on average tangible asset and average tangible common shareholders’ equity of 1.24% and 13.8% for the recent quarter. The comparable returns were 1.35% and 14.92% in the second quarter of 2014. In accordance with SEC guidelines, this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results including tangible assets and equity. Turning to the balance sheet and the income statement, taxable equivalent net interest income was $675 million for the third quarter of 2014, unchanged from the linked quarter. The net interest margin was 3.23% during the quarter, down 17 basis points, compared with 3.40% in the second quarter. The margin compression was driven by the following components. We continue to build out our liquid asset buffer earlier in the quarter prior to the adoption of the final LCR rule and the delay of its implementation for banks like M&T until 2016. We purchased $1.7 billion of securities during the quarter funded by $1.7 billion of bank notes issued in late July. We estimate the impact from those actions combined with the full quarter effect from our actions in the second quarter reduce the margin by about 6 basis points. During the quarter we had a further increase in deposits from our institutional trust business and which we held at the Federal Reserve. On an average basis interest bearing deposits with banks including the Fed was some $1 billion higher in the third quarter than in the second quarter and we estimate that this further elevation of excess funds diluted the margin by 3 basis points as compared to the last quarter. The end of period balance for interest bearing deposits with banks was higher than the average for the quarter indicating further negative impact on the margin in the fourth quarter, but a slight positive impact on net interest income. The additional accrual day in the quarter contributed to 1 basis point to the compression. The remainder of the margin compression is attributable to the impact of new loans coming on at rates lower than those maturing as well as the lower impact from ancillary items such as interest from the repayment of non-accrual loans and recapture of deferred loan fees which in aggregate were somewhat lower than we would typically expect. Our outlook for future core margin compression is about 4 basis points per quarter. Average loans increased by $420 million or 3% annualized compared with the prior quarter. On that same basis average commercial and industrial loans were down on an annualized 2% reflecting the usual seasonal contraction of loans to auto dealers to finance the inventories. Average commercial real estate loans increased by about 5% annualized reflecting an improvement from the sluggish growth in the first half of the year. The improvement was driven by both a higher level of originations as well as lower pay downs on existing loans. Our residential mortgage loan volumes declined an annualized 5% reflecting the natural pace of principal amortization of the portfolio that the held for sale pipeline was flat. And average consumer loans grew an annualized 10% reflecting growth in indirect auto and recreation finance loans. Overall end of period loans grew 5% annualized as softness in July and August was overcome by stronger results in September. We will expect the seasonal recovery in floor plan activity to be a tailwind in the fourth quarter. Average core customer deposits, which exclude deposits received at M&T's Cayman Islands office and CDs over $250,000, increased an annualized 7% from the second quarter, reflecting the elevated level of trust deposits I referenced earlier. Turning to non interest income, non interest income totaled $451 million in the third quarter compared with $456 million in the prior quarter. There were no securities gains or losses in either period. Mortgage banking revenues were $94 million in the third quarter compared with $96 million in the prior quarter, lower revenues associated with loans sales activities were partially offset by $4 million increase in servicing income. Commitments to originate residential mortgage loans for sale declined by about 3% while the gain on sale margins was effectively unchanged. The pipeline for mortgage loan applications was down at the end of the quarter. Fee income from deposit service charges provided were $110 million during the third quarter compared with $107 million in the linked quarter reflecting higher levels of customer activity. Trust and investment revenues which include fees from wealth management and institutional trust services were $129 million compared with $130 million in the prior quarter; a $4 million decline in seasonal tax preparation fees from the second quarter was mostly offset by new business. Credit related fees which are included in other revenues from operations were impacted by the soft lending environment early in the quarter and were down by $5 million from what was a comparatively strong second quarter. Turing to expenses, operating expenses for the third quarter which excluded expenses from the amortization of intangible assets were $672 million unchanged from the prior quarter. Salary and benefits were $349 million up $9 million from $340 million in the second quarter, about $5 million of the increase came from one additional compensation day in the quarter. The remainder of the increase related to higher BSA/AML staffing as well as higher incentive compensation. Other cost of operation declined by $7 million from the previous quarter. Legal expenses decline from the second quarter which included $12 million addition to the litigation reserve, professional services including outside consultants were flat quarter-over-quarter. The efficiency ratio, which excludes intangible amortization 59.7% for the third quarter compared with 59.4% in the prior quarter. The next list, turn to credit. Credit quality remained strong and in line with our expectations. Nonaccrual loans declined further from the end of the second quarter, that ratio of nonaccrual loans to total loans declined by 7 basis points to 1.29% as of the end of the third quarter. Net charge-offs for the third quarter were $28 million, $1 million lower than in the second quarter and annualized net charge-offs, as a percent of total loans, were 17 basis points for the third quarter improved slightly from 18 basis points in the previous quarter. The revision for credit losses was $29 million for the recent quarter, and the allowance for credit losses was $919 million amounting to 1.40% of the total loans as of end of September. The loan loss allowance as of September 30 was 7.7 times year-to-date annualized net charge-offs. Loans 90 days past due, on which we continued to accrue interest excluding acquired loans that had been marked to fair value at the acquisition, were $313 million at the end of the recent quarter. Of these, $265 million or 85% are guaranteed by government-related entities. Turning to capital, M&T's Tier 1 common capital ratio was an estimated 9.77% at the end of September, up 14 basis points from 9.64% at the end of the June. Our estimated common Tier 1 ratio under the recently adopted Basel III capital rules is approximately 9.52%. Turning to the outlook, as is our usual practice we will update you on our outlook for 2015 on the January call. However we have a limited number of observations regarding the reminder of 2014 while our view of loan growth is largely unchanged, lending environment remains very difficult particularly on the commercial side. Where we primarily had been seeing pressure on rates and spreads, we are also now beginning to see further relaxation of structures including longer loan tenures, lower cap rates, and a limited or non- recourse and personal guarantees all of which tends to keep us on the side line. We were pleased with our progress for the plans during the quarter with the rules for implementation of liquidity coverage ratio now finalized we will be opportunistic in completing any remaining build out of our liquid asset buffer before the end of 2015. We expect continued core margin pressure of about 4 basis points as we enter into the fourth quarter and addition to full quarter impact of the actions we took in the third quarter towards the LCR compliance combined with higher end of period trust deposits held at the Fed will further reduce the margin but not net interest income. We remain focused closely on investing in our infrastructure with an eye toward improving our efficiency ratio in the longer term once the pace of those investments begin to trend downward. Since early in 2013, M&T has been working due diligently to address the concern identified by the Federal Reserve with regard to a M&T BSA/AML and other compliance initiatives and we are very much on track with the expenditure trajectory that we outlined for you back in January of this year and that elevated spending has produced good results. We have made significant progress in-lined with the plans and milestones that we set for ourselves. Of course as you are aware of our projections are subject to a number of uncertainties, various assumptions regarding national, regional economic, growth changes in interest rates, political events, another micro economic factors which made different materially from what actually unfolds in the future. Now let's open the call to question before which Maria will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instruction] Our first question comes from the line of Brian Klock of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Brian Klock: Good morning Don. René I guess, can you let us know I guess what are the milestones that you’ve hit so far with BSA and AML and what are sort of the next big milestones that you have on the checklist?
René F. Jones: I mean, I think the way I think about it in terms of the BSA/AML I mean there is a number of things that we have been able to achieve and as I said I think we are sort of on track with the commitments we have made. But to run through them you know first on the list was improving M&T's risk governance, our infrastructure, and then all of the training associated with our frontline employees. Second was that we build a comprehensive risk rating model to better identify potential money laundering risk and that's been up and running since this spring and so there has been several months to kind of work the kinks out of there and show how that's working for all the new customers that we have on-boarded since those dates. Third we have sort of begun a bank wide effort to update our customer information to better understand our customers and how they plan to use the product and services and we have made substantial progress there. Of course that has been going on for almost a year now, maybe just over a year. We have made some substantial progress there. Fourth was we improved our process for monitoring and reporting suspicious activity reporting and then finally we have sort of implemented a review by a third party to sort of determine whether certain transactions undertaken in the past by our customers were properly identified and reported and of course that's ongoing. So the way I would characterize it is that we really have made a lot of progress. We feel that we are on track with all the requirements that were outlined in the written agreement that and the plans that we conveyed to our regulators but having said that of course as is typical for these types of things, they take a long time and there is a fair amount of work that obviously would go on beyond the end of 2014 and 2015 to meet the full requirements but at the same time, we believe our progress to date has been substantial.
Brian Klock: Great. Thanks for that and I guess thinking about what you need to do going forward and what's been done I think it mean in order to sort of talk with the Fed and say here we have made substantial compliance and for the Fed to say we can approve this Hudson City merger or not even other written agreement maybe something that required some more test work, maybe the third-party review something that they would need to see in order to do that or what are the other things that would – the Fed would need to see and I guess in your opinion to move things along with the Hudson City merger?
Donald J. MacLeod: So, Hudson city. So let me start out Brian, I know it's not your question but I have to start out by saying that how saddened we were by Ron's passing. He was very, very close to us. He was a good friend with lot of roots in Western New York and lot in common with us as is true of the existing management team at Hudson city. So I think that we are going to miss him greatly as well others I think. But I mentioned that because as we think about what we did back last January, M&T and Hudson City mutually agreed to extend that period in which either party could sort of walk away from the transaction without a penalty and we did that extension all the way out to December 31 of this year and in doing that, what we were attempting to do by providing that sort of 12 month window in the discussions that we had between M&T and Hudson City was to ensure that we could provide enough time to show that we could make this substantial progress that we are talking about, that we’ve talked about today. And we also wanted to in addition to be able to show our commitment and we also though included in that thought process was that we needed to provide enough time for the various regulators to come in and take a look at what was being done and to also at that point in time, consider whether M&T was in the right condition to be able to proceed with any sort of transaction. So all we can really say is that there is nothing sort of in the timeline that we kind of that has surprised us. We think we’ve met all our milestones in that process and at the point where we are sitting here today I guess we sort of always envisioned that we were going to be – there was very – we still wouldn't be able on the October call to be able to provide any clarity other than the fact that whether or not we have done what we tried to do and we have done that. And so I think what has to happen is you just have to let that process take its course and give the regulators time to make their assessments and do what they feel is appropriate thing to do. But we feel good about the work we have done. That's sort of the best I can share with you.
Brian Klock: Great. That’s is very helpful. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sameer Gokhale of Janney Capital Markets.
Sameer Gokhale: Thank you. Rene you talked about mortgage banking revenues and some of the items that flow through again this quarter. If you would just help clarify I mean you look at the sequential comparison certainly I think you have talked about the $4 million in servicing income I think that was incremental compared to last quarter, but I thought last quarter’s mortgage banking revenues were elevated because you had gains on the sale of three portfolios of performing loan and still when we look at Q2 to Q3, level of mortgage banking revenue is relatively flat and it looks like the servicing only contributed an incremental $4 million. So were there any other items that also kept the level of mortgage banking revenues elevated, you mentioned a few of them if you could just help clarify that would be great?
René F. Jones: I think – I am just looking for the numbers. I don’t have that on my finger tips but I mean off the top of my head, one of the things I would say is that commercial held up very nicely in the quarter. Let me see if I can just grab a number on the commercial gain on sales. Yes, the commercial business which Fannie and Freddie business was up $2 million, but other than that no I think what was interesting is that the volume was probably little stronger than I thought it would be and that sort of offset the decline that I was also probably expecting on a linked quarter basis. And having said that’s sort of why I mentioned the applications, applications were down a bit about 9% in our pipeline which is really consisting of applications that haven’t made all the way through the processes, was down about 18%. So I do think there is still little bit of downward pressure that we would be logical to see as we move into the fourth quarter but no it held up pretty well and it was real core business.
Sameer Gokhale: Okay. That is helpful insight. And the other question was I know you talked about this again in your prepared comments but if could just help me understand the flow of funds in terms of the interest bearing deposits, it sounds like you had some institutional trust money that came through and so your deposits grew sequentially and that money was deposited with the Federal Reserve and can you just help me understand how that tends to work again is that drawn short notice and then you again have to withdraw those funds out from where you deposited them I mean just the flow of the funds would be helpful and how that particularly works?
René F. Jones: Yes. So the larger size deposits that we have been taking as I mentioned relate to our institutional trust business and then in many cases we are serving as escrow agents and then – in the case of this quarter, a number of folks who were doing M&A transactions have deposited money with us that we hold until those transactions go through approval in some cases that's the various regulators, the justice department and so forth. At times we have those types of transactions due to our trust duties which tend to be relatively short term. In this case they were little longer as much as six months because of the nature of those transactions. And so given where we are now where we have got more deposits because of the – quite frankly us but also the industry has just flushed with the excess liquidity that exists nationally there is no really use for that. We put it aside and it goes into the Fed and we earn interest income but it tends to dampen a bit of our tangible ratio and it of course dampens the printed net interest margin. So it's just service that we provide for our good, strong trust customers.
Sameer Gokhale: Okay. That's very helpful and just my last question was touching, going to touch on the floor plan commentary and lending dealer floor plan lending and I think you had suggested that seasonally balance tend to be lower in Q3 and you see seasonal increase again in Q4. And what I was wondering is when you look at this business, what do you see when you hear about lot of optimism that dealers tend to have and it certainly seems like floor plan lenders aren’t concerned and I was curious because you tend to underwrite conservatively if you had any changes to your underwriting standards or lending criteria as far as floor plan lending goes, especially like some of the concerns about auto lending really across the board. So if you could address that that would be helpful? Thank you.
René F. Jones: Yes. Sure. Sure. I will start with the little bit of history. So we entered the auto was in 1950 and if I can remember, Don you might have to help me out but the first time we lost the dollars through charge outs was in maybe 2005, it was before the down turn in the economy and at that point in time, what I think was changing was structural thing in the industry where for the previous 50 years what would happen is floor plan there was a lot of support by the manufacturers. So somebody got into trouble, they would take them out. And they stopped taking them out as course of the manufacturers got into their own problems of course and frankly before the crisis started but we went through a pretty exhausted process at that time and the thing that we sort of concluded throughout our footprint was that there was a lot of difficulty with anybody who had a single flag and so if you were unable to have multiple brands it was going to be much more difficult to do. So we went through a pretty exhausted process in 2005 and 2006 which positioned us relatively well. Then during the crisis, what you saw was a massive amount of consolidation in that process. So you are actually dealing I believe with a significantly lower volume of dealerships who are much, much stronger than they ever were in the past. And that's how you are entering the process. So then today they are benefiting because car sales are going up nationally and my sense although I haven’t looked at it recently, but I would suggest those guys are probably stronger than they ever have been in the past because they are not really depended upon sort of this big brother backing that existed for the sort of – for the early years, early goal, so as I have talked to customers during that space and the RMs that deal with them, things look pretty good. The underwriting damage have not diminished significantly there. It's competitive like any other place. But quite frankly, in that space for us our relationships are really long. It's not like we are picking up a lot of new dealerships. I don't know that there are a lot of new dealerships. These are people we have done business with for quite some time. That's what I can tell you.
Sameer Gokhale: Okay. That's very helpful color. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bob Ramsey of FBR.
Bob Ramsey: Hi! Good morning everyone. I wanted to touch this a little bit more on Hudson city and sort of how we think about the milestones from here. I know you said you have sort of done what you expected to do in terms of hitting milestones and targets. Does that mean you all still hope to be able to close the deal by year end and were you all announced when the Fed sort of restarts the application review process?
René F. Jones: Well I think, I think, – I guess the way I think about it is I will stuck them at high level, I mean I talked to Don every week and other parties, talk to each other quite frequently. So we are both very, very committed to the transaction, all the economics are still there and it's an interesting thing that when you have this longer period to watch the portfolio that you are going to merge with, it gives you a significant amount of comfort above and beyond what typically, typically this takes in a lot faster pace. But having said that, I mean all we are doing is working really hard. We are providing external folks like the regulators and everything they need to access our position. And we are just letting it play out. I don't think quite frankly enough time is passed for us to be able to answer your question on that. Having said that I mean as soon as we are to hear something in any direction it would be our responsibility to talk to you guys about it and to mention it.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. No that’s helpful. And I mean it sounds like maybe the deadline is more formality than anything else and did all party seem committed and you guys continue move forward and do everything and it – I mean it doesn't sound like it's hard to stop. Is that fair?
René F. Jones: Define hard to stop.
Bob Ramsey: As if December 31, has come and the deal has not been approved as if it would online somehow.
René F. Jones: Well, it's been a long dance and we all still like each other. And quite frankly I have to say I mean what I feel bad about it, it's not difficult M&T to put somebody through a process like that. So I think our relationship is strong and we will have to see what happens.
Bob Ramsey: Fair enough. Fair enough. Shifting topics a little bit I know you pointed 4 basis points of margin compression sort of expectation heading into the fourth quarter, given where rates are today as you all look forward is that a good pace on sort of go forward basis through the foreseeable future until rates move higher or do you think that the pace of compression diminishes as we head through 2015?
René F. Jones: No. It's funny because this is the first quarter we look basis points by basis points of what’s going on in the margin. This is the first quarter where we seem to be above our 2% to 3% about 4% compression. So, my sense is that's not going to go away. There is too much competitive pressure and too much pricing pressure out there for that to happen. When I look back, I mean I am pretty excited about the fact that our net interest margin this quarter versus – I am sorry, net interest income this quarter versus last year declined by $4 million bucks. So it's almost – just basically flat. And so I think that's been our trade off of trying to figure out how in terms of getting the right volume and serve our customer base, but do so in a way that doesn't result in too much margin compression. So I feel like I did almost the decade ago where we were saying look if you are going to see large growth in volume, you are going to see margin compression. And so my sense is that we didn’t change our outlook because that sort of mid single digit 5% growth is probably what's reasonable and if we stay there I think margin compression probably stays where it is. I don't see it getting less.
Bob Ramsey: Fair. And would the thought process be there that you can continue to sort of hold the net interest income I mean if margin goes down or any asset go up and flattish on the net interest income line?
René F. Jones: I don't know I mean it's not like when I look at my volume that we are not getting decent spreads and we are – we are getting decent spreads, we are getting decent returns, we measure economic problems. So, all the volume that we did which was about $2.2 billion of new commitments that went through our senior loan committee was done at very strong economic profits. So that's kind of the way I think about it. I guess the other thing I would say Bob is that I don't think you see a change in the competitive environment until some of the liquidity is taken out of the system. It's just too much money, everybody is available, everybody is healthy. In some cases, probably some of the regions where have seen most competition, one of the most interesting observations that was made in preparing for the call by one of some of our relationship managers involved in was that we had a number of credits actually that were in our catalog that were taken out. And that always kind of gives you some interesting sense of how competitive it is but it's not as if the revenue go trends or devoid from what's happening on the credit side. And my sense is that this will be one of those times where things will be slower and revenue goes tight as they always are and my job is sort of maintain our discipline so that we do well in the next cycle.
Bob Ramsey: Great. And then last question around the margin hop out, but did I understand you correctly that it's sort of 4 basis points sort of core compression and then the liquidity which doesn't have the same impact on the interest rate as the liquidity could actually drive a little more compression on top of that or was the 4 all end including the liquidity expectation?
René F. Jones: No, the four was on its own and then the liquidity impact would be further compression and the reason I have been talking about it that way is because at least today in this year that liquidity has added a little bit to net interest income as we look to 2015 I have got to re assess whether the remainder of what we do on liquidity coverage ratio is neutral or negative or at where it is and I think I might change the way I talk about. Right now that's the best way for you to understand sort of what’s going to happen with the dollars of revenue.
Bob Ramsey: Got it. Very helpful. Thank you Rene.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Hey Rene. How are you doing? Rene can I ask you a couple of questions on the expense side you mentioned all the progress you have been making with the compliance side, pieces we are still obviously seeing an increase on the salary side and but yet we start to see a little bit of decrease on the other expense side. Can you walk us through where you are in that hiring and consulting spend, we are still escalating from here, have we peeked or we actually turned the corner?
René F. Jones: I kind of feel like we are at the top end as it relates to hiring for BSA/AML as I look at the projection I mean we were I think last call I said we had done – we had like 571 or 572 individuals. That number this quarter is 613, but as I look at the projection I think we are fully staffed in my mind and on the professional services as you saw that didn’t change. I mean that was you know it was exactly the same numbers it was last quarter and I think that's going to – I know that that’s going to stay around for a little while longer because we have got work and volume to get through particularly on the fact that we got to get through the customer information and we use the term remediation, but really getting customer information on all of our customers. So not just the high risk ones we then we got to get on the medium risk and the lower risk customers. So I have all got to go through sort of refresh of information. So I think that will be around for a little bit before we begin to see a taper off.
Ken Usdin: So, are we on that point about the professional services, I’m not sure where exactly we see that the other line was down about $7 million from $240 million to $233 million but in that you are saying that those kind of consulting cost have been stable within that?
René F. Jones: Yes it's in there. I am going to, Don tell me if I’m not, I think we spent around $102 million on professional services and it’s in that same line but then what you are seeing is you are seeing that the litigation reserve, you need another one so and really the expenses that we are placing that we are on the salary side with the extra day and then some hires.
Ken Usdin: Okay. So you are kind of saying on net and then do you have an understanding of just when that would start to roll like as we – I hear your point about we will kind of see it hang around for a while but as you get into some point next year, do you have a line of sight in terms of when we can finally actually see that trend down or do you anticipate these type of level carrying through all the 2015?
René F. Jones: Well, as we hit each of the milestones which we have done lot of them, you are not going to need the level of external services and labor that we are doing today and I kind of talked about the idea that we are going to see this happen sort of through this year and that would sort of position us well as we get in 2015. So my sense is that as we are now sort of fully staffed with full time internal people, and as the work starts to get to completion, various completion stages, you will need less and less of external labor. We just have to tie in to ramp up the internal people and get fully qualified internal people. It was going to take too long for us to have made the significant progress that we wanted to make in the past 12 months. So we used the lot of external people to supplement in the internal.
Ken Usdin: Okay. I got it. Thanks Rene.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerard S. Cassidy of RBC Capital Market.
Gerard S. Cassidy: Good morning. I’ve technical question regarding the Hudson city deal, do you officially have to reapply to the Federal Reserve to get that deal done?
René F. Jones: I mean we had our same application that has been outstanding for the period and obviously this thing that you would need to do as balance sheet change and circumstances change. You got to make sure that constantly you always have the right up-to-date current information available to the Fed. That's I mean pretty straight forward.
Gerard S. Cassidy: How about again just on a technical basis here, what pace that application that's sitting at the Fed to the meeting that they will have at some day in the future to vote to approve or disapprove? What's the catalyst that puts it in front of them on the agenda to vote?
René F. Jones: All I can say is from my years of experience on – you basically when you have an application and there are number of steps, some of the most important steps are making sure that each institution from a supervisory perspective there is a very strong understanding of where those institutions are from a supervisory perspective and that's sort of the standard protocol that goes on in I think almost written in is BSA/AML and that's why we are sort of in this situation. So the supervisory teams have to do a full assessment and make sure they understand where you are and then everything else is relatively standard in an application process. So we are really focused on particularly making sure that we all get a clear picture of where both firms are from a supervisory perspective.
Gerard S. Cassidy: Okay. I know this has probably putting the carpet for the horse but from the sounds of what you have done for BSA/AML the amount of money you have invested, the people and so on, you are probably going to be defined as best in class by the regulators after this process is completed. If you agree with that does that give you an advantage in a year or two should acquisition activity pick up again of sizable banks that you may be able to convince the potential seller that you can get the deal done to spend all – invest all the money into BSA/AML?
René F. Jones: No. No. look I think actually – couple of things are – I will restate a couple of things. We know what happens this fall we are not done with the work that we need to do. We are under a written agreement. It will take a long time to get out from that written agreement and what we are dealing with today in terms of the topic you are talking about is this really a unique and special circumstance. Our focus is really on continuing to build up that infrastructure and I can't – I mean, I think you can get this from other institutions as well but I can't express to you the amount of change that has gone on in the regulatory environment in particular as I look forward around information, information management structure of the data, and that is stuff that we will continue to make investments on to make sure that we sort of have this – sort of renewed focus on our restructure and our capabilities to manage risk. And my sense is that when we are done, we will look a lot different than we looked five years ago and we looked three years ago. And so I don't think that anywhere in our discussion is M&A and all that kind of stuff. We are very focused on the topic on hand and I think what we are dealing with right now is unique. We have got lot of work to do to demonstrate that we can sort of maintain our restructure.
Gerard S. Cassidy: Turning back to more on a day-to-day business side, you talked about some of the underwriting standards now are being stretched. Two part question. Could you compare this period of underwriting to a prior period when you looked back over the last ten years what would be the similar time period would you say and second is there any geographies that you are finding it more intense as you mentioned New York versus Baltimore versus Upstate New York tougher?
René F. Jones: Yes. So okay. So what's similar now to say 2004 would be the amount of liquidity in the system enhanced by the Fed that there is no capital in the system as well. And that's similar. I mean if you remember when we were talking about then we are talking about the fact that it was really easy to raise money for hedge fund because everybody had all this excess cash that they couldn't find anywhere to invest because rights were low. That feels identical. I think what’s a little different though is sort of when I look at the underlying economies that we serve I don't think it's clear that those economies are as strong. So when I flip through the largest credits in our non-performing book I do not see one area. I see cuts across whether it would be people that are in the refining business, manufacturing business, baked goods, where you can run – I just did this yesterday, you run down its cuts across the economy so I don't think that there is as much underlying economic strength as we probably felt when we were back at that time. The good news is that what we are hearing is that sort of several of our regions are suggesting that the actual – there is a slowly improving underlying economic condition and we are hearing that almost across each of the footprint. The down side is for us is that people are stretching on terms, they are stretching on particular stuff deal structures and the one of that strikes me the most is that when we are stretching out going past ten years, or going out to ten years in terms of term structure. And particularly if you think about the idea that there is huge amounts of liquidity in the system, indirectly that means that asset prices are very, very high. And if that liquidity were to not be around, you start to wonder about looking at deals with the ten year structure and really whether they can sustain those higher rates and so forth. Upstate New York has been a wonderful place to be back then when they used to ask me well all your growth must be coming out of Baltimore because there is nothing going on in Buffalo, that is not true. That's a more stronger growth. We saw like 6% growth linked quarter annualized linked quarter there and in the New York city metropolitan area we saw 9% growth but as you get down to Baltimore that was very competitive. And so was Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania is talking about the economy improving in the lot of different places but that the lending available is pretty in terms of place that’s sort of outside of our capabilities. To give you a sense we had one transaction which we lost which is an existing customer. It was priced at LIBOR plus 70 basis points and it was 15 year commitment which will be so far under water even before you consider the expenses in the efforts of the RM this doesn't make sense. So some days are similar, I think but that's the best I think I can tell you. We are watching it very closely though.
Gerard S. Cassidy: Just final question regarding your comment about reviewing your non-performing credit shift across the broad swap of the economy, would you say that those credits have been on the list for a fair amount of time or is that you are seeing this broad swap of new non-performers that maybe changing from what you just said from the guys in the field same thing seem to be getting better. Are these credits have just been sitting there and you’ve been working on for 12 or 18 months to try to get them into performing standards?
René F. Jones: Last year I would have said we have seen a lot of term new stuff going in, old stuff going out. This year I think we are seeing improvements. So the credits are they are – and quite frankly, the majority of them are actually paying. So we are receiving interests payments under the terms, it's just that they weren’t in the original terms. And then a small subset but it's always sort of helpful to kind of look at where they sit. And again a couple of years back, obviously they would have been for us in residential development and that stuff from – in those portfolios but now it's more evenly spread across the various economy.
Gerard S. Cassidy: Thank you. I appreciate all the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Elliott of Autonomous Research.
Jeffrey Elliott: On the liquidity coverage ratio, what you sound on that now?
René F. Jones: Well, we made a lot of progress essentially what's difficult about the talking about the ratio is that if you were looking at balance sheet for the rules and get through all that, I mean we are pretty much there but we tend to take maybe a little bit more of a conservative view. We throw out the cash, large cash balances and those things and I think we are sort of what I would characterize is as we do that more conservative view we are in striking distance. I think we are doing that with basically five more quarters to go. The only reason we haven’t really closed that out is because we have some time to be opportunistic about the types of paper we are buying and to do that maybe over little longer period. But that's the best way I can characterize it.
Jeffrey Elliott: When you say you are pretty much there on the phase in 90% throughout the –
René F. Jones: Yes that's the way to think about it. The phase in 90% the estimate and the proposal was 80, that's now been moved out a year and moved to 90. So we are all in striking distance of all that where we intend to be and again that's we are taking a very conservative view. We are not counting large amounts, large amounts of the cash that we have sitting on for institutional type things and so forth.
Jeffrey Elliott: Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of David Darst of Guggenheim Securities.
David Darst: Good evening. So, you’ve announced and discussed kind of the organic plants you got around business banking and commercial lending in New Jersey, would you say that you are kind of own track with what you would have been doing had Hudson city acquisition closed say six or 12 months ago or do you think that you are kind of ahead of pace or different pace for much little while have been doing on the commercial side in New Jersey?
René F. Jones: I would say we are definitely on track, we are probably ahead and there is always in adversity right, one of the things that I think we learned we were really impressed at how much progress the team could make and how the circumstances sort of forced the team to work more closely together to provide a full service to the relationship so we did all the stuff without branches. So we think we have learned something there and all of that has been very positive, we are very, very pleased with what the team has done in New Jersey and I would say it's ahead of pace from the original schedule that we had planned.
David Darst: Okay. And then I guess can we talk about maybe this is premature, but I guess there is some anticipations to be remixing the Hudson city residential mortgages into your commercial loans from this perspective is there a time line change or your ability to scale up New Jersey markets do that?
René F. Jones: No. No. It's ahead of the original plan despite the fact that we did – there has been delay. So that's gone really well. And quite frankly, if I were to think about how you do this I think I remember talking back then about how that works when you go into a market a lot of times as you try to build relationships you get a little bit more business on the CRE side but I don't think that's really the case. I think we have done nice job on both CRE middle market, business banking as well, and the business banking in particular is impressive when you don't have a branch network.
David Darst: Great, thank you.
Operator: Now that was our final question. I will now like to turn the floor back over to management for any closing remarks.
Donald J. MacLeod: Again, thank you, all, for participating today. And as always, if clarification of any of the items on the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations Department at (716) 842-5138.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's M&T Bank's Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-17 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the M&T Bank Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Don MacLeod, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Donald J. MacLeod: Thank you, Paula, and good morning everyone. This is Don MacLeod. I'd like to thank everybody for participating in M&T's second quarter 2014 earnings conference call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our Web-site, www.mtb.com, and by clicking on the Investor Relations link. Also, before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on Forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now, I'd like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, Rene Jones.
Rene F. Jones: Thank you, Don, and good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us on the call. Our results for this quarter were strong and relatively straightforward. As we noted in the press release, we experienced an uptick in customer activity during the second quarter from what had been an unusually slow first quarter. In addition to an uptick in loan growth, the improvement was reflected in our Wilmington Trust fee businesses and mortgage banking as well as deposit service charges. Credit metrics remained solid and M&T's balance sheet measures continue to strengthen. Operating expenses remained elevated as we continue to make significant progress on our regulatory initiatives including BSA/AML compliance and our overall risk management activities. As we usually do, I'll start by reviewing a few of the highlights from M&T's second quarter results, after which Don and I will be happy to take your questions. Looking at the numbers, diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $1.98 for the second quarter of 2014, improved from $1.61 in the first quarter but down from $2.55 in the second quarter of 2013. Net income for the recent period was $284 million, increased from $229 million in the prior quarter. Net income was $348 million in the year ago quarter. Noteworthy items included in the second quarter's results were an $8 million reduction in M&T's accrual for income taxes, which followed resolution with the taxing authorities of previously uncertain tax position, and a $12 million addition to M&T's litigation reserve which amounts to $7 million after tax. Prior to M&T's acquisition of Wilmington Trust Corporation, the SEC commenced a civil investigation of Wilmington Trust financial reporting and securities filing. The addition to the reserve reflects our belief that we are nearing resolution of this matter. We have worked diligently to resolve some of the legacy issues while we continue to build on Wilmington Trust's historic strength, both in the Delaware community and in the wealth and investment services space. Recall that results for the second quarter of 2013 included securities gains and reversal of a contingent compensation accrual that in aggregate increased net income by $49 million and diluted earnings per share by $0.38. Since 1998, M&T has consistently provided supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis, from which we exclude the after-tax effect of amortization of intangible assets as well as expenses and gains associated with mergers and acquisitions when they occur. After-tax expense from the amortization of intangible assets was $6 million or $0.04 per common share in the recent quarter compared with $6 million and $0.05 per share in the prior quarter. M&T's net operating income for the second quarter, which excludes intangible amortization, was $290 million, up from $235 million in the linked quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per share were $2.02 for the recent quarter, up from $1.66 in the linked quarter. Net operating income yielded annualized rates of return on average tangible asset and average tangible common equity of 1.35% and 14.92% for the recent quarter. The comparable returns were 1.15% and 12.76% in the first quarter of 2014. In accordance with SEC guidelines, this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results including tangible assets and equity. Turning to the balance sheet and the income statement, taxable equivalent net interest income was $675 million for the second quarter of 2014, an increase of $13 million from the linked quarter. The increase was attributable to higher levels of loans and investment securities as well as an additional day in the quarter. The net interest margin was 3.40% during the quarter, down 12 basis points, compared with 3.52% in the first quarter. During the period, we had a particularly high level of short-term trust demand deposit, primarily related to our institutional trust business which we had held at the Federal Reserve. On an average basis, the deposit of excess funds at the Fed was some $1 billion higher in the second quarter than in the first. This temporary elevation of excess funds diluted the margin by an estimated 4 basis points during the quarter. We estimate that the impact from a higher level of investment securities combined with higher level of borrowings reduced the margin by about 5 basis points, and finally the remaining 3 basis points of margin compression represents our estimated core margin pressure which includes the impact of new loans coming on at rates lower than those that are maturing. Average loans increased 579 million or 4% annualized during the quarter. Average commercial industrial loans or those loans to support business operations grew a healthy 11% annualized – at a healthy 11% annualized rate. We saw a strong double-digit growth in greater New York City, in Pennsylvania and in the Mid-Atlantic region. Average commercial real estate loans were essentially flat to the first three months of this year. As has been the case for the past several quarters, origination activity remained steady or perhaps a little better than steady, while high levels of paydowns particularly in our New York City region have offset new originations. The elevated level of paydowns reflects the availability of long-term low cost permanent financing from both bank and non-bank competitors at terms we were unwilling to match. Residential mortgage loan volume declined an annualized 4%. Average consumer loans grew an annualized 7% with good growth in indirect auto and recreation finance loans, being partially offset by declines in home equity loan. The $1.7 billion increase in investment securities that I mentioned represents the continuation of our program to build a liquid asset buffer in preparation for the implementation of the liquidity coverage ratio. Average core customer deposits, which excludes deposits received in M&T's Cayman Islands office and CDs over $250,000, grew at an annualized rate of 14% from the first quarter, reflecting the elevated level of trust demand deposits I referred to earlier. Those deposits were lower again at the end of the quarter. Turning to noninterest income, noninterest income totaled $456 million in the second quarter, improved from $420 million in the prior quarter. There were no securities gains or losses in either period. Mortgage banking revenues were $96 million in the recent quarter, up 20% from $80 million in the prior quarter. The higher revenues in comparison to the linked quarter reflect improved origination activity as well as the sale of re-performing government guaranteed loan. Commitments to originate residential mortgage loans for sale increased 24%, applications were up 27%, closings were up 31%, and the pipeline which is a reflection of as we move into future quarters was up 18%. Now recall that the first quarter's results reflected lower-than-expected levels of activity. The stronger trend seen during the recent quarter likely includes some level of pent-up demand from the first quarter, and given that we expect mortgage banking revenues over the remainder of 2014 will be somewhat lower. Commercial gain on sale revenues in the mortgage space improved by $3 million compared with the first quarter, reflecting higher volumes of commercial mortgage loans originated for sale. Fee income from deposit service charges provided were $107 million in the second quarter compared with $104 million in the linked quarter, reflecting higher levels of customer activity. Trust and investment revenues which include fees from wealth management and institutional trust services were $130 million, up from $120 million in the prior quarter. Net new business and seasonal tax preparation fees were the primary drivers of the increase. Turning to operating expenses, operating expenses for the second quarter which exclude expenses from the amortization of intangible assets was $672 million, down by $20 million from the $692 million in the prior quarter. Salaries and benefits declined to $340 million, down $32 million, reflecting a return to normal levels of spending from the seasonally high levels incurred during the first quarter. This decline was moderated by the impact from an additional compensation day in the quarter. Other cost of operations increased by $17 million from the previous quarter. The increase is primarily due to the $12 million addition to the litigation reserve that I mentioned previously. Expenses arising from our work on BSA/AML compliance initiative remain elevated and I'll discuss our spending outlook in a few minutes. The efficiency ratio, which excludes securities gains and losses as well as intangible amortization and merger-related expenses, was 59.4% for the second quarter compared with 63.9% in the prior quarter. The improvement reflects the lower spending levels combined with stronger revenue trend. Next let's turn to credit. Our credit quality remains strong and in line with our expectation. Nonaccrual loans decreased slightly from the end of the first quarter. The ratio of nonaccrual loans to total loans declined by 3 basis points to 1.36% at the end of the second quarter. When we file our 10-Q in the coming weeks, I expect that we'll report a continued decline in classified loans. Net charge-offs for the second quarter were $29 million, down from $32 million in the first quarter, and that is an annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans ratio were 18 basis points for the second quarter, improved slightly from 20 basis points in the previous quarter. The provision for credit losses was $30 million for the recent quarter and the allowance for credit losses was $918 million amounting to 1.42% of total loans as of the end of June. The loan loss allowance as of the June 30 was 7.5 times annualized charge-offs. Loans 90 days past due on which we continue to accrue interest excluding acquired loans that had been marked to fair value at acquisition were $289 million at the end of the quarter. Of these, 95% are guaranteed by government related entities. Accruing loans 90 days past due were $307 million at the end of the first quarter, of which 95% were also guaranteed by government related entities. Turning to capital, our Tier 1 common capital ratio was an estimated 9.62% at the end of June, up 17 basis points from 9.45% at the end of March. Our estimated common equity Tier 1 under the recently adopted Basel III capital rules is approximately 9.35%. Tangible book value per share increased by 4% from the prior quarter to $55.89. Turning to the outlook, as I mentioned at the outset, customer activity picked up quite a bit from the levels we saw in the first quarter for both the balance sheet and most fee income categories. Regarding loan growth, we're encouraged by the continued or perhaps even improved momentum in C&I lending and we expect continued pressure on pricing and structures in the CRE space. We continue to expect modest ongoing core compression in the net interest margin of 2 to 3 basis points per quarter. Beyond the core margin, we also expect additional pressure in the printed margin as we take further steps towards reaching our compliance with the liquidity coverage ratio by the end of this year, and we continue to expect growth in net interest income for the remainder of the year. As noted, we expect lower mortgage banking revenues over the second half of the year. This should be somewhat offset by continued growth in other fee categories. Expenses remain elevated, near current levels, for the next couple of quarters as we continue to make investments on our regulatory and other operational initiatives. We currently expect to see improvement in spending as we begin to move into 2015, and the outlook for credit remains stable and there are no signs of a turn-in in asset quality metrics. Lastly, on our BSA/AML initiative, we've made significant progress on the series of milestones that are needed to enhance M&T's BSA/AML compliance program. M&T has substantially improved its governance, training and management reporting board's compliance with BSA/AML laws and regulations. A new 'Know Your Customer' program has been implemented. All new customers are being brought into the Bank through this new set of Bank-wide procedures, customer due diligence and the risk weighting process. Application of the new 'Know Your Customer' protocol to existing customers continues. The third-party vendor for a transaction review called for in the written agreement has begun its work, and as of the end of the second quarter, 571 employees are devoting a majority of their time to BSA/AML activity. This does not include part-time or contract employees. Said another way, we're working diligently to address all of the issues raised by the Federal Reserve in the written agreement. Overall, of course as you are aware, our projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events and other macroeconomic factors which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. Now let's open up the call to questions, before which Paula will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Bob Ramsey of FBR Capital.
Bob Ramsey: You talked about the expenses as we head to the next several quarters and hen said that you expect some improvements in spending as we head into 2015. Could you just help us think about to what extent expenses will actually improve or to what extent sort of will you be able to leverage the expense base where it is or how you're thinking about the expense trajectory just for the M&T piece excluding any Hudson City impact?
Rene F. Jones: At a very high level, I think what I said was what we expect, that I don't expect to see any significant improvement in the level of expenses that we're running at in the next quarter or so. We may begin to see some as we get into the fourth quarter but I think most of the benefit – as we talked last quarter, we said we try to position ourselves for 2015. I do see sort of a natural progression of lower expenses that would come through throughout 2015. And the way to think about that is in a couple of buckets that a whole group of people that are just sort of thinking about outside of the risk management and compliance base, how we can do things more efficiently, I talked about that last time. So that's beginning to get some traction but will take some time to produce result. I think about – separate from all of the other risk management and all of the other technology type initiatives we're doing, if you just focus in on the BSA/AML process for a minute, what we've done there is that we have taken some time to build up our core infrastructure, I talked about the components of governance and infrastructure that we're going. So that is all in place and up and running, but at the same time we've kept all of the ramped up professional services and contract employees and all of the external stuff that are not part of necessarily an ongoing process but more related to the remediation and getting up to speed. And to put that into perspective, I mean I think now the number has been creeping up a little bit but as I look at where I forecast where we'll be just on BSA/AML spending alone, I think I'm pretty comfortable that we'll probably spend over $150 million in 2014 on that number. So that gives you some sense of how much effort we're putting into the process. So naturally, we are going to do that for as long as it takes to get our work done, but clearly we are well above a sustainable level that you would see on an ongoing basis, and so that's what gives me comfort that as we get more towards and into 2015, then we get through the bulk of our work in a satisfactory way, that you have downward pressure.
Bob Ramsey: And so if you spend $150 million in 2014, once you're all up and running and you've been able to let go some of the external services, what do you think that number is in 2016, I mean taking it further out?
Rene F. Jones: I don't know, I really don't know. I think that's extraordinary amount of money. I think we begin to think about all of our risk management spending in total, I think that's how we have to think about it. But what I do know is if you think about the numbers we've been giving you, last quarter I think we said 425 employees we had on there, we have 571 employees, we're just going to have to figure out what that happy space is. Part of that space is dictated by what we find in terms of the risk profile of the Company or more so in the risk profile of the customers and then we'll decide from there, but what I do know is that we have ramped up the portion of the spending that's coming from the outside to help us get through the work.
Donald J. MacLeod: We'll know more as we go.
Bob Ramsey: And how much of that 150 is internal versus external?
Donald J. MacLeod: I don't have it at the top of my head. I probably have it somewhere around here but – I mean you look at the professional services, huge amounts are in professional services, and I think as you think over that's where you should see the improvement.
Bob Ramsey: Okay great. One other question, shifting gears, if you think about the efforts prepare for the LCR requirements, where are you guys in terms of where you want the balance sheet to be and how much more do you expect to add in terms of high quality Ginnie Mae securities to meet the requirements?
Rene F. Jones: We have more to do. I think that the way to think about it is I would expect what we saw this quarter, we wish to see similar quarters going forward, we will be done by the end of year, there's no question about that. We did 1.9 billion of purchases this quarter. I think we did 1.7 billion last quarter. So we're sort of on track and our thought process is full compliance, we're not looking at the phase-in stuff but we're talking about 100%.
Bob Ramsey: Okay great. And so I guess so we can expect a similar impact to margin, obviously goes from how will be the impact on net interest income, but on margin from the security purchase over the next several quarters?
Rene F. Jones: Yes, I think that's very logical, very logical.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Murray of ISI.
Keith Murray: Can you just touch on some of the balance sheet positioning that you've done, obviously some of which LCR related, but is there anything you've done, I looked at the decline let's say in one-to-four family loans this quarter in preparation for the pending Hudson City deal?
Rene F. Jones: No, no, we're not doing – we didn't undertake any activities that we don't normally do, and you're mostly seeing a runoff in that portfolio and it doesn't make any sense to begin to obtain more mortgages because of Hudson City, but there's nothing unusual there.
Keith Murray: Okay. And then just focusing on New Jersey, can you give us a sense of if you're losing money there right now, how much are you losing and how much easier would your life be or will it be if you have branches and how you've been able to be successful so far without them?
Rene F. Jones: I love your question, I like it in reverse better. Let me start by saying that on its own, the novel approach is not one where you're going to make money in the outset. It's just you got to build up an infrastructure, you have to have enough identity because you've got all of the infrastructure that you need to put in place but you don't have the customer base, and that takes some time, and our thinking was that we probably would never really bench it out there doing that on our own without Hudson, but we now have gone through that experiment. First, it's really, it's been just a pleasant surprise. The team has worked really, really well together, it's way ahead of what we would've thought the profitability would have been today, and so we've learned some stuff, and we're getting traction and being received really well with the customer base. So, I think I may have mentioned it at some point in time, we probably have I don't know $802 billion balance sheet in New Jersey, and not only that, it's very well-rounded with a wealth team and a securities team. So, I think we're off to a better-than-expected start there and I guess if you were thinking about it, as changing your mind about the novel, you probably would have lower expenses, but I don't think that's – that's not where we're going. We like what we see there. So the one thing I would talk about in terms of the way we modelled Hudson City is when we talked about expense days. Those expense days were net of all those hires that we've already made, right. So just keep that in mind, right. So I think you're kind of getting there that the weight of bringing on all those staff is already in our numbers and it's already there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Wasserstrom of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Eric Wasserstrom: Rene, just to follow up on sort of the medium term expense reduction, I just want to understand – to make sure I understand the source, is that coming from just lesser outside consultants and technology and that kind of thing or is it coming from the fact that that 571 number of individuals committed to that today will ultimately be a much lesser number?
Rene F. Jones: I think the space that I'm focused on given what I do is I clearly see the professional services with the people who are here helping us learn the process or doing the third-party reviews, right. So that's very clear to me. I think on the staffing side, we have to kind of think about that because beyond – remember the way I discussed the people that we have, in addition to that we have all those contract folks. So, there's a lot more people actually working on than all those 571 individuals. We'll just have to wait and see, I mean I don't want to – I don't know that we know enough to know what's required to sustain the program but our focus is going to be on sustaining a very strong program.
Eric Wasserstrom: And if you were to sort of categorize which inning you were with respect to fulfilling the terms laid out in the written agreement, where would you say, are we sixth inning or later or earlier?
Rene F. Jones: I'm not a keeper of that. The way I think about it is, I think that there are a bunch of steps but there are four that I think about. One is the governance and the infrastructure, and since you've known about this, that's what we've been building that in place now and we've done that work. Two is the 'Know Your Customer' and the risk rating model, and I mentioned that last time and you might have thought of that as sort of, okay, we've put it in place so we're done. That's not the way I think about it. Now we actually have another full quarter of processing in that way, and as we get through that and as we get through the third piece that I look at which is the amount of customers that we remediated in our existing base, the more of that that we get through, what we do is that as we've begun to make that progress, it allows the Federal Reserve to have enough result so to speak to begin to examine our progress. And then when you think about that process, that sort of build, examine, reframe process, it's an iterative process and we learn from it. And so, it's really almost impossible to kind of give you a date, it doesn't work that way. But what I feel good about is we've hit our target schedules, we're doing a fair amount of work, we're providing a lot of information for the regulatory folks to be able to see what we're doing and test and look at it, and that's what I feel good about. The fourth piece is the look-back, and that is being done by an independent party. From everything we see, they are on track but that's their work that they have to get through, and then similarly the Federal Reserve has to have time to begin to look at their work.
Eric Wasserstrom: Alright, great, and I appreciate that answer. And just lastly on the margin, all of the three or four components that you laid out as contributing to the compression in this period, it sounds like they all more or less remain in similar magnitudes at least over the next period, is that fair?
Rene F. Jones: Yes, I have thought about that a lot myself. It's been a long time and it's all been around two or three, but I think that's because the rate environment just hasn't changed, there hasn't been a lot of dynamic changes in our balance sheet and there's been no change in the rate environment. So I think it is moving along. Don always reminds me that embedded in that is of course the fact that our acquired loan portfolio is getting smaller, but that's embedded in the two or three points. So I think it's just that there's not been a lot of change.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Klock of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Brian Klock: I guess a couple of quick follow-ups, Rene. On the margin side, you did mention the acquired portfolio shrinking, you still have the accretable yield number for the second quarter?
Rene F. Jones: I do. Give me a second. I never give you the accretable yield, I give you the whole thing. So give me two seconds and I'll find it. What I will say is, if you look at that today where we sit, if you look at our yields, there's about 8 basis points of lift in our yields of our assets from the acquired portfolio. And then the interest on the acquired portfolio this quarter was $49 million interest income, $49 million, last quarter it was $59 million, quarter before it was $65 million.
Brian Klock: Okay. And as far as, is there typically around this period of time you actually sort of I guess true-up and reanalyze cash flow. Is it something you might do third and fourth quarter or is that…?
Rene F. Jones: No, we do that every quarter, we do make a very – maybe a little bit of a heightened effort on the anniversary which you're right is here, and we did all that work and now we feel very comfortable with where our cash flows and estimates are, we think those are pretty good.
Brian Klock: And then I guess just thinking about the impact from the LCR efforts for the quarter, the average balances don't totally reflect where the end of period is, so could there be a little bit more carryover of compression into the third quarter before you kind of factor in the new LCR type leveraging you're going to add to in the third quarter? So should we expect a little bit more compression from just what you did during the second quarter?
Rene F. Jones: You're really good. So yes, I mean I think if you go from 1.7 to 1.9, there's probably – the 200 million is going to have a little bit more of an impact. I don' know how much that is, but yes, that's right. It depends on of course what we do in the third quarter.
Brian Klock: Sure, as far as how fast you lever that in. And then I guess just last question, relative to where you are with BSA/AML, I know you talked about spending $150 million, can you remind us kind of where you are so far or what you've spent in the quarter or anything you can kind of give us as to what you spent in the first half of the year?
Rene F. Jones: I hate forecasting in general. You're asking me to forecast like…
Brian Klock: No, no, I guess maybe just what you've spent already, so actual versus forecast.
Rene F. Jones: I don't know, I'll shy away from that. But I think you kind of get it because we're saying it's going to remain level, alright, and so we've been spending at this rate already. That's really where my forecast is coming from.
Brian Klock: Got it. And I guess really the question really is, to kind of tack onto that is, with that kind of going pretty smooth like you just answered the previous question, I guess is the expectation still the same as far as timing for closing of Hudson City given that if everything is on track and continues to kind of move forward, do you still expect the closing here in the second half of the year, maybe late summer or fall, or I guess maybe what's your commentary regarding Hudson City closing?
Rene F. Jones: I don't really have any commentary. What I can say is that as we look at the – continue to monitor both portfolios, we still love the transaction and we've got an agreement that's in force until the end of the year. And other than that, we're just working really hard to make sure we do a good job on what the task at hand is, and if we do that then maybe there's some possibility that we'll be able to move on and do what we intend to do, but nothing's changed, Brian.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Rene, to your point on the loan growth and activity starting to pickup, previously you had talked about full-year loan growth in the low to mid single digits or mid if you adjusted for last year's securitization, I believe that was on a period end basis. Any updated thoughts on that type of growth pattern or growth rate expectation?
Rene F. Jones: I don't know, I think I wouldn't change it. I mean, so 11% annualized growth in C&I which is an uptick, zero in CRE, and across the board there continues to remain pricing pressure, each quarter is a little bit more structure pressure, and I think if you look at what's driving that, there's no change in the underlying issues. So I don't think it's going to – I think it's going to be tough, I think I would expect pricing continue to be under pressure, meaning that it's not staying at the same levels, it will come down. I look back at a presentation that our commercial real estate folks did and it reminded me, we had in 2004, 2005 and 2006, our growth in commercial real estate was below the industry, and '07 and '08 it was about the same, and '09, '10, '11 and '12 we outpaced the industry in commercial real estate growth, and in '13 and '14 we're behind. I think that follows the price of the asset, alright. So we're finding it very difficult in terms of the competitiveness in that space and we're probably making a little bit more progress on the middle market space. I don't expect that to change.
Ken Usdin: Okay, got you. And then Rene, on the investments that you're making, can you just give us kind of an understanding of where the stuff that you're buying in the portfolio, what that go on yields are versus your three unchanged average yield of the portfolio which the average portfolio has gone to?
Rene F. Jones: Yes, I mean almost everything is big, almost everything is 15 year in terms of maturity duration, and second quarter yield six roughly. I want to say our borrowings are somewhere around [1.4] (ph) from what we've been doing on the wholesale front.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And then just one small one for me, when you're talking about expenses being fairly flat from here for the back half of the year, are you talking of just the all-in reported number or would you be thinking of extra litigation charge?
Rene F. Jones: I guess I'm thinking all-in but I haven't really thought about that. I mean I guess we were a little elevated because of that. I don't know, you could go either way. It's sort of the trajectory I guess I'm thinking about.
Ken Usdin: Okay, so it's in this zone, with not much change expected from how it came through, okay?
Rene F. Jones: That's what I'm thinking, yes.
Ken Usdin: And then last little one is just, can you quantify for us the magnitude of those government guaranteed loan sales that helped the mortgage line?
Rene F. Jones: I mean the problem with that is, if you're looking at what you're trying to think about where mortgage banking revenue is going to go, I think you had that but I think you also had the pent-up demand. So what we're thinking is that, I mean we wouldn't be surprised to give back half of the improvement that we saw from the first to the second quarter. I think in combination you're going to see that reduce on the residential mortgage side.
Ken Usdin: Understood, that makes sense. Thanks Rene.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeffrey Elliott of Autonomous Research.
Jeffrey Elliott: I've got another question on Hudson City. What is the earliest date that could close if everything went perfectly from now onwards, what is the earliest that that could close given you've got the BSA/AML work still ongoing?
Rene F. Jones: I think everything we've said in the past gives you some sense of what we would hope for but that's all we know.
Jeffrey Elliott: And then how easy would it be to push that into 2015?
Rene F. Jones: I think the thing to remember is, to this point that it really apply in this particular case, when we come together obviously we are very – we have a disciplined approach to the financials, but most of our – when we get together with somebody, most of those situations have been partnerships, and we only got to where we are today by each time an issue has come up, we sat down and asked people what they want to do and what was in their best interest, and this is how we got to where we are. So we would just have to do the same thing at the time. We have a high amount of respect for the managements there and the Board at Hudson City. So whatever they need to do is what we're going to focus on first, and then what we know is that when and if something happens, that's what build a strong partnership. So we wouldn't even begin to think about that unless we got to that situation.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill [Kokesch] (ph) of Nomura.
Bill: Rene, can you give a little bit more color around some of the things that you've done upfront to accelerate the integration of Hudson City and make sure that you hit the ground running post close and anything more that you can still do as we look forward from here?
Rene F. Jones: I think one of the things about what we would have to do is that it's very much in line with what they are required to do as well. So you've heard Ron talk about building out things that require the need for commercial lending and the infrastructure there, you've heard him talk about setting up an origination for sale with the Fannie and Freddie programs around that. So they're doing those things, those things are perfectly aligned with where we would go anyway. And then we have obviously the balance sheet and the balance sheet issues of sort of taking maybe off the leverage there. What's interesting is that's naturally happening as we move forward, and so we understand the balance sheet, we monitor the balance sheet and we look at changes in those. As an example, we'll all be under liquidity coverage ratio. So as those types of things affect that balance sheet, we're both under the same steps. Because it's such a large, a big part of this merger is repositioning our balance sheet, there are very financial type things to do. All of the stuff that we have to do or I should say a big portion of the things that we have to do outside of the branches are actually being done, right, and then we would have to begin to think about how we go back and ramp up, workaround branches and making sure the controls and things are in place there, but that stuff we know how to do and we really have not been focused on that because there's not a long runway to do that type of work should the opportunity avail itself. So there's not a lot of unique things that you've got to do in this type of a transaction.
Bill: Okay. And following up on some of the comments you made now and what you said earlier about branch density, are you happy with where you'll be post close, in particular maybe relative to where you are in your other key markets and strategically how you think about that?
Rene F. Jones: I mean to think of it, let me go back, so we have about the same number of branches today as we did say five years ago and we've grown a lot. So we're always looking at our branch network and we're looking at sort of where the locations are and then more recently look how they are staffed and the technology that we're using. And so I got to believe that as we get to that space in New Jersey where we have branches, what we're thinking about is very much the same way, the number hasn't – I don't know that the number would be significantly different, we never plan to have fewer locations. I don't know if that helps but it's kind of what you do, you optimize in both, not just from an expense perspective but from a location and opportunity perspective.
Bill: That's really helpful. Maybe just finally, if you could touch on a bit more of a macro question, would love to hear your thoughts on the whole notion of deposits leaving the system as the Fed drains liquidity, some have suggested that the regional banks face greater pressure to deposit outflows than those with more of a national presence given that deposits that get withdrawn for investment as the economy grows are less likely to find their way back to the same regional bank while the national players perhaps have a greater chance of seeing those deposits come back, can you talk about that dynamic and how you guys are thinking about the eventual kind of liquidity drain and what that means for you?
Rene F. Jones: First of all, we think about it a lot. I think that the way I would frame the model is, there's a portion of the model that hasn't changed and then there's a portion of the model that might have changed. So the portion that hasn't changed is that the way you build your deposits base is what dictates how sticky it is when rates rise. So if you were paying low rate relative to everybody else, your customers probably came to you for a different reason. In that space, we have probably I would say, I think it's 100 up or 200 up, but we have significant runoff in our commercial space because that's just the behavior that we've seen in past cycles but it was higher on the ramp-up here so we expect it to be higher on the way down. I think we probably have higher rate scenario going up 100, maybe $6 billion of runoff which mostly comes out of the commercial space. So we're thinking about it quite a bit. The only unknown to me is this issue of whether people are going to remain more conservative because it was so painful when they didn't have cash before, which is a positive. We're not really taking that into account but it's sort of, I think that's the other thing that's sort of on the back of our mind. So really big issue, in our numbers we assume a lot of runoff but I don't know about that theory. I think it depends on why the customer came to you over the years in the first place and if you were buying deposits, I would be more cautious than if you were very conservative in how you got them.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: My questions have been asked and answered. Thanks Rene.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Burnell of Wells Fargo Securities.
Matt Burnell: Just a quick question, with all of your increase in the securities portfolio over the last couple of quarters, can you update us relative to the first quarter on sort of what net interest income impact from a 100 basis points higher rates would be, and/or update us on the portfolio duration if that's changed materially from the first quarter?
Rene F. Jones: I don't think it's changed materially from the first quarter, I think it's about a little shy of 4.3 is the duration of the securities book, which is up from years ago obviously because of the size and the [indiscernible]. And then in up scenario we gain I think 4%, up 100. Down 100, I want to say it's like about 2.5% down, and that of course is very unlikely scenario given where we are.
Matt Burnell: Let's hope so. And then a question, you've mentioned several times how strong the C&I loan growth has been. Many of your regional bank competitors have pointed to higher utilization rates in the second quarter relative to maybe year-end. I guess I'm curious if you're seeing the same thing, and if you're seeing greater C&I borrowing for expansion rather than just sort of trade finance or other shorter-term purposes?
Rene F. Jones: I think as I sat with the folks, they are talking about usages coming – you're right on its face, a lot of our borrowing is coming from existing customers, I think with both operating needs and M&A, but there is more of an M&A transaction bend to it that more people are getting involved for that reason. And then we keep ticking up a little, it's sort of a steady increase in the usage. So I mean we're on 52.2, actually last quarter it was 52.5. So it's actually been relatively flat, but if you look at it over the course of the year, it's up 2% to 3% over the course of 12 months. It's kind of like the C&I balances, we've seen a little bit more usage slowly every quarter, alright, a little bit more growth every quarter, very, very steady but nothing big in one given quarter.
Matt Burnell: Okay, that's helpful color. And then for my last question, at least just going back to the Hudson City transaction, it sounds from your comments that even though you have an agreement at this point through December 31 of this year, that doesn't preclude that agreement being extended if for any reason you're not able to get the BSA/AML bedded down as rapidly as you might hope?
Rene F. Jones: I don't know that you're factually – I assume you're probably factually correct but I don't really think about it that way, I just think about putting my head down and making sure we do our part of the whole thing and then making sure that we put our best foot forward, and then if we ever get to a situation like that then we'll ask Ron and company what they'd like to do, but I'm not thinking about it that way.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sameer Gokhale of Janney Capital.
Sameer Gokhale: Rene, just to go back to that theme of deposits and deposit behaviour, a lot of folks have talked about deposit beta as in really thinking about their own deposit beta is in kind of that 50% range, 50%, 55% deposit beta range and kind of using the '04-'05 period as a baseline. Now from your commentary, it sounds like there's some offsets, I mean you were talking about that $6 billion runoff in deposits, but the uncertainty also comes from the fact that if rates rise and people and companies and corporate clients start behaving more conservatively and want to maintain deposits, maybe you see less of a runoff. So, have you talked about this, I can't remember in terms of a deposit beta and what you've kind of factored in, in terms of a deposit beta explicitly into your planning?
Rene F. Jones: I'm not going to attempt it by numbers, but I mean as I hear you say those numbers of 50%, it doesn't sound unreasonable over a long period of time, but initially it's probably less than that early on. So it's a dynamic between the first three, six months in what you're doing and how you're looking at it and where you eventually end up, and I think it's very much driven by what the customer behavior is and their elasticity around pricing. So, I think the only thing that's really different is, we assume our models make a lot of sense but the rates have been long for so long and we're coming out of that crisis that the elasticity models are untested almost, right. So this is why it's an area of focus. So a good question, a great framework to think about it. We have one but we have to kind of test the boundaries around it because it's so much uncertainty there.
Sameer Gokhale: Okay. And then you talked about the Hudson City acquisition, you've talked about it quite a lot, but you also said one of the things you need to look at is Hudson City's balance sheet and how that comes over and things you need to do as you look at their balance sheet versus yours, and what I was really trying to drill down a little bit more on was your preparation for the LCR requirements. It strikes me that clearly you're planning for the acquisition to occur, but on the other hand you have to be prepared in case it doesn't go through. So how do you think about that, do you think you have enough runway as you get closer and closer to closing on that deal that if in fact there's a last minute change that's unexpected that you are prepared to meet the LCR requirements, so how are you thinking about that, that'd just be helpful?
Rene F. Jones: So we've thought about it a lot, and the thing that's most important is, step one, everybody has tons of securities on it. So, it's all manageable within their own balance sheet, it's not an issue of bringing it together with M&T's. And so, how you deal with the leverage would change from not having the liquidity coverage ratio to having one and then the severity of the final rules, right, you've got all the flexibility built into that balance sheet already. So it just changes how you do the delevering and what you have to keep, you have to mark the portfolios to market but that's a different thing unless whether you actually have to exit and sell the security. So the answer is embedded in their own balance sheet today. That takes that uncertainty away.
Sameer Gokhale: Okay, but how about the positioning of your own securities portfolio, I mean how are you thinking about that vis-a-vis the securities you would get post acquisition? I mean it sounds like you've maintained or you're going to a liquidity portfolio so it's almost like you're trying to keep a base case where you protect yourself but the expectation is of course the deal goes through, I mean you're being conservative in that regard, is that the way to think about it or are you kind of really saying, okay, the deal is going to go through and so the securities come onboard and so that's really not something that you're that worried about, so I'm just trying to frame how you think about your own liquidity portfolio in that context?
Rene F. Jones: Your questions are great questions. The answer is, those are two separate portfolios. So M&T is doing with its balance sheet exactly what it needs to do to meet the requirement, because that balance sheet is going to be here no matter what, alright. So no thought about somebody else's balance sheet. As I begin to think about another balance sheet that we and myself and Scott and others have to manage, we look at that balance sheet separately, and what's unique about that balance sheet is it's very, very different from M&T, it's got a tremendous amount of liquidity in it. So the only question is, how much of it do you keep. You see what I'm saying?
Sameer Gokhale: No, that makes sense, I mean you just answered my question in that you look at it separately because of that point – no, I mean it's fair, that was exactly where I was trying to get at, they do have a lot of liquidity so do you kind of assume that you're going to get that, so you don't need to manage or maintain as much, but you said that you kind of look at the two things separately. So that really answered my question. So thank you very much.
Rene F. Jones: I appreciate that. The piece that I didn't give you is that, in our assumption, we anticipated that the whole thing was going to go away. So we've got the capacity and the way we thought about it in our framework, but thanks for your question.
Operator: Your final question comes from Sachin Shah of Albert Fried.
Sachin Shah: So I just want to understand, there's a lot of questions about Hudson City, is there anything else aside from these issues that you guys are dealing with that you kind of envision or having or foreseeing for you to potentially close the transaction essentially delaying the completion of this work that you guys need to do?
Rene F. Jones: With respect to Hudson City, that requires a merger application, the same process that you have. So while we're focusing on the issue at hand, which is BSA/AML, you have to have a very buttoned-down shop across the board, you have to have a good risk management structure, just the same things that you would go through with an [acquisition] (ph), so nothing unusual.
Sachin Shah: Okay. And just to clarify, you mentioned in earlier remark that if and when that time, if you buttoned-down the hatches, you're trying to complete this transaction, do the work, that's necessary, but for whatever reason it's getting close to the end of the year, you're going to have that conversation with Hudson City, your intention is to have that conversation with their CEO and the management team to move forward, you did mention earlier on that you still love the transaction, that is your intent if and when that scenario does come to play, is that fair?
Rene F. Jones: I've answered that. There's no more I can provide you to that question which I've been asked three, maybe four times.
Sachin Shah: Okay, alright, so that is the case, your intention is a question of when rather than if, how about that, it's a question of when rather than if?
Rene F. Jones: You're talking hypothetical, I'm just dealing with reality.
Sachin Shah: Okay, fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session of today's program. I would now like to turn the floor back over to Mr. MacLeod for any closing remarks.
Donald J. MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today, and as always, if clarification of any of the items on the call or press release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department at 716-842-5462.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes your conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-15 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the M&T Bank First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Don MacLeod, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Donald J. MacLeod: Thank you, Lori, and good morning, everyone. This is Don MacLeod. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website, www.mtb.com, and by clicking on the Investor Relations link. Also, before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on Forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now I'd like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, René Jones.
Rene F. Jones: Thank you, Don, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. As I noted in the press release, we got off to a bit of a slow start in 2014 with lower-than-normal levels of client activity in January and February, followed by a rebound in March. This was the case for both the balance sheet, as well as some of the fee income categories. Nonetheless, the quarter was a productive one. We received a non-objection to our capital plan from the Federal Reserve, access to debt markets and financed one of our trough issues with perpetual preferred stock, plus eliminating the need for additional amounts of preferred for the foreseeable future. And we continue to make progress on our BSA/AML compliance, risk management and capital planning and stress-testing capabilities. I'll have further thoughts on some of these topics later in the call, but first, let me review a few of the highlights from our first quarter results, after which Don and I will be happy to take your questions. Turning to the specific numbers. Diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $1.61 for the first quarter, compared with $1.56 in last year's fourth quarter and $1.98 in the first quarter of 2013. Net income for the recent period was $229 million, compared with $221 million in the prior quarter. Net income was $274 million in the year-ago quarter. Since 1998, M&T has consistently provided supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis from which we exclude the after-tax effect of amortization of intangible assets, as well as expenses and gains associated with mergers and acquisitions when they occur. After-tax expense from the amortization of intangible assets was $6 million or $0.05 per common share in both the first quarter of 2014 and the fourth quarter of 2013. M&T's net operating income for the first quarter, which excludes intangible amortization, was $235 million, up from $228 million in the linked quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $1.66 for the recent quarter, up from $1.61 in the linked quarter. Net operating income yielded annualized rates of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders' equity of 1.15% and 12.76% for the recent quarter. The comparable returns were 1.11% and 12.67% in the fourth quarter of 2013. In accordance with the SEC guidelines, this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results, including tangible assets and equity. Turning to the balance sheet and the income statement. Taxable-equivalent net interest income was $662 million for the first quarter of 2014, down by $10 million from the linked quarter. The decline was attributable to 90 days in the quarter compared with 92 days in the prior quarter. The net interest margin was 3.52% during the quarter, down by 4 basis points compared with 3.56% in the fourth quarter. Although the reduced day count in the quarter had the effect of reducing net interest income, it added 2 basis points to the reported margins. We'd estimate that the actions taken during the quarter to further build our liquidity asset buffer in connection with the liquidity coverage ratio reduced the reported net interest margin by about 4 basis points. During the quarter, we issued $1.5 billion of senior banknotes and began to deploy the proceeds of that issuance into LCR qualifying investments. Finally, the remaining 2 basis points of margin compression represents our estimated core margin pressure, which includes the impact of new loans coming on at rates lower than those maturing and which is partially offset by a lower cost of funds. The average interest-earning assets increased by $1.2 billion or 7% annualized as compared with the prior quarter. The increase included an $911 million increase in the average investment securities, as well as the $213 million or 1% annualized increase in average loans. Average commercial and industrial loans or those loans to support business operations grew at a healthy 9% annualized rate. We saw strong double-digit growth in both Pennsylvania and in our New York City Metropolitan region, as well as continued growth in auto floor plan loans. Average commercial real estate loans declined slightly at an annualized rate of 1%. While the origination activity remained steady, we experienced the higher level of paydowns, a high proportion of which were refinanced by CMBS conduits or life insurance companies at lower rates or longer terms. The industry-wide slowdown in the residential mortgage loan volumes has resulted in a smaller portfolio of loans being held in the pipeline for eventual sale and that was the primary factor driving an annualized 7% decline in residential real estate loans. Average consumer loans grew at an annualized rate of 3%, with strong growth in indirect auto loans being partially offset by continued declines in home equity lines of credit, as well as seasonal softness in recreation finance lending. Average core customer deposits, which exclude deposits received at M&T's Cayman Islands office and CDs over $250,000, grew at an annualized rate of 2% from the fourth quarter. On an end-of-period basis, core deposits grew at a much stronger annualized rate of 11%. Turning to noninterest income. Noninterest income totaled $420 million in the first quarter compared with $446 million in the prior quarter. There were no securities gains or losses in either period. Mortgage banking revenues were $80 million in the recent quarter, down $2 million from the prior quarter. Commercial gain on sale revenues declined by $6 million compared with the fourth quarter, reflecting lower volumes of commercial mortgage loans originated for sale. The impact from those was partially offset by higher residential mortgage servicing revenues. Fee income from deposit services provided were $104 million during the first quarter compared with $110 million in the linked quarter, primarily due to lower levels of NSF volumes, as well as lower customer debit card activity. Trust and investment revenues were $121 million compared with $126 million in the prior quarter. Some portion of this decline is seasonal and we would expect to see a rebound in the coming quarters in addition to the seasonally strong tax-preparation fees we typically realize in the second quarter. Turning to expenses. We continue to make investments in our risk management and compliance framework. As a result, our operating expenses are still elevated from what we think of as our normal ongoing expense level. Operating expenses for the first quarter, which exclude expense from the amortization of intangible assets, were $692 million, down by $41 million from $733 million in the prior quarter. Recall that the fourth quarter's results included a $40 million addition to our litigation reserve. In the first quarter, salaries and benefits increased by $35 million, reflecting in part the normal seasonal increase that comes from the accelerated recognition of equity compensation expense for certain retirement-eligible employees, higher FICA expense, higher unemployment insurance expense and expenses related to the 401(k) match. As in prior years, as these items return to more normal levels, we would expect the comparable decline in this year's second quarter. The other noteworthy change from the linked quarter was a $34 million decline in professional services expense. As we noted on the January call, those expenses likely peaked in the fourth quarter, reflecting the front-end spending tied to our BSA/AML, capital planning and stress testing and other initiatives. Bob Wilmers offered additional details on our risk management and other investment priorities in his message to shareholders published with the 2013 Annual Report. That said, we would expect our spending in these categories to remain elevated, possibly through the third quarter, before beginning to show improvement. The efficiency ratio, which excludes securities, gains and losses, as well as intangible amortization and merger-related expenses, was 63.9% for the first quarter compared with 65.5% in the prior quarter. Next, let's spend some time on credit. Our credit quality remains strong and in line with our expectations. Non-accrual loans increased slightly from the end of the fourth quarter. The ratio of non-accrual loans to total loans increased by 3 basis points to 1.39% as of the end of the first quarter. Notwithstanding that slight increase, when we file our 10-Q in the coming weeks, I would expect that we'll report another decline in classified loans. Net charge-offs for the first quarter were $32 million, down from $42 million in the fourth quarter and annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were 20 basis points for the first quarter, improved slightly from 26 basis points in the fourth quarter. The provision for credit losses was $32 million in the first quarter. The allowance for credit losses was $917 million, amounting to 1.43% of total loans at the end of March. The allowance for -- the loan loss allowance as of March 31, 2014 was 7.1x annualized net charge-offs. Loans 90 days past due on which we accrue -- continue to accrue interest, excluding acquired loans that have been marked a fair value at acquisition, were $307 million at the end of the recent quarter. Of these loans, $291 million or 95% are guaranteed by government-related entities. Accruing loans 90 days past due were $369 million at the end of the fourth quarter, of which 81% were guaranteed by government-related entities. Turning to capital. M&T's Tier 1 common capital ratio was an estimated 9.45% at the end of March, up 23 basis points from 9.22% at the end of 2013. Our estimated common equity Tier 1 ratio under the recently adopted Basel III capital rules is approximately 9.22%. And tangible book value per share increased by 3% from the prior quarter to $53.92 per share. We were very pleased to have received the non-objection from the Federal Reserve's CCAR stress test on both the quantitative and qualitative basis. As we noted last month, our capital plan for the coming 12 months includes maintaining our common dividend at its $2.80 a share annual rate, as well as continued payments of dividends and interest on other regulatory capital instruments. Turning to our outlook. As I mentioned at the outset, client activity was very slow across the board for both the balance sheet and some of the fee categories in January and February and then picked up significantly in March. Our sense is that the slowdown was likely a temporary issue. Regarding loan growth, we were pleased with the momentum we had in C&I lending. We expect continued pressure on pricing and structures in the CRE space. At this point in time, we're maintaining our outlook for mid-single digit loan growth through -- in 2014. We continue to expect modest ongoing core compression and a net interest margin of about 2 basis points per quarter. As we've discussed, we will see a continued decline in the printed margin as we take further steps towards reaching full compliance with the liquidity coverage ratio by the end of this year. However, those actions will have little to no impact, no negative impact on net interest income. We expect some improvement in fee-based revenue going into the second quarter despite the slow start. Our outlook for fee revenue growth in 2014 remains in the mid-single digit area. And as noted earlier, expenses will be elevated as our pace of investment will remain high over the next couple of quarters before we begin to see some improvement. Our goal is to be well-positioned for 2015. The outlook for credit is stable. There are no signs of any turn in asset quality metrics. With respect to our work on BSA/AML compliance, we continue to make considerable progress, achieving several important milestones by the end of this first quarter. However, we have much more work to do and we're working closely with the Federal Reserve to implement a strong and sustainable BSA program. I would also note that despite passing the CCAR stress test this year, we're also focused on continued improvement in our capital planning and stress-testing capabilities in anticipation of CCAR 2015. Of course, as you're aware, our projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events and other macroeconomic factors, which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. Now let's open up the call to questions, before which, Lori will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Brian Klock of Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods.
Brian Klock: So I'm not sure, maybe you can kind of let us know on the expense side, things came in better than I was expecting, I think better than the Street was expecting. And you talked about achieving many significant BSA-related milestones. So, I mean, is there a way you can kind of gauge for us or say, is there a -- are you through the fourth inning or fifth inning? Or maybe kind of let us know, I guess, how much progress or how far along the way you guys are with the BSA/AML process?
Rene F. Jones: Yes. As I said a few minutes ago, I think we've made very significant progress. We do have a lot of steps left to do. And so to give you to sort of some sense, what we're really attempting to do and we've been doing since the last year is we're trying to do a complete overhaul of our program. What we've done most recently is we've implemented -- we've launched the new enterprise-wide know-your-customer program. And if you think of that, what we're doing, what that involves is having -- putting in place your process to identify all the customers' accounts and to collect a more comprehensive view of all the information at account opening and then to begin to use that to go through a new, enhanced rescoring process. And so one of the steps that we've made a progress on to date is we -- as of March 31, all new customers are going through that process and it's a much, much enhanced process. And obviously, if you just take that one step, we'll need time for -- to see that work and to make sure it's working properly and for all of the regulatory parties to get comfortable with that, but that's an example of one of the things we've done. We still have got a lot more work to do. We've got work to do on transaction monitoring. We've got work to do to take a look at our overall policies and procedures. But we're making really significant progress. As a -- by way of example, in all of our new procedures, we've trained over 7,800 employees on the new program in those procedures. We've increased our staffing. We are now, at the end of the quarter, up to 425 individuals, FTEs working in the BSA/AML compliance area. And then one of the biggest things that we've got to do is that once we get comfortable with our new process and how it's working, including the risk scoring, we've got to go take a look back at our customer base, our existing customer base, and sort of understand whether our new process would have come out with any different answer and whether there's anything in that book that we would uncover now that we have a new enhanced process. So it's a lot of work. We're really pleased that we made the progress we've had to date, but we still have a fair bit of work to do. And so we ask you to kind of stick with us. We'll keep updating you.
Brian Klock: That's a -- I appreciate the color. And I guess, maybe thinking just one other question on the expense and then I'll get back in the queue. You did talk about the highly compensated seasonal spike that you have. The professional services were down $34 million, linked quarter. But remind be, isn't there usually in the second quarter that the other miscellaneous expenses usually have sort of a -- sort of catch-up after the sort of lower first quarter? Should we expect that same sort of ramp that we've seen in the last second to first quarter changes in that other expense line?
Rene F. Jones: I'm not sure -- well, one, if you look back, pick a period 5, 6 years, yes, you do see the decline in salaries and benefits and you should see a slight uptick in the -- in those categories. I'm not so sure whether that would be the case of not, Brian. I don't -- I haven't thought about it that much, but that would be typical, if that helps.
Brian Klock: Okay. And I guess, just with that, can you actually -- can you give us the actual amount of the stock-based compensation expense here in the first quarter and the FICA food and insurance expense items?
Rene F. Jones: How do I say this? The best I can do is, because what you have is we've also got other things that are in there, as well as sort of health savings account, things that are funded upfront. My sense is somewhere between $35 million to $40 million for all the items because -- somewhere in there. It doesn't all reverse itself right away because it gets smoothed out over the course of the rest of the year, right? But you should see somewhere in there would be the drop, I would expect.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Dan DelMoro: You actually have Dan DelMoro on the call. Matt is not able to hop on. A couple of questions. I just want to clarify on the NIM. NIM should have benefited this quarter from the troughs redemption. So as we look forward in the printed NIM, are you still expecting about the same decline outside of the core -- 2-bit core NIM compression?
Rene F. Jones: Yes, nothing has changed, if I get that right. I mean, to your specific item, we did that halfway through the quarter, right? So I guess there's still some benefit there. But I think all of that is really included in our thought that if we weren't adding unsecured debt and liquid securities, we'd be seeing about 2 basis points every quarter in compression.
Dan DelMoro: All right. Great. And just moving onto the fee income, you mentioned that most of your businesses bounced back in March after a slow January and February, which I'd assume is partly due to some of the extreme weather. Was there anything else to note that attributed to the weaker activity? And also, what's your overall rebound in March as we try to look forward?
Rene F. Jones: So that's a good question. I mean, it was very unusual in that almost everywhere you look, things were slow. So whether it'd be in our residential mortgage business, things were slow until we got the March, then we saw a pickup. If you go to loan volume in terms of pipeline, the same is true. If you look at our lock box volume, which is centered in upstate New York in the Mid-Atlantic, they would -- lock box in the first quarter volumes were significantly down, which is customer behavior, right? If you look at wires, handled out of our Western New York wire office, those were down significantly in January and February, picked up in March. If you look at debit card transactions, those were down, I think, 17% quarter-over-quarter but had an uptick in March. So almost every topic you looked at was affected. So my sense is, although I've not seen that before, that -- that it was something about the economy as a whole as opposed to something specific to M&T.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ryan Nash of Goldman Sachs.
Ryan M. Nash: Just first, another follow-up on the expenses. You talked about the $34 million decline in the professional fees. Can you just give us a sense of what really drove the decline this quarter? Was it the completion of CCAR? A milestone in the systems? And then when you think out, you're saying that we're going to see a decline post 3Q. What is the milestone that we're going to reach that will allow them to come down once you reach that point?
Rene F. Jones: Okay. Yes, sure, Brian. I mean, I guess, the best example I -- or logic I can give for the fourth quarter was that -- think about this. In order to be able to get to where we were at March 31 with the new program and onboarding all of our customers, most of the significant technology work on aggregating customers and focusing on gathering new information and putting those processes in, a lot of technology work is going to happen upfront because you can't begin those people-intensive process until you have your structure built. On top of that, all of the design of the program, using the outside consultants and ramping -- the ramp-up of the process, what I would suggest, one, it costs a lot, but then you become more efficient at the processes, as well. As you look through and remediate accounts, you become more efficient at that over time. So that's really what was behind -- a big part of what was behind the fourth quarter expenses being so high. It also -- to your point, a lot of what we've been doing over the course of last year on CCAR, I think was probably higher than it will be this year. Even though we'll continue to spend this year, that upfront engagement of what we're trying to do to meet the first test was pretty high. So I don't know if that helps, but that's kind of what we saw. And then I guess as we kind of move forward there, as -- we get the bulk of all of our processes in place and we're able to go back and look at how that new process affects our existing customer base, you begin, at some point, to start to move much more towards a normal process of rescreening your accounts and screening new accounts that are coming on, which is a much-less-costly process than kind of starting from where we are and looking at your existing book of, I think we've got 3.5 million customers and 5 million accounts, right? So you have to get through that whole process.
Ryan M. Nash: Got it. Just a follow-up on the LCR. And when you think about the additions that you've done over the past couple of quarters, securities book is up almost up 100%. And I know you're saying that you'll likely be where you need to be by the end of the year. But can you give us a sense of the magnitude of how far you think you are in terms of the securities additions? Will we have another step up from here or would you expect to continue at a pace somewhere to what we've seen in the past couple of quarters?
Rene F. Jones: I'd say we have got more work to do. I would say I was very pleased that we got a significant portion of what we need to do done in the first quarter. So more to do. And then I guess beyond there, it's hard to comment because we've got to see the rule, right? So and I think it's hard to suggest. But I think we're ahead of plan. And I think with that, you'll see a noticeable amount of new volume. But I think we're ahead of where we thought we would be.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Foran of Autonomous.
Brian Foran: Just following up on the January and February comments. Does it feel like all that activity was just lost and March is returning to kind of the run rate you had budgeted on these various metrics? Or are there some line items that could have a doubling-up affect in 2Q, for lack of a better term? So stuff that would have normally happened in 1Q getting pushed into 2Q, plus than normal volume that you would've expected in 2Q?
Rene F. Jones: I'd say, I don't know, Brian. I don't know. All I know is that March looked more normal. And if -- had February and January looked like March, we would have been happy. But it's hard to predict the customer behavior from here.
Brian Foran: Fair enough. And then going back to the annual letter. There were a couple of stats on the New Jersey build-out with 171 employees, $878 million in loans. I was wondering if you could just kind of give us a general update. How's that going, how are those lenders progressing and how's the business volume in New Jersey coming in this kind of interim period before Hudson City comes onboard?
Rene F. Jones: Yes. Thanks for the question. It's going very, very well. About a month-or-so ago, Kevin Pearson and I went down and we had a grand opening of our new New Jersey office, which means the majority of those folks that Bob listed, the 171 people, are all located in one particular office. And they have been generating business and working really well together. What's nice about it is that but for the fact that we don't have the branches, you've got every single M&T business division in that same office working together around leads. Both loans and deposits have been growing. I think Bob covered that in his stats in the message. So we've got a wealth management team set up there. So things look like it's going pretty well. And at some point in time, if we can get ourselves with a nice branch network behind us, it'll be a bonus on top of that. It kind of reminds me of -- if you've known M&T for a while, over the years, we've done -- we've been able to do a great deal of work at building a franchise or a community bank in places like Albany or the Hudson Valley before we were able -- ever able to have the benefit of a branch network. And I think there's something special about that. It builds a lot of character. So...
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: Just the umpteenth follow-up question on expenses, Rene, if I could. You mentioned that the expense base will remain elevated through 3Q, '14. So I guess, 2 follow-up questions from there. First, is it too optimistic to assume or project that the fourth quarter expense base could go down to the mid-$600 million level? And two, because of the staffing additions that you mentioned when you answered Brian's question, does the definition of a normal expense base for M&T, has it shifted from here, and how much has it shifted?
Rene F. Jones: Okay, so couple of things. So I guess, we were at $692 million in the first quarter and we've got some elevated salaries expense. But if you start there, you're already in the mid-600s, right? And then from there, you've got to think to the reasons why the expenses are elevated. So beyond BSA/AML, we are making improvements to our overall risk management structure because we're a larger institution. So while that spending is not as great, it'll probably last a little longer. And we talked about the build-out in the -- of our web banking platform and then investments we're making in that space and in the mobile space. So I think those will continue for a while. And then I think we've got one more -- another year of making sure that our capital planning process is really stable. So my sense is that it's not like a cliff. There's sort of a process we're going through, some of which will slow down at the end of this summer, but other things, which will continue and will reap the benefits over time. I think I said on the call last quarter that something -- that the idea that we would be the mid-55s and 50s number and an efficiency ratio was not unreasonable and it was in the long-term that a bank with this added infrastructure, because it's all leverageable, could operate in 50% to 55% space. And so that's how I would think about it in terms of long-term and maybe long-term efficiency ratio in those ranges.
Erika Najarian: Okay, that's very helpful. And just a quick follow-up question on the LCR. As I think about the full year, should earning asset growth continue to outpace the mid-single digit loan growth that you mentioned?
Rene F. Jones: Well, with the liquidity coverage ratio, that's just going to be the case, yes, until we get to where we need to be. So, yes. Which is the sort of issue of what will drive the non-core margin compression, but the cost of that is -- there's no negative impact on the dollar amount of NII.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Hagerman of Sterne Agee.
Todd L. Hagerman: René, just a couple of questions going back to the CCAR program. Number one, as you referred to in your remarks, I think that you're pretty much done on the preferred side, but I'd like to get a little bit more insight, if you could, just in terms of the net new capital issuance, if you will. With the Hudson City deal theoretically, the equity component moved up to 70% from 60%. I'm just wondering how we should think about that net new capital issue. And with the Fed's calculation on capital actions, your number went from 62 to 67. I'm just wondering if you could just provide a little bit more perspective behind that.
Rene F. Jones: Yes, the last one is easy. I don't know. 62, 67. Not my test, so I don't know. I was happy about it. The way to think about it, Todd, I guess, is that we were going into the test for the first time. And so that's one degree of uncertainty where all of the data that we've been submitted was going to run through to the Federal Reserves model. And then the other uncertainty is that we were doing just, I think, the only large bank transaction included in the stress test. So there was an amount of uncertainty there. And how do I think of uncertainty? I think we are very buttoned-down in terms of understanding the risks associated with Hudson City. We've looked at it a lot and we've looked at it for a long time now. But when you're taking something that -- an institution that's below $50 billion and you're running information on their mortgages and their data through a centralized stress test, again, there's uncertainty. So we just thought it was prudent to -- going into that situation, to assume that of the purchase price, we would assume that we would finance 70% of it. There's been no change in the agreement with the Hudson City and the Hudson City shareholders. That sort of brings me to sort of looking back at the economics. I mean, I think the way that we think about transactions whenever we talk to you about -- we announced that we're going to do a transaction and it makes economic sense. We are always starting with an internal rate of return that assumes 100% equity financing. And then we may choose to do 60% in the end or 70% or some other number, but what that means is that the return is that we told you upon announcement haven't changed. There's still 18-plus in terms of returns on IRR. And then to the extent that we -- we use less equity fine, that's a financing benefit. When we look at -- if we were to go through and use 70% in the transaction, as we look at the numbers, we still see a high-single digit accretion -- EPS accretion from the deal, high-single digit to low double-digit accretion, so not much has changed there. I think the one thing that we've noticed is that credit quality has improved at Hudson and -- which affects the marks in a positive way. And the other thing is that prepayment fees -- speeds have slowed, so it means that there's more net interest income than when we had originally announced the transaction and initial projections, right? So everything is held up well. I think our thought process was to try to be conservative and sort of help eliminate some of the uncertainties associated with putting that kind of a pro forma together and the test for the first time.
Todd L. Hagerman: Okay. So just to be clear, as you mentioned, this is not unusual, that you would go into the deal with 100% equity assumption, if you will. But then with that incremental 10%, you're talking more about -- or you still haven't figured out necessarily that incremental kind of 10% financing in terms of the structure that, that might take, if you will?
Rene F. Jones: No. I think the way I think about it is, at the time we get down to -- if and when we get down to that point, what we're committed to doing is making sure that our capital ratios are consistent with what we say in our stress test. And actually, for many, many years, we've made -- we've been very proud to do that with you folks. We're also doing that with our various regulatory bodies and that's how we're going to manage it to try to make sure we hit what we put in. I'll note, today, even today, if you look at the pace at which we generated capital in just the first 3 months, it's already higher than what we had in our base forecast ending up at 945. So we're generating capital quickly. As we get closer to a potential transaction there, we'll kind of make some decisions and decide what we need to do.
Todd L. Hagerman: Okay, great. And then just if I could, on the mortgage side, you mentioned a couple of the items related to the mortgage this quarter. I was just wondering, again, just with the volumes coming down in the quarter, you guys have actually been able to keep your numbers high relative to the industry in terms of both year-over-year, as well as sequentially. Was there any change in the MSR this quarter? Was there any other color that you could add in terms of just, like, for example, the margin, the gain on sale, I think you said that it was a gain, I think, on the commercial side was relatively stable. But I'm just interested, kind of how the MSR was treated this quarter and the margin on the gain on sale, or anything else that kind of contributed kind of to a more stable mortgage line relative to the industry?
Rene F. Jones: Yes, yes. I mean, so in terms of the -- stick to the residential side for a minute. On the residential side, I mean, the gain on sale was relatively flat. We saw about a 10% decline in locked volume. We saw a 7% decline in application volume. It matters that it's lower, it's a lower decline. But then if you go to the applications, the applications were up, right? So that kind of gives you some sense that the activity was weighted towards the end of the quarter, but no change really in the gain on sale margins and I don't really expect one. I think the residential business has been relatively stable. It's taken a couple of quarters to come down to a normalized level, we seem to be there. What else did I miss in your question? Is there anything else?
Todd L. Hagerman: In the MSR?
Rene F. Jones: No change in the MSR. We didn't have any material change in MSR this quarter.
Todd L. Hagerman: So with the application's up, if the pipeline has actually improved from year end going into April, it sounds like?
Rene F. Jones: Yes, slightly. It's up as opposed to what you saw in all of the lagging indicators.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe of Morgan Stanley.
Ken A. Zerbe: René, it seems like you were pretty negative on the CRE competition this quarter from the -- I think you said the conduit and the life insurers. What gives that to change? And do you expect it to change and also do you need it to change to get to your, I think it was mid-single digit loan growth or is most of that being pulled by C&I?
Rene F. Jones: No. I mean, I don't think we needed to change. I think this quarter -- I'm doing this off the top of my head, but in the last couple of quarters, our CRE growth has been about 2%. It was negative 1 annualized this quarter, so I don't know. Maybe that will bounce up and down. I don't expect us to see significant growth in CRE because of what you're saying in terms of the competition. And I think there are really 3 things, 3 broad things that are happening. One is what I mentioned and that's people looking for yields, so that's why you get the conduits where things are going into securities, you get the insurance companies who are also looking for yields. And so the low rate environment is driving that portion. Unless any of us expect that to change soon, my sense is that it will be around for a while. I think the second thing is that there's a whole another subset of folks, for example, who seem to be more aggressive in the multifamily space and I would assume it's because of the risk weighting on the assets. But relative to 1 year ago or so, we see more and more people interested in that multifamily space. And so I wouldn't expect that to change as well. I do anecdotally think that it has a lot to do with a favorable risk weighting, which in our mind, it tends to create risk in some way. So in those cases, we would tend to back away from those things, if the pricing and structure starts to fall outside of what we're normally comfortable with. And then finally, the third space is that we get a lot of competition from the smaller institutions, institutions that are smaller than us around in the community banking space. And I'm not sure, anecdotally, I know that, for example, as the FDIC rules change and as capital changes, we're building those into our models as RMs are making decisions every day. And it often wonders to me whether the smaller institutions are doing that as quickly and/or whether or not they've got a reprieve from some of the rules that's having an effect. So how you look at all of those things, I can't imagine that we're going to see any change in the pace there. And so when I think about mid-single digit, I'm really thinking about the commercial bank as a whole. I'm throwing out the resi real estate because that's just really held-for-sale stuff. And I think we're probably pretty close -- we're probably like 3% growth even with the down quarter in CRE this quarter when you combine C&I and CRE.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Keith Murray of ISI.
Keith Murray: Just on the fee side, you mentioned the mid-single digits fee income growth outlook. What's the base that you're starting that from, the dollar amount?
Rene F. Jones: Last year.
Keith Murray: So full year '13.
Rene F. Jones: Yes, yes. You got to throw out the security gains and the nonsense there. But just those regular categories, I think, without the securities gains, that's what we're looking at.
Keith Murray: The core fees. Okay. And then within the trust fees, just curious given the market backdrop, what's holding it back there? Is it fee waivers on the money market fund side? What's the right way to think about that line item going forward?
Rene F. Jones: Well, definitely, fee waivers are there, but that's in the base. I mean, that's been for a very long time so you've got upside there as rates turn around. But I think for us, we've had year-over-year, I think the trust number first quarter was flat. I think from time to time, we have -- what we refer to is nonrecurring fees, but I don't think that's the right term. So for state fees and lumpiness and so forth. And we were on the downside this quarter. And so that was sort of led to our comments that we wouldn't be surprised to see it be a little stronger as we move into the rest of the year.
Keith Murray: Okay. And then back on loan pricing, you're just talking it. Given Basel III, LCR, et cetera, are you guys feel like you're pricing loans today for the current regulatory environment, meaning do you feel like you're ahead of the industry? And how much catch-up do you think the industry has to play and how long will that take?
Rene F. Jones: Well, I think -- I think, if I look at our statistics over many, many quarters, our pricing has been relatively consistent and we're reflecting the changes in the cost structure in a way that says the returns are a little lower than they used to be. But the pricing is relatively consistent. And the way I would characterize it is we're in there with the competition so we don't set the price, per se, but we compete. So that's driven mostly by the market. I think the way to look at it is there are certain triggers that we just don't like to go through in terms of what we're generating in terms of pricing and ROEs. Having said that, the other part of it is structure. And when I mentioned the commercial real estate process, there's been some structural issues, people are willing to go 10 years on things that we might go 5. So I think what's going to slow us down is probably if that continues to change and hit sort of a lower-level triggers. It's not broad-based, but we've seen, here and there, we could get -- beat out on the price on the CRE deal by 100 basis points. So if that continues and the number of times that continues goes up, I think you're going to see us be relatively slow. But if you go back to 2004, that's what was going on with us as well. We had almost no growth, particularly in New York City. And we couldn't quite understand it. We just felt the pricing was irrational. And lo and behold, you could kind of see that in the aftermath, that it was.
Keith Murray: And just last one, I don't know if you had much back-and-forth with the Fed, post the CCAR results, but just curious if you've got any color on the RWA difference between your [indiscernible] forecast and what the Fed had in their numbers?
Rene F. Jones: No, I don't know. But I would sort of just -- I don't know that I would work too much into it and especially given that we were in the middle of our CCAR submission, we're combining 2 banks and all of that, there's a lot of moving parts. But I don't have insight into what drove the change.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Bob Ramsey of FBR Capital Markets.
Bob Ramsey: Really almost everything has been asked, but I'm just curious, on the trading account and FX gains line, that seemed particularly light this quarter. Was there anything unusual? And on a go-forward basis, when you talk about your full year fee income guidance, does that kind bump back into an $8 million to $10 million a quarter range?
Rene F. Jones: Yes, it was down, I think there's 2 things that are in there. One in particular is just movements with the market because it's the other side of some of our postretirement benefits that are there. But the other thing that's in there is our customer swap business. And so there was a lot of activity in the fourth quarter. That activity was just quiet, just like everything else, right? So my sense is that's very dependent upon rates. And if you were to see the rates come back down, then you get more activity going on there where people try to lock in to fix. And so that, if you look at what's happened recently, that would -- either your account would be right. I don't know about the exact dollar amount, but that's what the movement is.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. And on the deposit service fees, they were obviously down year-over-year. I know you mentioned NSF. Is it -- as you sort of billed to the mid-single digit growth and all fee income year-over-year, is the expectation deposit service fees are lighter this year than last, as this quarter was lighter than last? Or did you get some sort of bounce back on that line?
Rene F. Jones: Yes, I do think so. I think that is definitely the case. I mean, if you get away from M&T and you look at national trends, there's a change in behavior that people are seeing, which is that there are fewer and fewer NSF-eligible type transactions, which I guess at the end of the day is a good thing. Customers said they're really understanding how the process works and they're adjusting their behavior, which is probably what you want to have happen.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Gerard S. Cassidy: Bob mentioned in his letter to shareholders that the regulatory costs now represents just over 10% of your total operating expenses. Is that a number that we should kind of keep in mind going forward, that it will remain that elevated into the indefinite future?
Rene F. Jones: I know we'll spend -- my gut is that we'll spend more this year than we did last year. And then the question will become, how do we -- look, what's happened is that the regulation has come very fast. And so we had to -- we and other institutions have had to react to that change very rapidly. So you have existing processes in the bank and so really what you're doing is you're adding onto them and not necessarily with the time it takes to rethink everything. So my sense is, just pure numbers, it will be higher this year in 2014, but then we'll begin to start looking at -- we'll begin to start looking at how we are able to achieve those things in a more efficient manner and maybe it means that stuff starts to level off or come down a little bit. But there's still a lot of regulation that needs to get put in place, right? So I don't know if that helps. That's why we actually put it out there. We track it. It tells us a lot about what's going on in the industry. We'll continue to do it.
Gerard S. Cassidy: Sure. Yes, you also pointed out, I think there are still hundreds of regulations, part of Dodd-Frank, that still need to be implemented. Can you share with us, you mentioned how the securities book increased, obviously, for LCR, what's the duration of your total investment portfolio today?
Rene F. Jones: Yes. If you would ask me that a couple of years ago, I think it was about 2.5 and now it's something like 4.7, 4.8. So if you look at that, in one sense, you could get alarmed by it. But I think the thing to think about is, as we moved from that 2.5 to 4, whatever, what we've been doing is we've been -- to the best of our ability, as we add those securities, we're trying to match it. So you saw the $1.5 billion, which was 5s and 3s, right? So that's sort of right in that space. So I think from a risk management perspective, we're probably about the same risk profile. But cosmetically, that number looks a little worse or a little longer.
Gerard S. Cassidy: Do you guys do stress testing of that portfolio should long term rates rise by 100 basis point, how they -- what the duration extension would be, and what it does to the value of the portfolio?
Rene F. Jones: We do -- I don't know if I have that exact number because we tend to look at the whole balance sheet as a whole, right? So we're looking at -- I don't think you're asking, so I won't give it to you, but it's 100 up and 100 down on NII. So yes, again, I don't know, Gerard. I mean, we can look at that, but I don't know that we would probably publish that because, at the end of the day, it's sort of about managing the whole balance sheet, right?
Gerard S. Cassidy: Oh, yes. No, no, I agree. Unfortunately, all the banks are going to -- have to mark that securities portfolio through capital should rates ever rise, but that was really the question, so -- but I understand looking at the whole balance sheet, absolutely.
Rene F. Jones: Yes. We do, do that in our stress test, regardless of the fact that because we're under $250 million and $1 billion in assets, we have the ability to -- we don't have to do that method. We still actually run through that whole process of understanding what it would be in that situation. But I don't think -- I think the way the rules are written, you're not going to end up being longer than anybody. Everybody is going to be right in about the same place. And it's pretty short, actually, in total, I think.
Gerard S. Cassidy: Okay. M&T over the years has been a very strong manager of their capital. Now we, of course, have Dodd-Frank and you've got to carry a lot more capitals similar to your peers. And with the Tier 1 common ratio today well over 9%, even when you went through your stress test I think you came out with about 6.7% stress ratio. What's the ideal Tier 1 common ratio that you think -- once all of this is behind us, you've got your BSA/AML all taken care of, Hudson City is on board. So if we look out a couple of years, where is the comfortable level on capital?
Rene F. Jones: So the way I think about it, Gerard, is that -- you describe it well, I mean, we spend a lot of time understanding the risk in our balance sheet, the capital, how much it could fluctuate over the years. And we've done a pretty good job of managing it. But now the standards are a little different, right? So the standard is that not only do we have to do that, but on a national level, we have to go through the same exact test as everybody else. And I think the first part of my answer is that we're still going to a place where we want to make sure that those levels are predictable. Not our own internal models, but also the external models. And so we're very pleased about where we came out, going into the test with a 9.1% capital and coming out sort of in the middle of the pack, we think begins to show -- fit the risk profile of the institution. And as we get more comfortable with that, I think what you'll see is that we'll start getting right back into the process of making sure that if we have excess capital because it doesn't make sense to make loans, we'll have to try to figure out ways to give that back. It's just sort of where we are in the maturity of the process that sort of puts us, makes us reluctant to sort of talk about a particular number. And I think you'll learn more about that as we go through this year. And then I think once we go through one more test, it will be very clear and we can talk about it. But you got to -- unless you have transparency there and you're talking about the target ratio, when you give back capital, when you don't have a use for it, it's hard to sort of get -- to be really efficient. The other thing I would mention is that because we've held off on a number of things, we're not exactly very efficient today in the rest of the capital structure that we have. We still have a lot of sub-debt that's sitting around that is probably not necessary now. We have a fair amount of hybrids that are sitting around that are no longer necessary. In the past, we would probably start to begin to fine-tune that, but as you know, the way in which we're able to do that is go through to the next test and then -- right? And then ask for it then. So it takes a little longer to get there. I would hope that as we saw on the test that it's starting to tell us that we're getting right about to where we need to be. And as long as we can continue to perform that way, then I think you'll start to shape out -- that answer will start to round out for you.
Gerard S. Cassidy: And then, finally, I know you guys touched upon it in your -- Bob did in the shareholder letter about the amount of money you're spending on technology and for customer service, the ATM machines, et cetera, the upgrades there. Can you share with us on the mobile channel that you're using a metric or 2 on how many people are using and some of your competitors, for example, will give us the amount of deposits you're taking through the mobile channel. Do you have a similar number available?
Rene F. Jones: No, I actually don't have, Gerard. And I think today, it would be fair to say that that's not a large number for us. I think the way we're thinking about the use of those types of products and other things, you saw for example that this quarter -- you didn't see, but this quarter, we completed the rollout of our image ATMs in Delaware, which is the last place that we needed to have them across our network. So if you look at all of those things, we're trying to figure out how to use those devices to have a lower cost delivery system on the one hand. And then in places where we do not have a branch network, we're trying to figure out if those types of things can actually help us, right, in the absence of a branch network. So that's the way I would think about it. But we're in the early stages and I don't think sort of just the raw numbers would be maybe significant relative to some of the large national players.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Burnell of Wells Fargo Securities.
Matthew H. Burnell: Just one of the follow-up in some of your commentary on commercial lending. First of all, you mentioned you'd seen some strength both in New York Metro and in Pennsylvania. Just curious if you have any -- if you'd provide some color relative to some of the other markets, both Upstate New York and maybe closer to the D.C. area. And then any update on your commercial lending utilization rate would be appreciated.
Rene F. Jones: Yes, sure. Let me start at the back of that. I think last call, I mentioned something around 57%, 58% utilization. If I go and just focus just on the commercial bank, that number is a little different. That number last quarter would be about 51.7% and then this quarter would be about 52.1%, so just a slight uptick. And that's probably, if you look back over the quarters, you don't see much change quarter-to-quarter, but you've seen a positive trend overall. So that's across the commercial bank network. And then the performance sort of varies by product by region. So we saw, for example in Western New York, while we didn't have double-digit growth, in C&I, we had 4% annualized growth, as well as in commercial real estate. And then if you kind of flip down to Baltimore, Baltimore was soft on the C&I side, it was down 3% annualized, but it was pretty strong in the real estate side, which is 7% annualized growth there. So it's relatively mixed, which I think is good. I think particularly if pricing and competition continues to get frothy, what's nice about our model is we can sort of bounce around and focus on the opportunities that makes sense for us and so you'll see a shift there. So it's pretty varied across the regions.
Matthew H. Burnell: Okay. And then we constantly hear, at least media reports, suggesting that mid-sized business and smaller businesses are being a little bit left behind in terms of C&I growth. Are you seeing any greater demand from those types of borrowers across your markets than you saw perhaps 6 to 12 months ago?
Rene F. Jones: No. We're not seeing any change in business banking but -- no, I don't think so. I mean, if you look at the numbers, I guess, we've been creeping up in the larger space, in the middle market companies. But I would suggest is if you take our whole book, we tend to bank smaller companies as a whole, right? And so we're probably a proxy for business banking across the U.S. and we haven't seen much of a change.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin: Just a couple of quick ones. First of all, can you quantify for us what the preferred dividend will look like going forward after this issuance run rates?
Rene F. Jones: I don't know if I can off the top of my head. I'm willing to.
Kenneth M. Usdin: I can follow up off-line on that.
Rene F. Jones: Well, no, what I would tell you is that it was light. It was light in the first quarter because we didn't declare the dividend on the new preferred. So I'll give you that. And then we will -- maybe we'll put something in our 10-Q, so that you guys can see that.
Kenneth M. Usdin: So importantly, it steps up with this one now starting to pay in the second?
Rene F. Jones: Yes, yes, yes. [indiscernible]
Kenneth M. Usdin: And then second question is, René, you've got $3 billion of cash on both an average and period end. And I'm wondering just, how do we think about that cash and then also your securities to earning assets ratio? Where do you think it should level out as you continue the LCR when you think about securities to earning assets and whether or not you're just living with an extra amount of cash that may or may not get invested over time?
Rene F. Jones: On the cash side, a lot of this is driven by our Wilmington business. And when we first came together, that number was about $2 billion of excess cash that Wilmington sort of brought to table. And now that's as high as, maybe $3.9 billion. And I guess, we're still learning about the -- as we go through the cycles on how sticky that is and what's a normal run rate tranche there. Today, we assume it's about $2 billion and we're running higher than that. So we don't do much associated with those funds, we don't really count them in our liquidity profile beyond that. And the -- I mean, you'll see it tick up a little bit and it's just going to stay there. I don't know how to answer it any different. We're just about getting to where we should be in terms of securities to total assets, but then it won't come down because that's how the coverage ratio works, right?
Kenneth M. Usdin: Yes. I was just wondering more if there's just -- how much -- I know you're saying you're still building, but you used to have the lowest amount of loans to earning assets, highest amount of loans to earning assets, now we're growing. The follow-up question I just want to ask is, you mentioned a couple basis points of core, of the pricing compression. In this quarter, we had 4 basis points from the LCR. And so, again, if we're presuming we're still similar kind of growing into the LCR, then does that presume that all things equal, we're kind of still seeing the 6 basis points of margin compression until that investments is complete?
Rene F. Jones: Yes. I mean, I'm not sure about the exact number, but you're thinking about it the right way.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sameer Gokhale of Janney Capital.
Sameer Gokhale: Most of them have been answered, but just a couple of ones. In terms of commentary, René, about loan growth and competition. And it sounded like you said some competitors were extending loan terms and the like. And it just seemed a little surprising to me in light of the regulatory environment that competitors are able to do that. It seems like regulatory have most banks sort of in a box dictating how much they can grow. So I'd like to get your perspective on that. And also, I know you run your bank pretty conservatively in the past, so I'm assuming you haven't changed LTVs much, particularly in the C&I side, so if you could just talk about that also, that would be helpful.
Rene F. Jones: Yes. I mean, again, I'm going in reverse, we haven't changed anything in terms of loan-to-values. We tend to be relatively conservative. In part, we can do that because we're banking for the most part our customers or clients who we've known for a very, very long time, right, and who know us and sort of know what our standards are. So that's not changing at all. Your question is a fantastic one. I've been thinking about it a lot. I don't really know the answer. I don't know if everybody is under the same pressure or scrutiny. But it is surprising what you see. And quite frankly, I think in general, with the larger players seem to be much more rational, which is consistent with the fact that everybody is going through the same new regulations and oversight and capital testing. I don't know what to think about the smaller folks and maybe some folks that are outside of the banking industry. And I think that's a good topic to follow going forward because you've got to wonder whether the risk is controlled or the risk is moving, right? But I don't know enough to figure -- to have an answer to that.
Sameer Gokhale: Okay. And then, you'd also talked about how conduits and insurance companies seeking yield who were essentially driving some of the price competition in the CRE market. And clearly the conduits are real estate investment conduits of some sort. But is there anything that precludes structurally these insurance companies from being a greater competitive force on the C&I side, or is that something that could happen going forward? Just want to get a sense for -- if it's just a matter of a yield differential. Any color on that?
Rene F. Jones: Well, the way I think about it is, those 2 are proxies for investments, right, and people seeking returns. So that's going to be driven heavily by the level of interest rates. I wouldn't expect to see competition on the C&I side because the loan part of that is just one of the things that we do. All of the ability to do cash management and help them, as I mentioned, lockbox and all those types of services, right, are really the core of what we do for those clients. Lending is just one component. So it will be very hard for an institution without those capabilities to compete with the large commercial bank.
Sameer Gokhale: Okay, that's helpful. And then just my last question. I know you've been asked this question about BSA/AML probably 10 different ways, so I'll go -- I'll ask the 11th time in a different way. But in thinking about your expenses there in light of the fact that you went through the stress test and passed and I know you're saying there's more work to be done there, but the fact that you passed the stress test, doesn't that sort of imply that you're -- not to put a number out there, but I will, does it imply that you're seeing 90% of the way done simply because if you went that far along in the process then that could have been one of the issues that regulators could have balked at on a qualitative front. So why would that be the wrong way to think about it and doesn't it suggest that you're being somewhat conservative when you're thinking about expenses related to BSA/AML, expecting somewhat of a benefit in Q4? Could we see a benefit before that?
Rene F. Jones: Okay. So this is -- thank you for the question. First, the regulatory environment is not going to change in the next couple of years. There's still a lot of regulation that's coming out. And there's been a fast change, so it's going to take a time to really embed those processes into what we do on a day-to-day basis. The other thing is just step back and think about maybe use like asset liability across the seasoned banks, right? So those things are extremely mature. As you see with liquidity coverage ratio, we're going to be running liquidity every -- on a daily basis. We've been there on asset liability for a very long time. The capital planning processes have to mature as well and that systems, people, repeatable process, right? So you've got to imagine that where we're going to get to is not a place where we're running an annual test or biannual test. But at any point in time, that as we're putting on business in our portfolios that change the risk profile, that we're going to be able to see those things real-time. So that is not a short-term test. And as some of my colleagues are telling me here, I guess the phrase is, "The bar is getting higher," and I think that will continue to happen. I think relative to maybe the 18 that have been through this a couple of years before us, we're probably a year behind them in terms of what we need to do. So a lot of work to be done there. And so I wouldn't expect to see any slowdown on that front.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jennifer Thompson of Portales Partners.
Jennifer A. Thompson: All of my questions have already been answered.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I will now turn the call to Don MacLeod for any additional or closing remarks.
Donald J. MacLeod: Again, thank you, all, for participating today. And as always, if clarification of any of items on the call or the news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations Department at area code (716) 842-5138. Goodbye.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude the M&T Bank First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-17 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jackie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the M&T Bank's Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Don MacLeod, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Donald J. MacLeod: Thank you, Jackie, and good morning. This is Don MacLeod. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it, along with the financial tables and schedules, from our website at www.mtb.com and by clicking on the Investor Relations link. Also, before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on Forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now I'd like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, René Jones.
Rene F. Jones: Thank you, Don, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. As we noted in the press release, M&T's results for the fourth quarter included an elevated level of professional services expense, reflecting our continued focus on building out our regulatory, risk management and technology infrastructure, including our BSA/AML compliance program. This represents our second quarter in a row where our costs are above what we would consider the natural level required to operate the bank, even in what was we might refer to as the new banking environment. More positive elements in the recent quarter's results included higher fee revenue and continued improvement in our credit, capital and liquidity measures. I'll review a few highlights from both the quarter and the past year, after which, Don and I will be happy to take your questions. Turning to the specific numbers. Diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $1.74 during the period, compared with $2.11 in last year's third quarter and $2.16 in 2012's fourth quarter. Net income for the recent quarter was $246 million, compared with $294 million in the prior quarter. Net income was $296 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. Recall that M&T's results for the third quarter of 2013 included gains in connection with our securitization of FHA loans to Ginnie Mae securities, which we retained in our investment portfolio, and our securitization of indirect auto loans, which were not retained. These transactions contributed $34 million to net income for that quarter, or $0.26 per common share. Since 1998, M&T has consistently provided supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis, from which we exclude the after-tax effect of amortization of intangible assets, as well as expenses and gains associated with mergers and acquisitions when they occur. After tax expenses from the amortization of intangible assets were $6 million, or $0.05 per common share, in each of the third and fourth quarters of 2013. M&T's net operating income for the fourth quarter, which excludes intangible amortization, was $252 million, compared with $301 million in the linked quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $1.79 for the recent quarter compared with $2.16 in the linked quarter. Net operating income yielded annualized rates of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders' equity of 1.22% and 14.12% for the recent quarter. The comparable returns were 1.48% and 17.64% in the third quarter of 2013. In accordance with SEC guidelines, this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results, including tangible assets and equity. Turning to the balance sheet and the income statement. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $673 million for the fourth quarter of 2013, down by $7 million from the linked quarter. The net interest margin was 3.56% during the quarter, down 5 basis points, compared with 3.61% in the third quarter. While average earnings assets increased by some 2% annualized, as compared with the prior quarter, the mix of those assets changed primarily as a result of the securitization transactions we undertook in the third quarter. The results included a $1.4 billion increase in average investment securities, offset by $1.3 billion of decrease in average loans. We estimate that this shift in the mix of earnings assets accounts for about 3 basis points of the linked quarter decline in the margin. The core margin pressure, which is primarily the result of new loans coming on at rates lower than those maturing, and which is partially offset by lower cost of funds, amounted to about 2 basis points and was in line with our prior outlook. On an end-of-period basis, investment securities were about $500 million higher at December 31, as compared with the end of the prior quarter, which reflects further use of the proceeds from the third quarter's auto loan securitization to purchase additional liquid investment securities. Average total loans declined by 8% annualized from third quarter, also reflecting the impact of the securitizations, as well as a reduction in our portfolio of held-for-sale residential mortgages, mortgage loans which reflect the reduced level of mortgage refinancing activity that we're seeing. Average commercial and industrial loans, which were not impacted by the securitizations, grew by a healthy 7% annualized. That growth came from the typical seasonal recovery in Floor Plan loans, as well as a fairly strong growth in the mid-Atlantic where C&I loans increased at a 14% annualized rate, and in Metropolitan New York -- and in the Metropolitan New York City area, which increased by 13%. C&I loans declined slightly in Upstate and Western New York and in Pennsylvania. Average commercial real estate loans grew at an annualized pace of 2%. CRE lending was strongest in Tarrytown, Philadelphia and New Jersey, while CRE lending in New York City has become more competitive, and the portfolio declined slightly. Adjusting for the auto loans securitization, average consumer loans grew at an annualized 3%; while on an end of period basis, they grew at an annualized 5%. All of that improvement was in the indirect auto portfolio, while other consumer categories remained sluggish. Overall, I would say that while the marketplace remains very competitive, we were able to maintain discipline in the fourth quarter and originated loans at acceptable margins. Average core customer deposits, which exclude deposits received at M&T's Cayman Islands office and CDs over $250,000, grew at an annualized pace of 8% from the third quarter. We continue to maintain a high level of excess funds at the Fed, averaging $2.8 billion for the quarter, reflecting a high level of deposits by institutional trust customers. Turning to net interest -- turning to noninterest income, noninterest income totaled $446 million in the quarter compared to $477 million in the prior quarter. Of course, the third quarter figure included the securitization gains I referred to earlier, which totaled $56 million before taxes. Mortgage banking revenues increased to $82 million in the recent quarter, up $17 million from $65 million in the prior quarter. This includes 3 components: Residential gain on sale revenues were $15 million for the fourth quarter, a decline of $3 million from the third quarter; residential origination volumes declined by about 25% from the third quarter to approximately $800 million; while residential gain on sale margins actually expanded about 10 basis points. Residential mortgage servicing revenues grew by $13 million to $46 million in the fourth quarter. The increase reflects the impact from a full quarter of revenue from the sub-servicing contract that we entered into during the third quarter. On the commercial side of mortgage banking, gain on sale revenues grew by $6 million, returning to more normalized levels after a weak third quarter. Fee income from deposit service charges were $110 million during the fourth quarter, compared with $114 million on a linked quarter, primarily due to lower levels of consumer activity. Trust and investment revenues were $126 million, up $2 million from $124 million in the prior quarter and up $9 million or 8% from a year-ago quarter. Turning to expenses. As we've noted for some time now, we continue to make investments in our risk management and compliance framework in the areas discussed earlier. We also continue to invest in our technology infrastructure, including the new data center here in Buffalo, an enterprise data warehouse project, which will allow us to centralize and improve access to customer information for both regulatory reporting and our own internal use. And the new Web Banking platform, which goes live this weekend. As a result, our operating expenses have risen meaningfully from what we think -- what we would think of as our normal ongoing expense levels. Operating expenses for the fourth quarter, which excluded expenses from amortization of intangible assets, were $693 million, up $45 million from the $648 million in the prior quarter, and up $81 million from the $612 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. The primary driver of the linked-quarter increase was professional services, which increased by $42 million compared with the third quarter, and by $50 million from the year-ago quarter -- $51 million from the year-ago quarter. In the fourth quarter, about $25 million, or nearly 60% of the increase in those expenses, was related to regulatory activities and projects for items such as the customer multifactor risk-rating model that was developed for our BSA/AML initiative, as well as further development and validation of models used in connection with the CCAR stress-testing framework. An additional $7 million of the linked-quarter increase was related to the technology infrastructure project that I mentioned. In total, an excess of 50% of the $81 million increase in expenses from the fourth quarter of 2012 could be attributable to the ramp-up of our spending on BSA/AML and in preparation for CCAR 2014. Looking ahead, operating expenses, particularly for professional services tied to our BSA/AML initiative, will remain elevated through March of 2014, although likely at a running rate below what we saw in the fourth quarter. While it is difficult to predict the quarterly spending patterns for all professional services as we meet our expected milestones over the course of 2014, our quarterly rate of professional services spending should ramp down further as we progress into the latter part of the year. The efficiency ratio, which excludes securities gains and losses as well as the intangible amortization and then merger-related expenses, was 61.9% for the fourth quarter compared with 56.0% in the prior quarter. And the efficiency ratio for the full year of 2013 was 56.2%, unchanged from 2012. Next, let's turn to credit. Our credit quality remained strong and in line with our expectations. Nonaccrual loans declined by $45 million from the end of the third quarter. The ratio of nonaccrual loans to total loans declined by 8 basis points to 1.36% as of the end of the fourth quarter. And when we file our 10-K in a month or so, I expect we'll report another meaningful decline in classified loans as well. Net charge-offs for the fourth quarter were $42 million compared with $48 million in the third quarter. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of loans were 26 basis points for the fourth quarter, improved slightly from 29 basis points in the third quarter. The provision for credit losses was $42 million in the fourth quarter. The allowance for credit losses was $917 million, amounting to 1.43% of loans at the end of the year. The loan-loss allowance as of December 31, 2013, was 5.5x annualized net charge-offs. Loans 90 days past due, on which we continue to accrue interest, excluding acquired loans that have been marked to fair value at acquisition, were $396 million at the end of the quarter. Of these loans, $298 million or 81% are guaranteed by government-related entities. Accruing loans 90 days past due was $340 million at the end of the third quarter, of which 94% were guaranteed by government agencies. Turning to capital. M&T's Tier 1 common capital ratio was an estimated 9.25% at the end of December, up 17 basis points from 9.08% at the end of the third quarter. Our estimated tier -- our estimated common equity Tier 1 ratio, under the recently adopted Basel III capital rules, is approximately 9.01%. M&T's Tier 1 common ratio has increased by some 168 basis points since the end of 2012, while our tangible common equity has grown $1.2 billion, or a 20% increase. Over the same period, tangible book value per share grew by 18% to 52.64% -- I'm sorry, $52.64. Before we turn to the outlook, let me take a minute to cover the full year results for 2013. Diluted earnings per common share were $8.38, an increase of 11%. Net income was $1.2 billion, which represents a 13% year-over-year increase. GAAP-basis net income, expressed as the rate of return on average assets and average common equity, was 1.39% and 11.18%, respectively, improved from 1.29% and 10.96% in 2012. Net operating income, which excluded the amortization and merger-related expenses, was again $1.2 billion, an increase of 12% from the prior year. Diluted net operating income per share was $8.60 per share, an increase of 10% from 2012, and the rate of return on tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders' equity for 2013 was 1.5% and 18.17%, respectively. Let me turn to the outlook. Based on our perceptions on where the economy and interest rates are headed, our outlook has not changed meaningfully from the one that we offered you at this time last year. On a core basis, before the steps we've needed to take -- that we need to take to come into compliance with the LCR rules, we're thinking that loan growth next year will be in the low- to mid-single-digit range, maybe closer to mid-single digit if you adjust for the securitizations. On that same basis, and based on where the forward curve is, we're expecting somewhat less NIM compression than in 2013. At present, we'd estimate about 2 basis points per quarter. These factors should combine to produce some modest growth in net interest income. However, beyond our base case outlook, we need to factor in the impact from the additional actions that we will take to reach full compliance for the liquidity coverage ratio by the end of the year, and we have made good progress on the LCR compliance, but we have further actions to take. For example, we need to continue to build our liquid asset buffer of MBS and treasury securities and issue unsecured bank notes to fund that buffer. We expect there will be limited, if any, negative impact on net interest income, but the reported net interest margin will likely be diluted. And we'll keep you updated as we take these actions over the course of 2014. We're expecting mid-single-digit fee revenue growth in 2014, including the benefit from a full year of revenue from the sub-servicing contract. And as noted earlier, expenses will be elevated well into the second half of 2014, but at a rate below what we saw in the fourth quarter. And our goal is to be well positioned on expenses as we enter 2015. Consistent with the past, we will see our usual seasonal rise in salaries and benefits in the first quarter, which was about $37 million in 2013. The outlook for credit is stable. There are no signs of turn in asset quality. With regard to Hudson City, our December announcement represents our expectation that we'll be able to meet our milestones for BSA/AML project -- for the project over the course of the year and give regulators time to assess the progress that we've made before the end of the year. We are very focused on implementing a high-quality BSA/AML compliance program, one that will set this industry standard and position us for the future. Over the course -- of course, as you're aware, our projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national, regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events and other macroeconomic factors, which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. Lastly, on a personal note, we would like to acknowledge the resignation of our friend and mentor, Mike Pinto. As you know, Michael has scaled back to a limited but important role focusing on several key initiatives. Many of you have dealt with Michael also know that it will be impossible to replace somebody with his knowledge of the industry and of M&T. Over the past 20 years that I've worked with Michael and over the nearly 30 years that he's worked with all of us at M&T, he's helped us to understand what's important in running a bank. As a result, he leaves a cohort of protégés that have absorbed that knowledge thoroughly and who, I'm confident, will represent him well. Now let's open up the call to questions, before which Jackie will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin: René, just on the expense side. Understanding your point that it's tough to predict what consulting is going to look like. But if we take your comment that the delta has been about, I guess, $40 million of excess consulting, just -- would you expect that we would be ending next year expenses kind of more towards this quarter minus that benefit? Like do you think you'll get through all of the excess consulting by the end of next year?
Rene F. Jones: Well, it's a good question, Ken, thanks. So the first thing I would point out is that the $42 million, as you mentioned, was this quarter. We saw a very similar increase last quarter. So we are very helpless -- we're well above our normal run rate on professional services expense. I think, as we look at the expense base in the fourth quarter, in some ways it appears to be a high, and we would expect that as we kind of move into the next year, that they'll remain elevated and then taper off, kind of what you're saying. But the question is, how fast will it come down. So I think we should see meaningfully lower expenses by the time we get to the fourth quarter, but I also think that expenses will likely be able to come down further from there, all right? The one thing I would point out is that, as we begin to think about the work we have to do over the course of, let's say, the next 3 quarters on BSA/AML and some of the initiatives that we have, to the extent that we think we need to go faster, we'll just ramp that up and that would sort of mean that expenses would be higher than we thought. But I don't think the total investment is really going to change at all. So that's why I'd say it's a bit hard to predict because we're sort of making sure that we stay on track with our progress. And if that means the timing of the expenses changes, so be it.
Kenneth M. Usdin: That's fair. And just one other question about the fee guidance. When you're talking about mid-single digit, I'm wondering just against what base you're comparing it to. And then also a little color on what you think will drive stronger fee growth next year.
Rene F. Jones: I think -- I'll go backwards. I think it will go across the board. We've seen nice growth, 5%, 5-plus percent each of the last 2 years in the trust business. We've seen okay growth in deposit service charges. And then, again, as we look at what we're doing with the mortgage servicing, you should get some lift from that coming late in half of the year. So there's no one particular category. One of the things I'm curious about is that commercial banking fees were somewhat light this year, and I think that's a reflection of lower activity, but as the economy picks up, that would be another space that I would expect to see maybe recover a bit from what we saw this year.
Kenneth M. Usdin: Okay. Last quick one. Can you just give us an update of where the Basel III ratio approximated?
Rene F. Jones: Yes. It's -- this quarter, fully-phased, and we believe it is 9.01%.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Klock with Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods.
Brian Klock: So, again, I guess another question on the expense side. I guess, thinking about the BSA/AML investment and the milestones you talked about, you know that you guys have set for this year, obviously, to hit those, and then get ready for that resolution and then onto the Hudson City merger. I guess, when you're think about the total investment, can you give us an idea of maybe expected percentage of completion, if you will, by the first quarter, second quarter, third quarter next year that you would be 50% through, or 75% through? Is there any other way to think about how we should be thinking about, maybe how quickly that investment may taper off as we go through next year?
Rene F. Jones: Well, I don't know if I can give a better answer than I just gave on the pace of the expenses. But I think the way to think about it, Brian, is that you can't give a measure of completions because it's a dynamic process. So we work with our teams to build out a process. We go through that, we have those processes validated by outside parties. To the extent that there's more to work to be done, we go in and we fix that and it's iterative, it's an iterative process. We draw leads at some point in the process where we feel that we'll be ready and confident that we can have the regulators come in and take a look and have the time to do what they need to do. So in my mind, it doesn't work like that in terms of percentage of completion. But having said that, we think that our expenses will probably remain elevated for the next 2 or 3 quarters. And I wouldn't see -- I would see after that, that much of the sort of outside expense should be behind it. The thing to think about is, we've also added a lot of folks, I didn't give the numbers here, but we've added a lot of folks over the course of the year. And the reason that we've done that is to sort of build our permanent infrastructure. So as we sort of get through the project phase, we will not be dependent upon all of those professional services. So as you look at where that was, I think we spent maybe $134 million on professional services in this quarter, and I don't have the number for last quarter, but maybe it was $80 million or something. All right, so you can get a sense, if you look back at those numbers over time, how much they've ramped up and what likely a normal run rate would be without them with all other projects.
Brian Klock: Got it. That's helpful. And I guess, thinking -- you said that $25 million of the linked-quarter increase this quarter, there was also -- not only just BSA/AML, but there is some CCAR-related -- I mean, I guess in the $25 million, I guess, the CCAR, we'd start to see that drop off as we get past the first quarter of '14, right? So is there a way to kind of parse out how much of that CCAR may go away as we look into the sequential quarters?
Rene F. Jones: I kind of look at it almost on the same time line as the BSA/AML, because don't think about submissions. Think about building of -- so, Brian, think about banks and their asset liability process, which they can run very routinely every month or as frequently as they want. We're in the process of building the infrastructure to stabilize that. So it's not about the submission as much as it is about building a sustainable, repeatable process that has as much integrity as your ALM, which, of course, has been around for decades, right? So I think that'll -- we'll continue to spend and invest there probably on the same path as what you're seeing on the BSA/AML. But then again, that should taper off, particularly in the professional services side.
Brian Klock: Okay, great. I guess just one quick one, and I'll get back in the queue. With the accretable yield that was in the NII this quarter?
Rene F. Jones: Yes. That number, I think, was $64 million or something, down from $70 million.
Brian Klock: $71-ish million.
Rene F. Jones: $71-ish million, that's the number I was going to say.
Brian Klock: Got you. And again, Mike Pinto has always been a good friend and a mentor for me and so our prayers are with him and his family.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Murray with ISI.
Keith Murray: Just go along with me for a minute here. Let's assume, for argument's sake, that in 2014 you hit all your targets on BSA/AML, you get the CCAR system where you want it. When you get to 2015, and let's put Hudson City aside, what's either an expense dollar run rate level or sort of an efficiency ratio target that you think you can run M&T at for 2015?
Rene F. Jones: Yes, that's a good way to ask a question, Keith. I mean, I just think in terms of the efficiency ratio because we're always either expanding businesses or in some cases adding regions. So you saw we are at 56.2%, both this year, full year and last year, and that really is a reflection of sort of a new regulatory environment and the building of our infrastructure after the sort of growth spurt that we've had. Like -- I think we did something like 4, 5 acquisitions recently. So we've always felt that operating the efficiency ratio below that level was something that was very doable. We've actually run 50% to 55%, somewhere in that range, for a long period of time. I don't see any reason why we shouldn't be back in those levels, but it's going to get there not necessarily by just saying that you're going to cut some expenses, because you do have a new infrastructure. But think of, for example, as we achieved, whatever time period, what we're doing with the BSA/AML and building out the system, that's a process that's almost pure 100% leverageable, right, as we bring in new accounts, new volume and so forth. So one of the reasons why we are so confident in making a lot of these investments across the board and the data centers and all the other technology initiatives is, we think, over time, these are very leverageable and they'll position us well to sort of get back to the same space in the low-50s that we've always operated the institution at. I feel pretty confident that, that's very doable.
Keith Murray: Okay. And then just on capital allocation, in the past, if you went through a patch of slow loan growth or where the risk reward on loans wasn't so great, you could go and buy back your stock, sort of at will. Given where we are in the regulatory world right now, when you're in a situation like that, what's the new default position of what to do with capital? And as you think about the return ROTE potential for M&T, how much has it changed from where you are in the environment?
Rene F. Jones: Yes, yes. Over many, many years that was always the governor, right, you could just sort of simply be very disciplined and say, "Okay, well, I don't have use for it because things are very frothy and I'll give back the capital." So I think you're right. I think in fact, I think that's one of the reasons why you see that the loan pricing and, now, loan structures are so competitive because there's not really an alternative use. It's also one of the reasons which makes us very comfortable to sort of make these correct investments, right? But there is no answer to your question. I mean, you -- I think if we can utilize that capital well and put it in the right places over the course of like last year, this year, I think that will be one set. And then, pass then, our capital ratio is now 9.25%, they're kind of getting up there again. So down the road in the future, we'll have to see how that changes. But one thing is for certain, I mean, you may see us -- if the loan growth is actually maybe X-minus because we're not really interested in sort of chasing some of the stuff that we see out there today, particularly in terms of structure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bob Ramsey with FBR.
Bob Ramsey: René, I just was hoping you could talk maybe a little bit about the loan growth outlook. I know you guys said low- to mid-single digits and that seems a little slower than some of the other banks are talking about. I think you also mentioned in your introductory comments that you've seen some of the commercial real estate lending in New York become more competitive. I'm curious what you mean by that and how you're thinking about the loan growth outlook.
Rene F. Jones: Yes. I'm pretty optimistic on the commercial side. There's nothing that we've seen, at least from an industry standpoint that suggest that commercial loan growth is slowing. In fact, it's the opposite. So we've had healthy C&I growth. I would expect that to continue and easily could be a little bit higher. We saw some pay-downs in CRE. So the normal trend to me would suggest continued growth. And in fact, if you kind of look at our numbers by category and in total relative to the industry, I think we're -- we've been higher than the industry in C&I, we've been maybe a little lower in CRE, we've been -- actually had less runoff in home equity, right? So we're probably positioned well relative to the industry. The thing that does bug us a little bit is in some places, pockets, you just see behavior that, quite frankly, the loan pricing didn't make sense that -- it wouldn't have made sense back in 2005 before we had the higher capital, before we had the higher liquidity. And in many cases in some of our markets, you see it in some of the smaller firms who were not necessarily accounting for those types of things. So I think that's one factor that could dampen the growth a bit. But in New York, it was interesting. I mean, if you go back maybe a year ago, maybe 1.5 years ago, all that during that period, it was the one place where pricing was very, very rational. There were actually only a few players and the behavior seemed to be maybe the most rational in all of our footprint. Now you're seeing, again, the conduits are resurging. You're seeing insurance companies come in. And in the past quarter, it was a space where there were a lot of examples of just longer structures, 7 years plus, and very, very thin pricing. So I mean, we report what we see and we kind of monitor it. I felt pretty good actually about the fact that it was a little slow. We actually, because of that, we saw some pay-downs, right? There were some things we're sort of refinancing out during the quarter in New York City. So that's what we know.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: I just had one follow-up question. René, if I understood you correctly, your guidance for less NIM compression this year than last does not include the liquidity build that you have to do it to be LCR-compliant based on the current proposal?
Rene F. Jones: That's correct. And we did it that way because when we think of what we have to do to meet the liquidity coverage ratio and we look at the income impact, they're very -- there's very little, if any, income impact. So really, what you're doing is sort of putting on a leverage with no impact on interest income, sort of take down your printed net interest margin.
Erika Najarian: Okay. And just as we think through it, how -- is it going to be a gradual building your securities book throughout the year or is it something you might front-load towards the beginning of the year?
Rene F. Jones: Right, that will frontline. It will be in the market. You'll see it every quarter where it'll be relatively steady and consistent.
Erika Najarian: And just as a follow-up question to Keith, you mentioned a 56% efficiency ratio or something that is achievable near-term. Is it unreasonable for us to say that M&T can get -- M&T standalone will operate at 56% for full year 2015?
Rene F. Jones: I mean, is it unreasonable? I don't -- I mean, we tend to think longer-term, 2015 is a long way away. I don't know. Normal efficiency ratios for us would be low -- in the mid-levels. But as we're done with our work and we start to leverage that structure and the new infrastructure, I'd be surprised if we weren't below 55%. Below that, 50% to 55%, somewhere in that range. It's where we've always been. And as you think about it, and particularly, depending on what type of institution that we have, one of the things you're going to see, again, because of liquidity coverage ratio, if we were at 56% and if you think of all these things that we've got to do with liquidity, that ratio, I'm not so sure that, that just doesn't come down because structurally right, we're a different institution. So -- but I think we've got a long way to go. We have a good track record, and you kind of see it. If I were looking at it, I'd go back in history and look at where we've been, and that's what I'd probably use as my benchmark.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jennifer Thompson with Portales Partners.
Jennifer A. Thompson: Just a couple of questions on C&I. If you could give us the line utilization rates or the trend you're seeing there. And was there anything discernible in terms of the growth in C&I through the quarter? In other words, was there ramp-up at the end of the year or was it pretty consistent throughout the quarter?
Rene F. Jones: Yes, great. I'll go in reverse again. There definitely was ramp-up towards the end of the year. I think most of our loan growth was accounted for in the month of December. From November 30 to December 31, we had about $700 million of growth in C&I. And then when we look at sort of -- that's on the balance sheet. And when we look at sort of the pipeline, loan growth -- loan production, so new loans that went through our senior loan committee were lower than a year ago, but a year ago, it was abnormal and they were above average and consistent with any fourth quarter we've -- any of the better fourth quarters we've seen in the past. So I think that kind of speaks to the idea that I wouldn't expect a slowing of commercial loan growth. In terms of utilization, we are somewhere 57%, 58%. That has been rising fairly consistently over the course of 2013. So in fact, if you look at that trend, it's an upward trend, it's a straight line. So again, it gives you some sense that the idea that you would expect C&I to start slowing at this point probably doesn't make much sense.
Jennifer A. Thompson: And that 57%, 58% that you're running, has it been -- I mean, what's kind of the pace -- what was it last quarter? Is it going up a percentage or so every quarter or what?
Rene F. Jones: It's gone up a very little bit, but very slowly. So if you go back a year ago, maybe that number was -- if it's 58% now, maybe that was 55%. If you go back a year before that, it might have been in the low-50s, 50%. Fairly steady, slow pace, yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Foran with Autonomous Research.
Brian Foran: I guess, as I think about BSA/AML, I mean, I think as analysts, yes, we've talked about it like we know what we're talking about. But like, what does a BSA/AML best-in-class system actually entail? Is it mostly about technology or is it adding people? Like you get the consulting to build it upfront, but when you're done, do you end up with a tech system or is it more people? And is there any benefit beyond compliance? Is it really just compliance or is there some other things from a business perspective that it helps you with or lets you do?
Rene F. Jones: So, Brian, again, it's a good -- great question, the way you phrase it. Let me do my best. So first of all, it's not just technology, it's people, heavily people incentive and training people and training people to know the customer. So if you think about it, what we're doing -- one of the first -- one of the most fundamental things is we're building a risk rating system that allows us to be very sensitive and knowledgeable about when patterns change, and that might indicate that someone's engaging in some illicit activity or money-laundering. And to do that equally across all of our footprints and actually through each of the channels in which we interact with our customers. So to do that, on the system side, there's a fair amount of just data capture. And capturing that information is not necessarily just standard information, you're trying to make sure that you have access to information that allows you to do a great job of being predictive. So it's not a onetime thing. Predicting customer behavior is sort of changing all the time and so these models are relatively complex. So in order to do that, what you've got to do is you've got to identify the information you need, you've got to train your customer-facing employees on exactly what that information is and how to go about capturing it. And then you've got to interact with all of your customers, both the existing customers and the new ones through the account opening process to begin to capture that information. But remember, you've got to capture that information in a very accurate, consistent way. So you're not only -- you're not sitting in some back-office somewhere building a computer. It's touching every aspect of our business and particularly, the aspects that address our customers. And so, we've seen this happen before. We've seen places that have done it in a way where there's been a lot of disruption in the markets to their customers. We're trying to balance all that, and at the same time, we're trying to sort of aggressively be sort of best-in-class in terms of having predictive models that will allow us to monitor for illicit behavior. So if you think about it, it's pretty complex. If you are really, really good at systems, that would be one thing. And not good with people, I think you'd have a problem. So the quality of your people, the quality of your sales force, as well as the technology and the data are all key elements.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard S. Cassidy: René, on your LCR ratio that you talked about, and you may have mentioned it and I kind of overlooked it, what's the dollar amount do you think you need to buy in terms of liquid securities to get you up to the level that you need to get to?
Rene F. Jones: Yes, we haven't disclosed that yet, Gerard. And I think over the course of this year, you saw in some of the moves we made, particularly in the second quarter and then in the third, and I think those began to get us in a good range to be able to kind of meet the requirements. I think it's fair to say that we still have a fair amount to do at the sort of manageable amount that we would do through the course of the year. But we really haven't talked about the amount. In part, we're not talking about the amount because remember that the rules of the NPR is sort of not final. And one of the things that happen in the fall, in my opinion, was that maybe it seems that it came out to be a little bit more stringent than we were thinking. So as it stands as it is, we have more work to do. But I think you'll see it, you'll get a feel for it as we get to the -- through the end of the first quarter.
Gerard S. Cassidy: Okay. And stepping back from the BSA/AML, the revamping of your systems that you're doing, how much did your acquisition strategy over the years -- obviously, you've done a number of acquisitions very successfully, how much did that kind of complicate the situation versus if you were just a legacy M&T Bank, the legacy bank in Buffalo?
Rene F. Jones: Yes. I mean, I think, one of the -- let me put it this way, one of the things that has positioned us extremely well is this philosophy that we've had for many, many years that when we do an acquisition, our preference would be to do it a simultaneous close and integration, right? And when doing that, we end up putting everything on M&T's system. And so from a systems and information standpoint, that's helped us very well as you kind of go through the years and think of the transactions that we've done. Wilmington was a little different in part because we, the bank part, which was really quite frankly the smaller part, was smooth and easily integrated in a very short time period, I think that same summer that we did the close. Whereas, if you think of the trust business, the wealth and institutional services, we were really taking a lot of the quality and attributes that were already existing at Wilmington and bringing the M&T piece into the fold. So that was relatively new. So I think, you've seen that. That's taken us longer on the Wilmington side to sort of get to what we would call a steady state. Having said that, particularly over the last 6 months, we feel really good. We feel really good about the work we've done on the control environment and how we've stabilized that. So if you think of that as 2013, we announced that deal in 2010. So typically, that's longer. But aside from Wilmington, I think the way we've been able to do things to keep them simple, to have not duplicate systems probably has allowed us to make these investments and have them be much more productive than not. So we're not consolidating processing centers. We're not -- if you remember, a bunch of us in 2004 and 2005, when we were complaining about the revenue growth, that's actually what we were doing. We were looking at all the capture centers and we were doing all that kind of work. This is the third time that we've gone through an experience like this. One was after the 1991, '92 -- when I joined the bank, we were ramping up all the systems, we called it future solutions, we spent tremendous amount of money there. We also did the same with the projects I just mentioned to you in 2004 and 2005, and now, we're doing it again. So I think this is what you've got to do every period, after you go through a period of growth. If you don't do it, things could get out of control.
Gerard S. Cassidy: No doubt, no doubt. Regarding your agreement with the regulators, do you think, I mean, after -- when you finish all your BSA/AML stuff, do you think that for you to complete the Hudson City acquisition that, that agreement has to be lifted?
Rene F. Jones: I think we've got to make progress on getting consumer to that best practice BSA/AML system. And we've got to allow the regulators to have enough time to be able to say that we've got an adequate system. Lifting of orders and all that, we have no control over that. And there's a history that says those things take much longer. So I think we're just really very -- our thinking is really it's about BSA/AML.
Gerard S. Cassidy: Okay. And then finally coming back to capital, excess capital. Obviously, M&T has demonstrated over the years as being a very good steward on taking care of excess capital and delivering it to shareholders. Assuming that the regional banks like your own are required to carry the 7% Tier 1 common ratio, maybe there's a domestic buffer of 25 or 50 basis points, and I would assume that you guys want to keep another buffer on top of that. Do you think that after you use your money for growth, what's left over will -- you will maintain that philosophy or the board will maintain the philosophy that you've had in the past in giving that excess capital back to shareholders?
Rene F. Jones: Yes, I think at some point, that's right. I mean, I think -- and keep in mind, our situation, we've got to where we are in an efficient manner, right? We're 9.25. And you can see that other institutions are all giving back capital and doing appropriate levels of repurchases and those things. So it's not as if that has been eliminated from the banking industry. I think as I think about it, right, if you think of all the things that we've -- that have been part of our value proposition, acknowledging that we sell commodities and making sure that we have a low-cost, controlled environment, keeping everything relatively simple. To me, now that everybody has to carry more equity, those things are even more important to be able to carry that through. And then at some point in time, as you get excess capital, yes, the only choice you really have is to give it back in some efficient form.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Todd Hagerman with Sterne Agee.
Todd L. Hagerman: René, I just wanted to go back to the Hudson City just for a moment. As you mentioned, the board has again met in December, put out a statement, including a comment that it was, I believe, unlikely the transaction, I believe, would close by the end of the second quarter. I'm just wondering in terms of -- you're very focused on developing or building out kind of a best-in-class enterpriser's management system. And I'm just kind of thinking -- I'm trying to think about whether or not -- are the companies on a dual track system such that they're very much still moving forward in terms of wanting to complete the deal, but by the same token, you're continuing to move forward in terms of your risk management process? I'm just trying to figure out if -- basically, it seems as almost the agreement is becoming -- it has become an agreement in principle, such that when the stars align sometime in the future, the boards will revisit the transaction and determine whether or not it makes sense.
Rene F. Jones: I thought I had you, Todd, in the beginning, but then I think I lost you at the end. So I'll go with the one from the beginning. I think, look, put Hudson City aside for a minute. We are among the smallest of the banks that are above $50 billion. We tend to think long-term. So regardless of any specific merger transaction, we think in order to survive and be around, you've got to have a pretty strong infrastructure. And we also think that as we move forward further and further along, what's really happening is that there are a lot of barriers to entries being set up. So in our mind, these investments that we're making, particularly in risk management, don't relate to any one particular transaction. So the second part of that would be that once we complete that, it's not that we're sort of running to -- I see what you mean by dual tracks now. From a risk management perspective, it would plug into Hudson City and there's no incremental, whatsoever, associated with it. The dual tracking is sort of -- I mean, at the end of the day, the environment's uncertain and it makes sense for them to go down a path to make sure that they have alternatives in the event that we can't sort of do the partnership that we want to do. So I think that's all that they were saying. And under the sort of regulatory regime and their particular regulators, they've got to continue to make progress to be safe and sound if for some reason that they have to go on their own. But as we complete the merger, yes, I mean, there's no incremental cost to run Hudson City given what its portfolio and mix are. And that's what -- why you get a lot of leverage out of these investments we're making.
Todd L. Hagerman: No, I can appreciate that. That's helpful. I'm just wondering whether or not, again, you think about the period of time that's elapsed since the deal was initially announced, the time where the initial due diligence was completed. And it just seems like at some point we can get back to a situation where we have to revisit with shareholders and think about the economics of the transaction and whether or not it really makes sense at some point in time.
Rene F. Jones: We reviewed all the economics of it. We're economic animals. Really, we reviewed all the economics of the deal and I'm absolutely positive that Hudson City did the same. And it just makes sense, it didn't make sense for 1 quarter, it made sense. So putting those 2 institutions together, that -- all that value is there. Nothing has changed at all. And both parties kind of weighed that out and are very committed to the transaction.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sachin Shah with Albert Fried.
Sachin Shah: My question is about Hudson, in fact, again. So I know you're trying to set the foundation here on this AML, you reiterated in various ways. But -- so from that perspective, before you can move on and even have the regulators look at the Hudson bank situation and actually approve it and allow it to move forward, is there any specific timing on this now, relative to the previous statement that you guys put out on extending the termination date, et cetera?
Rene F. Jones: The only thing that's out there that is public is our written agreement and it kind of lays out everything that we've got to do. And we've sort of talked about the progress we want to make in terms of this year and we've talked about the spending patterns. So with all that together, you can get a good sense. I mean, sending it down to a specific day is not, really, how we think about it.
Sachin Shah: So -- but the timing is you're -- sometime in the second quarter of this year that you're expecting maybe some progress?
Rene F. Jones: I don't think I can add anything beyond I've already noted through the course of the call.
Sachin Shah: Okay. And as far as Hudson bank, so just to reiterate that the commitment is there on both boards to continue, as outlined, the merger agreement and the amendment of that to basically merge? Is that -- I just want to solidify those comments.
Rene F. Jones: No, I mean, I think just go back and read the press release because we're all very enthusiastic about doing the transaction, each of us individually and together. There's sort of no question in our minds and I think that was evident in the actions that both boards took. So we are very enthusiastic about -- once we get all our work done, continuing on with that process.
Sachin Shah: Okay. Just one follow-up question. And so, aside from this AML situation, is there any -- so if you resolve this, when you resolve this, it's more of a when you resolve it situation. Because as you said early on, you're thinking more long term about the bank, M&T, which makes sense. But when you resolve that, when you resolve that, do you believe there is any other -- there are reasons why the regulators, especially the fed, would say, "You resolved this, but now you still can't do this transaction."
Rene F. Jones: If you spend any time around these processes, I mean, really, what happens is that you do your best to have both partners have the right intent, which we have here. We think we've got a transaction that creates a lot of value and then you have your application process go through. We don't influence the application process. We don't influence future events. We don't influence the state of the economy, as that will happen going forward. All we know is that the 2 management teams are really committed to producing a strong bank in New Jersey, right? That's all we know.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Rupert with CIBC Asset Management.
Adam Rupert: René, through the acquisition of Wilmington Trust, you guys are required a number of investor managers, including a couple of equity stakes and some smaller boutique managers, such as Roxbury Capital and Cramer Rosenthal McGlynn. Can you comment on M&T's strategic vision for the investment management arm of the bank in general and maybe these 2 assets specifically?
Rene F. Jones: Well, I mean, other than -- they are great partners and we're very pleased with every aspect of the Wilmington transaction and the partnership we've got. But other than that, there's really nothing to talk about there.
Adam Rupert: Is growing boutique investment managers underneath the umbrella of Wilmington Trust, something that would be in the strategic plan for the future?
Rene F. Jones: I don't think that, that's necessarily the way we think about the growth in the Wilmington business is in platforms. I think that on the ICS and trust business, that's a whole different ballgame in the types of clients and services that we're providing. And then on the Wilmington side, really, our leverage is all about introducing the strong and talented team that's there to our customers. So we're not sort of focused on the idea that we would need to have more of those types of relationships in order to sort of provide good customer value.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Herz with the OppenheimerFunds.
Robert Herz: René, I was wondering if you could talk about the trust preferreds and how you have a $350 million one at 8.5% that I think you were approved to replace with other capital? And then there's like $367 million of other trust preferreds, which are currently callable, they just became callable this month.
Rene F. Jones: Yes, so on the $350 million that you mentioned, now, when we submitted our capital plan last year, we got approval to replace those through -- that approval lasts through the end of the first quarter here. So it is our intention to do that, and we'll probably use that piece as a replacement with a full preferred. And then the rest of the stuff, it depends -- and we've talked about this a little bit, some of it is actually closed at very low rates and so it will probably end up...
Robert Herz: Right, I excluded the low-rate stuff. I just gave the things that are all over 8% because there are all those floating rate things.
Rene F. Jones: Yes, so that's -- the remaining amount that, probably not in the near term but down the road as our capital structure firms up, we would then obviously look to do something. But we're not looking to do anything with that sort of sub set that you just talked about in the near term.
Operator: Our final question is a follow-up from the line of Brian Klock with Keefe, Bruyette, Woods.
Brian Klock: René, just a quick follow-up. So I guess one, congratulations on your promotion, but to me, I'm just wondering if you can let us know, I guess, what -- with all the additional responsibilities you're taking on now as the Vice Chairman at M&T and now running the wealth management Wilmington Trust lines of business, I guess just talk about your expectations and what we can expect to -- how that will impact you going forward.
Rene F. Jones: Well, in near term, I don't expect that you'll notice any changes. I think that with regard to the whole announcement, I hope you would see with Mark and Kevin and some of the other names that you have heard or will continue to hear, that we've got a really, really deep bench. And with respect to Wilmington, as I said, that team is very, very strong. It's got strong leadership. And now, we've sort of gotten to a place where we've gotten to a very stable environment. And so, I think our forward-looking view of the Wilmington businesses is that, we should be able now to sort of kind of go full steam ahead and integrate that into all the opportunities that we have across our core footprint on the wealth side and maybe beyond that with respect to the institutional businesses. So my job is to help out in any capacity that I can, and I'm sure you'll probably hear more about that as we kind of move forward.
Operator: And that was our final question, and I'd like to turn the floor back over to Don MacLeod for any additional or closing remarks.
Donald J. MacLeod: Again, thank you, all, for participating today. And as always, if clarification of any of the items on the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations Department at area code (716) 842-5138.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-17 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the M&T Bank Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Don MacLeod, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Donald J. MacLeod: Thank you, Maria, and good morning. This is Don MacLeod. I’d like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website, www.mtb.com and by clicking on the Investor Relations link. Also, before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on Forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now I'd like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, René Jones.
René F. Jones: Thank you, Don, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. As I noted in the press release, M&T's profit softened during the recent quarter as compared with the previous quarter. This reflects the impact from -- the impact to M&T from the industry-wide slowdown in mortgage banking activity, as well as higher operating expense, arising from our investments in risk management, capital planning and stress testing, regulatory compliance and technology and operating infrastructure. I'll cover more details on these investments in a moment. The recent quarter was also marked by continued strengthening of our Tier 1 common capital ratio, which increased by 52 basis points to 9.07%. Let me first review a few of the highlights from the quarter's results, after which Don and I will be happy to take your questions. Turning to specific numbers. Diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $2.11 in the third quarter of 2013 compared with $2.55 in this year's second quarter and $2.17 in last year's third quarter. Net income for the recent quarter was $294 million compared with $348 million in the prior quarter. Net income was $293 million in the third quarter of 2012. During the period, we completed the remainder of our actions initiated to strengthen our capital and liquidity position in an efficient -- in the most efficient manner. We converted some $1 billion of FHA loans on our balance sheet into Ginnie Mae securities, which we retained in our investment portfolio. In addition, we securitized and sold $1.4 billion of capital intensive lower returns indirect auto loans. These transactions generated $56 million of pretax securitization gains, which contributed $34 million to net income for the quarter or $0.26 per common share. You will recall that M&T's results for the second quarter included net pretax gains on the sale of investment securities amounting to $56 million. Also, during the second quarter, we reversed an accrual amounting to $26 million pretax for a contingent compensation obligation assumed in the Wilmington Trust merger, and which had expired. Taken together, those items contributed $50 million after tax to net income for the second quarter or $0.38 per common share. Since 1998, M&T has consistently provided supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis from which we exclude the after-tax effect of amortization of intangible assets, as well as expenses and gains associated with mergers and acquisitions when they occur. After-tax expense from the amortization of intangible assets was $6 million or $0.05 per common share during the third quarter compared with $8 million or $0.06 per share in the prior quarter. There were no merger-related expenses incurred in the third quarter of 2013. In the second quarter, merger-related expenses amounted to $5 million after-tax effect or $0.04 per common share. M&T's net operating income for the quarter, which excludes amortization -- intangible amortization and merger-related expenses was $301 million compared with $361 million in the linked quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per share -- per common share were $2.15 for the recent quarter compared with $2.65 in the linked quarter. Net operating income yielded annualized rates of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholder's equity of 1.48% and 17.64% for the recent quarter. The comparable returns were 1.81% and 22.72% in the second quarter 2013. In accordance with the SEC guidelines, this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP, non-GAAP results, including tangible assets and equity. Turning to the balance sheet and the income statement. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $679 million for the third quarter of 2013, down by $5 million from the linked quarter. The net interest margin was 3.61% during the third quarter compared with 3.71% in the second quarter. The narrowing of the net interest margin was largely the result of a $13 million decline in prepayment fees and interest on non-accrual loans. This accounted for 7 basis points of the decline in margin. The remaining 3 basis points of the decline reflects the core margin pressure that we've been projecting for some time and that we continue to expect to unfold over the course of the year -- over the course of the next year. The higher level of earnings assets would have been sufficient to grow net interest income despite core margin pressure, were it not for the return to normal levels of prepayment fees and cash basis interest. As for the balance sheet, average earnings assets grew by an annualized 4% or about $700 million from the second quarter. This included a $1.7 billion increase in average investment securities and a $1.1 billion decline in average loans, both of which reflect the securitization activity, primarily the FHA securitization that I mentioned earlier. In addition to these securities -- to the securities retained through the securitization of FHA loan, we purchased an additional $1.6 billion of Ginnie Mae securities in the open market over the course of the third quarter, essentially reinvesting the proceeds from our second quarter sale of private label securities and the late third quarter securitization and sale of indirect auto loans. On an end of period basis, investment securities were $8.3 billion as of September 30. After annualizing for the securitizations, growth in average loans for the quarter was an annualized 1%. Average commercial & industrial loans grew by 2% annualized. That growth was muted by the typical seasonal slowdown in floor plan loans, which declined by almost $100 million. Excluding floor plan, C&I loan growth was 5% annualized, slightly lower than what we've been seeing over the past several quarters. Average commercial real estate loans grew an annualized 1%. Adjusted for the securitizations, average residential real estate loans declined an annualized 5%. The $1.4 billion auto loan securitization did not have a significant impact on average consumer loans, as it was completed in late September. However, adjusting for that securitization, consumer loans grew an annualized 2%. Despite pricing pressures, M&T's commercial loan origination has been consistent quarter-over-quarter. However, refinancing activity has driven the apparent slower rate of loan growth. From a regional perspective, upstate in Western New York continues to be our strongest reason for loan growth. The average total loans in that region grew by an annualized 5% compared with the linked quarter, while the average C&I loans grew by an annualized 8%. Our Metro region, which includes New York City and Albany area and Philadelphia was just behind that with annualized growth in total loans of about 4% and annualized C&I growth of about 12%. The mid-Atlantic, including Baltimore, Washington and Delaware, continues to experience the softest loan growth, with high single-digit annualized declines in C&I and CRE, as well as total loans. This region is where we're seeing the most competition, particularly with respect to pricing and structure. Average core customer deposits, which excludes deposits received at M&T's Cayman Islands office and CDs over $250,000, grew an annualized 3% from the second quarter. From an end of period basis, core deposits grew an annualized 6%. We continue to maintain a high level of excess funds at the fed, amounting to $1.8 billion at the end of the quarter. The average balance for the quarter continue to reflect the high level of deposits by institutional trust customers early in the quarter and included the portion of the proceeds from the auto securitization that occurred later in the quarter. Turning to noninterest income. Noninterest income totaled $477 million in the third quarter compared with $509 million in the prior quarter. The quarter -- this quarter's figures includes the $56 million in securitization gains I referred to earlier, while the second quarter figure includes $56 million of net gains on the sale of investment securities. Mortgage banking revenues declined to $65 million in the recent quarter compared with $91 million in the prior quarter. This includes 3 components. Residential gain on sale revenues were $17 million for the third quarter, a decline of $23 million from the second quarter. The residential origination volumes declined by 41% from the second quarter to $1.1 billion, while residential gain on sale margins declined by 48 basis points. On the commercial side of mortgage banking, gain on sale revenues declined by $11 million, returning to more normalized levels after a record second quarter. Residential mortgage servicing revenues grew by $7 million to $30 million in the third quarter. The increase reflects about 1 month of revenue from the subservicing contract that we entered into during the quarter. We expect to see in the neighborhood of $15 million of additional servicing fees in the fourth quarter as the revenue from that contract reaches its full running rate. Fee income from deposit services provided were $114 million during the third quarter compared with $112 million in the linked quarter. Trust and investment revenues were $124 million, a little change from $125 million in the prior quarter. The second quarter results benefited from the normal seasonal uptick in tax preparation fees. Turning to expenses. While we've noted the expected ramp up in expenses for some time now, the full impact of those investments in risk management, capital planning and stress testing, regulatory compliance and technology and operating infrastructure became particularly apparent in this quarter's results. Operating expenses, which excludes merger-related expenses and the amortization of intangible expense, were $648 million for the third quarter compared with $578 million in the second quarter. The linked quarter variance includes the $26 million accrual reversal in the second quarter that I mentioned previously, as well as an increase of $44 million in operating expenses. Contributing to that increase was a $16 million rise in salaries and benefits. That was largely attributable to, first, the $7 million related to approximately 500 FTEs brought on board for the subservicing contract at the outset of the third quarter. Next, $4 million attributed to an extra compensation day in the quarter, and then $2 million reflecting the ramp-up in staffing related to our BSA/AML and capital planning and stress testing initiatives, including some 200 FTEs. Also contributing to the linked quarter increase was an $18 million increase in professional services, largely attributable to $7 million spent for specialized consulting services related to BSA/AML, $6 million of additional spending on certain technology-related investments, as well as our risk infrastructure and $1 million related to the subservicing contract. Looking -- if you were to look at expenses on a year-over-year basis, the $46 million increase, as compared to last year's third quarter, is characterized as follows. About 37% of the increase in expense is a result of our regulatory compliance initiatives, BSA/AML capital planning and stress testing, including some 250 additional FTEs. Approximately 24% of the year-over-year rise is accounted for by the subservicing contract. And finally, you will recall that the staff -- you will recall that the staffing hired for our New Jersey initiative during the first 4 months of this year drove about 20% of the increase, including some additional 175 FTEs. We hope you find this detail helpful. The efficiency ratio, which excludes securities gains and losses, as well as intangible amortization and the merger revenue expenses was 56.0% for the third quarter compared with 50.9% in the prior quarter. Excluding the reversal of the Wilmington Trust accrual, the efficiency ratio would've been about 53.2% in the second quarter. Next, let's turn to credit. Our credit quality remained strong and in line with our expectations. Nonaccrual loans declined $49 million from the end of the second quarter, and the ratio of nonaccrual loans to total loans declined by 2 basis points to 1.44% as of the end of the third quarter. Net charge-offs for the third quarter were $48 million compared with $57 million in the second quarter. Annualized net charge-offs, as a percent of total loans, were 29 basis points for the third quarter and the year-to-date. The comparable figure was 35 basis points for the second quarter. The revision for credit losses was $48 million for the third quarter, which equaled the net charge-offs. Reflected in the aforementioned gain, resulting from the securitization and sale of the $1.4 billion of auto loans, was an associated reserve release of $11 million. The net effect was a decline in the allowance for credit losses to $916 million as of the end of the third quarter. The ratio of allowance to credit losses for total loans increased to 1.44% at the end of September 30 from 1.41% at the end of the prior quarter. The loan-loss allowance, as of September 30, 2013, was 4.8x annualized net charge-offs for both the recent quarter and the year-to-date. Loans 90 days past due, excluding acquired loans that had been marked to fair value at acquisition, was $340 million at the end of the recent quarter. Of these, $321 million or 94% are guaranteed by government-related entities. Loans 90 days past due were also $340 million at the end of the second quarter, of which 93% were guaranteed by government-related entities. M&T's Tier 1 common capital ratio was an estimated 9.07% at the end of September, up 52 basis points from 8.55% at the end of the second quarter. Our estimated Tier 1 common ratio under the recently adopted Basel III capital rules is approximately 8.75%. The Tier 1 common ratio has increased by some 161 basis points since the third quarter of 2012, while our tangible common equity has grown by $1.1 billion or a 20% increase. Turning to the outlook. We continue to see the potential for an estimated 3 basis points of quarterly core margin pressure. The reported net interest margin will continue to be impacted by the levels of excess cash held at the Fed. Despite the slower loan growth during the quarter, our outlook for loan growth remains relatively unchanged. In addition, we may continue to purchase investment securities to round out our liquidity asset buffer. At this point in time, assuming that interest rates stay where they are, some continued modest softness in mortgage origination seems likely. As noted, as revenues from the subservicing contract reach their full run rate in the fourth quarter, we effectively have a cushion against further declines in total mortgage banking income. And with respect to credit, our year-over-year charge-offs of just 29 basis points are below our long-term average of 37 basis points, and we would expect to report a slight increase in criticized assets in our upcoming 10-Q. Stated simply, credit quality remains strong. Turning to expenses. We estimate that our current outside level of spending will likely remain elevated for the next several quarters. As a management team, we've concluded that to the extent that we can make the necessary investments and strengthen our infrastructure now, it will position us well to sustain our long-term record of relative outperformance. With respect to capital, we've exceeded the 9% threshold for our Tier 1 common capital ratio under the Basel I rules, and as we said, our current estimate is 8.75% under Basel III and we plan to continue to build capital over the near term. As you know, I am not at liberty to discuss the details of our regulatory matters, but by way of an update on the BSA/AML matter, we believe the progress to date has been considerable. And while we have a lot of work left to do, we continue to work diligently to create a high-quality BSA compliance program that fully addresses the concerns raised in the written agreement with the Federal Reserve. Of course, as you're aware, our projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national, regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events and other macroeconomic factors, which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. With that, let's open up the call to questions, before which Maria will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matthew D. O'Connor: Just to clarify on the NIM outlook of down around 3 basis points per quarter, is that off of the 3.61% that we saw this quarter?
René F. Jones: That's an interesting question. I guess, the way I look at it, Matt, is I look at it a couple of ways. So if you think about -- if you were to go back to the first quarter, I think we were 3.71% in the first quarter. So we're also down 10 over the 6 months, and there's probably 2 basis points of day [ph] effect -- there's actually some effect of cash. So if you look at the underlying trend, we're coming down about 3 basis points. So it's hard to answer your question because it depends on the level of cash, where your starting point is. The other way I look at it is assuming cash, and obviously days over time are the same. If you look at it on a year-over-year basis, we were down 16 basis points, and 11 of that was the -- about a $2.4 billion increase in cash. So we only had about 5 basis points of compression. I think that really reflects the 3 basis points we've been talking about, offset by the fact that our acquired loan portfolios had been performing better. So you're going to have to pick your number, but I don't think of it as off any particular number because it gets reset with the cash balances. Is that helpful?
Matthew D. O'Connor: It is. And I guess what I was getting at is the prepayments fees coming down. Would you consider this quarter kind of a bit more typical in how those fees are or were [indiscernible]?
René F. Jones: Yes, very typical, very typical. I mean, as I kind of look back over the last -- I don't know, I just glanced at the last 6, 7 quarters. The numbers are between $7 million and $9 million. So this quarter was $9 million. The aberration was just last quarter was up 13 from that.
Matthew D. O'Connor: Okay. And then just separately, obviously, the mortgage banking business for the industry is going through a pretty sizable correction both on volumes and on the profitability, as we think about the gain on sale. Has your thought process in terms of the mortgage banking business medium and longer term, changed at all in terms of -- obviously, your pending deal, you're going to build out the agency mortgage business there. Anything that you're seeing for the environment overall changing how you think about sizing that and the strategic importance of all that?
René F. Jones: Yes. I mean, the one thing that we see that's on our minds, and we've kind of made some stake in the ground, I guess, on it. But if you go way back before the crisis and before the new structure and the higher requirements, including -- and then including the put back fees and those types of things. People were happy getting gain on sales between 80 and 100 basis points, and the big issue for us is that the business cannot support those lower levels of gain on sale. So you kind of have to hit a floor and pick that target. The big question will be is whether the rest of the industry actually adheres to that. But as you know, we tend to focus on profitability. And at least for the last 30 years or so, we've been able to avoid chasing all that stuff. So I think that's the big question that's out there for me is are people are going to behave rationally. We've had gain on sale margins come down somewhere around to about 200 basis points now. And I'm not sure that they can go all that much lower and have it make a lot of sense to be in that -- to do a lot of volume in that business, but that's the big change that we're grappling with, and so far, it seems to be holding up fine around those levels.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Burnell of Wells Fargo Securities.
Matthew H. Burnell: Just, I guess, a little question on the competition within the loan market. You mentioned that the mid-Atlantic is the most competitive among your 3 regions. I guess, I'm curious as to within the competition among the other 2 areas, has that competition gotten tougher and are there deals, more deals now that you're potentially walking away from due to either pricing or structure than there might have been 3 to 6 months ago?
René F. Jones: Everywhere or outside of the mid-Atlantic?
Matthew H. Burnell: I was actually speaking specifically outside the mid-Atlantic.
René F. Jones: Outside the mid-Atlantic. Yes, I mean, there's levels of pricing pressures across the board, and I -- outside the mid-Atlantic because, there, it's just -- it's significantly different. And you can kind of see that in my comments around the volume, which are declining, because in the mid-Atlantic, just as a background, I mean, there's a point at which we're not really hitting our risk return levels, and we just can't use the balance sheet for that purpose. So for some time, it was the life companies. I think I've talked about that for a while, but now, you've seen the banks join in -- several banks join in on that. But if you look at the other areas, each of them is a little bit different. And if I think of like, I work my way up, I work my way north on the map, you got -- in Pennsylvania, in the sort of central Pennsylvania, maybe Harrisburg area, we talked to our customers. Their expectations for the loan growth is relatively soft. They're not -- they're really hesitant to do anything on the CapEx front. They also have a lot of -- how should I say it, low confidence in sort of the economic recovery. So they're not doing a lot of hiring, and so what that results in is there's just not a lot of activity, but there's a lot of folks actually going after the transactions. So what we're seeing in that particular market is a willingness to -- for people to take on -- what's probably more important than the pricing pressure there is the willingness to take on the whole credit or larger chunks of credit by smaller institutions, and so that affects loan growth. So as you know, I mean, if you have a granular portfolio, you're going to be less lumpy. If it goes the other way, you're going to have more risks. If you look at smack in central Pennsylvania, there's been actually a little bit of a rebound from the Marcellus shale. But again, not enough to drive what we're seeing around pricing and structure in that case. But then as you flip your way up to most of upstate New York, and our definition of upstate New York, we have 5 communities, all 5 communities have loan growth. I would say by historical measures, pricing has got a slight downward trend, but volumes have held up fairly well, and I can't tell you exactly what that is. There's a manufacturing base up here, and people seem to be a little bit more willing to make investments. And I think your competition is different. Because of the number of banks, you actually choose not to bank up here. So that's the landscape. I mean, I would say that over the last 3 quarters, the pricing issue in any one quarter wasn't all that noticeably more, but now it feels like it's gotten pretty heavy. So hopefully that helps.
Matthew H. Burnell: Yes. Just a couple of questions on expenses. You mentioned that those are likely to be elevated for a number of quarters into the future. And I guess, specifically on the FTEs that were added for the servicing portfolio, is it your expectation that those will remain relatively static to the number of FTEs you on-boarded? Or do those come down over time, therefore, reducing the potential expense related to that revenue?
René F. Jones: Well, on servicing, those are -- I mean, those are tightly managed around the level of the servicing portfolio. And so we have about an $81 billion servicing portfolio until we're properly staffed for it. If that were to run down over time, you wouldn't need as many staffing, but it depends on sort of what comes on the opportunity side there. That's pretty steady.
Matthew H. Burnell: Okay. Yes, fair enough. And then on the BSA/AML compliance cost, it looks from your comments that you're running at an annualized rate. Round number's about $60 million a year for those. Any sense as to how long that might continue? And once you get this investment done, presumably you're largely over with that, is that a 1 or 2-year timeframe or is that longer?
René F. Jones: Well, Matt, I can only comment about -- I comment about all of the stuff because I think what we've decided is that -- and we decided this some time ago, that it doesn't make sense to take a long time to make all these investments. The regulatory environment is changing. The operating environment is changing as well. So we figured we would accelerate those changes and try to get a bulk of work done. We saw this before -- we've seen this before. We sought after each of our areas of expansion in the early '90s, and then, again, after the all first period. And now we're seeing it again after we've gone through several acquisitions in about a 5-year period of growth. What's different this time is we're just deciding to look at the whole thing together. So I think that makes the expense naturally higher. With respect to BSA, at some point, there is a natural level of staffing that's going to make us -- how do I say this, have a state-of-the-art program and -- but that will level out, but it will take some time for each of those things to happen. That's why I said, over the next several quarters, we think it's going to be relatively elevated so -- and then from there, each piece is different. So CCAR is different. BSA is different. Overall risk management structure, a different animal as well. So as the expenses come down, that will -- it won't all happen at once.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Murray of ISI.
Keith Murray: Just a follow-up on the BSA/AML. You're talking in the next several quarters. I mean, how -- what inning would you describe [indiscernible] or sort of what percentage of the way you think you're there on that?
René F. Jones: That's a great question. I don't know. So you end up with an issue, a weakness in your program, but then the reality is that it's not likely just go fix your weakness. You actually have to -- you have to think about it in a way of building the state-of-the-art, best-in-the-industry practices, in part because the -- of all trillions of dollars of illicit activity that ends up going through the banking system, those folks are ramping up their efforts to try to figure out new ways to get around you. So at the end of the day, we're revamping our whole process and that takes a fair amount of time. The real question becomes when do you get enough of it done so that you actually have confidence in your own process so that your board has confidence in it as well as the regulators having confidence in it, and there's no answer to that question. You just work hard and you figure out how to keep on course for making sure you have a high-quality product as opposed to trying to get it done too quickly.
Keith Murray: Fair enough. And then let's assume, for argument's sake, that the deal with Hudson City closes in January. How long do you think it will take to get that franchise sort of set up the way that you guys want it to be? Is that 1-year or 2-year build?
René F. Jones: First, I'd say -- first thing I'll say is we haven't spent any time thinking about Hudson City lately. We've been really focused on the things that I've just talked about. But I mean, if you look at any transaction, we've got a pretty strong track record of how long it takes to do something like that. Wilmington Trust took a lot longer because it was a different animal. And if you're putting together a thrip sort of regardless of size, you would be -- it would be very short order. And what you'd have to do is kind of go back and talk to a few folks about what's pretty well-documented about what we've done in the past, but today, we're not -- this is not what we're focused on. We've got -- our eyes are all focused on the regulatory matters at hand.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Klock of Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods.
Brian Klock: So I mean I hate to kind of beat on the expense side again, but I guess when I [indiscernible].
René F. Jones: You like [indiscernible].
Brian Klock: What was that?
René F. Jones: You like expenses, I know you.
Brian Klock: I know, I'm sorry about this. So the cash expenses in the quarter, right, $648 million, and you mentioned with the previous questions that, obviously, a lot of the expenditure is BSA/AML, the CCAR and regulatory-related stuff that's going to stick around for a while. I guess is that -- is there anything in there though that we could start seeing some small savings coming out? Or do you think that around this kind of cash basis, somewhere around $650 million is where that's going to be on the next couple of quarters?
René F. Jones: Okay, that's a great question. So I think it's 2 things, 2 things. First of all, because of the earlier question and the fact that we're trying to do -- we're trying to get a lot done relatively quickly, we're using a lot of outside services. So I mean, that and you can pick your time horizon for how long you're off and running on your own. So quite frankly, a lot of the requirements under CCAR and those things are that you actually -- you're not really in a solid position unless you are doing all that stuff on your own. To us, that's a shorter time frame. I don't think we're going to see much of a reduction in the next couple of quarters, but you can see where you'd see some benefits and not necessarily having all that outside services helping you as you stabilize your processes. But the flip side is, as you think about it, and we think about the total expense base, if you look back to times when we had decline in mortgage volume, we tend to focus very heavily on rightsizing and rationalizing the mortgage business. But in the way M&T works, you actually tend to look at the entire bank. And what is logical that will need to happen over some time, we're still scoping it all out, is that while we're spending a lot more on regulatory compliance and the control structure is that we're going to have to begin to rationalize the expenses in other areas, right? So in terms of is $648 million our forever run rate? No, not at all, nor is 56% or 58% efficiency ratio. That doesn't make sense much to us. But we've been at this in attacking it so directly, that we haven't spent much time rationalizing. We've just been spending time building, right? So there will come a time -- not that far away, where we will be able to begin to think about where we can manage the expenses a little bit better. $648 million is not a run rate.
Brian Klock: Right, I didn't think so, but thanks for the extra color on that. And maybe just to go back to another question on the NIM as a follow-up here. You talked about prepayment penalties. Can you tell us what happened, I guess, on the accretable yield because the prepayment income you're talking about is obviously prepayment on loans and not -- you're not talking about the accretable yield on that?
René F. Jones: Yes, again, accretable -- let me just tell you, the total interest income on the $4.7 billion of acquired loans that we have was $71 million, I think. The last quarter, it was $77 million. Looked at another way, we had 15 basis points of lift in our yield last quarter from the acquired portfolio. We have 14 basis points this quarter, right? So you can kind of see that, that's embedded into the 3 basis points of margin for us that we've been talking about, and that 14 basis points of lift that we have will go away as those loans pay down.
Brian Klock: Got it. And I guess if I can take one other shot at it, then I'll get back in the queue. I guess you talked about not being really focused on Hudson City today because, obviously, getting through BSA and CCAR are primarily the biggest things you're focused on, but really -- I mean, should I take that to mean that you really can't think about Hudson City until you get the BSA and AML issues behind you?
René F. Jones: Well, yes, that's what we're doing. That's exactly what we're doing, right? I mean, we're focused on the pool bank first, and we're going to get that done, and we're going to do it right. And then from there, we'll see what we do with the expansion plans, right? I think that's the most effective way to approach it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: I just wanted to ask a question on your expense outlook in context of the broader efficiency ratio. The efficiency ratio has clearly creeped up year-over-year. And as we think about the next few quarters, if expenses stay elevated, is there enough revenue lift somewhere to take the efficiency ratio down from the 56% that you posted this quarter or until we see some rightsizing of the regulatory-related expense, it's going to stay at the 56% level?
René F. Jones: I mean, I think same answer. For several quarters, our expenses and therefore, our efficiency ratio is going to be elevated. The thing I would say, Erika, is it's not necessarily and probably not likely a rightsizing of regulatory expenses. It's the rightsizing of everything else because the regulatory environment is not like a couple of weeks. It's a total change in the industry, and you've got to have a different infrastructure. So most of our savings are going to come from other areas, and we'll probably have increased spending on -- even from where we are on compliance and infrastructure around risk.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And my second question has to do with potential growth of your balance sheet. Do you expect to plow -- just plow the excess deposits into your bond portfolio if loan growth continues to be sort of where your outlook is or rather deposit growth continues to outpace loan growth? Or do you expect to lever the balance sheet some to increase your securities as a percentage of your earning assets?
René F. Jones: The way I would say it is, as always, we're profitable enough to be patient. So we are not done with our liquid asset buffer. We did a lot -- as you saw, we did a lot of work when rates popped up, and we were able to get the government-backed securities at the rates of about 3.25%. Those yields have backed off, but our plan is to keep doing that, and particularly, if there's any increase in rates, we'd probably dive in and do more of that. But once we're at a steady state in terms of, for example, our liquidity coverage ratio, then I think the answer really is, is we're only going to do loans if they make profitable sense because we don't really want to weaken our balance sheet, and our history around securities is the same thing. So it will be quite interesting because, really, what you're seeing on the cash balances is that consumers and businesses are just uncomfortable spending. So it's all the same issue. But what tends to happen at M&T is we end up with fairly slow revenue growth, but a decent return and a healthy balance sheet. That is becoming more and more of a concern to me when I look what's the stories I'm getting out of the field and the different regions around pricing and structure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin: Just the first question, just -- with regarding net interest income, hearing your point about a little bit of coordinating pressure, it seemed like the period end -- there's a lot of moving parts this quarter, so with the loans and securities, securitizations, whatnot. So I just want to understand, I think period end balances for earning assets look a decent amount higher than earning assets. So are we at the point where we can expect NII to resume growth from here?
René F. Jones: Yes. I think that's kind of what I was trying to say in my comments. If you take away the swing in the prepayment fees, we would have had profit growth of $7 million, $8 million, linked quarter, and that's because of all the additional investment securities mostly. So I think that's right. That's what you'll see. You got some momentum going into the quarter. And then from a margin perspective, those are costing us a bit, right? In terms of a net interest margin percentage, they're coming down, it's coming down a bit, other than the fact that we're using cash. So it depends what happens to those cash balances again. But the way we look at it is that actually puts some slight margin pressure on you, but I still think, as I look at it, we probably have growth [indiscernible].
Kenneth M. Usdin: Okay, got it, right, driven by earning asset growth.
René F. Jones: Yes.
Kenneth M. Usdin: On the mortgage banking side, I just wanted to clarify something. You talked about the $15 million incremental fees from the servicing deal and you talked about expected weakness on what I think was the resi side. Are you saying that you expect those to pretty much offset each other?
René F. Jones: I would love to say on the residential side that things have stabilized. But because I've only seen 2 months of it, I'm a little nervous, but I wouldn't -- I would expect a decline in resi mortgage probably to be smaller than the lift from -- but it's been early. It was such a quick ramp down, but I'm thinking that the servicing increase probably should readily offset the other side, but hard to say, right?
Kenneth M. Usdin: Yes. And then on the cost side of just mortgage again. Related to the servicing deal, were those costs already run-rated in the third quarter so we'll see the fee benefit in the fourth, but do we get an incremental cost side increase related to the servicing acquisition?
René F. Jones: No, not material -- so yes, you're right, those expenses were there at the outset of the quarter. They were there around July 1.
Kenneth M. Usdin: Okay. And then the last, last thing for me just regarding -- you did a lot of these securitizations and capital kind of benefit type of transactions this quarter. Do you anticipate doing much more of that? Or did you kind of take care of a lot of the shifting those several transactions in the third? How are you thinking about balance sheet efficiency and mix going forward?
René F. Jones: We -- what I would categorize it as, Ken, is we did most of what the repositioning of things that were on our balance sheet. What we have left to do is maybe some issuance of unsecured debt and maybe some more purchases of liquid securities to invest that in. Maybe in the near term, we're on a program to do that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bob Ramsey of FBR.
Bob Ramsey: Sort of following along that line of thinking, should we think about the securitizations this quarter as sort of steps being taken right now to reposition the balance sheet or will auto securitization be an ongoing piece of your revenue stream?
René F. Jones: That's exactly what we're talking about right now. I mean, one of the things that we found when we kicked this off was that the appetite for yield was so high that it made the transaction work. But having said that, at least, in my history, it's an indirect auto loan, you can't get a return on your book. It's hard to get a return by selling it to somebody else. So we're thinking about that. And we'll probably be in much more of a flow-oriented program, because a lot of times, the appetite for that product is a little bit different than our own appetite just because we have different cost of capital or different return requirements. So more, but we haven't got there yet, but we're thinking about that.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. And then as you think about that, would the thought process be to securitize every quarter or a couple of times a year? Or how do you think about sort of the ebb and flow of originate and sale?
René F. Jones: I mean, we're just building an infrastructure. So I don't know we would do enough volume to be doing it anyway near it. I mean, once in a great while, at this point, I think, is probably the answer. The other thing is, if you're going to do that, Bob, you would see it right away because we would have to originate those for sale, right? So unless you see it's actually reclassifying those loans as we book them on, we're not there yet to be able to do something like that.
Bob Ramsey: Got it. And then one last question on expenses. I know you've talked a lot about sort of how they're going to be elevated. Is the build out done, though? I mean, do they remain elevated at these levels? Or are there further increases related to hiring or other from where we are today?
René F. Jones: It depends on the topic. We've made a lot of progress on, I believe, our capital planning. I don't know enough to suggest that we're done, but we've made a lot of progress there. We have more hiring to do on the BSA/AML, and as we talked to the folks, the plan is to continue to hire there. But I think we also are beginning our efforts on the other areas, you know what I mean? So my sense is that -- I don't have it in front of me. If I could give you -- Bob will probably put it in his annual report. But if I could give you a regulatory number, that number is probably going to go up, but I don't think our overall expenses will be going up.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gerard Cassidy of RBC Capital Markets.
Gerard S. Cassidy: Can we come back to the expenses that you're talking about that you've incurred in handling the regulatory issues? And they are going to remain elevated, of course, for a number of quarters. Can you give us an estimate of what you think down the road, what's kind of onetime, the outside consultants that you're using? And I know you've hired a bunch of people, and that's embedded, and that's going to remain around for quite some time. Is it 30% of the total numbers kind of the outside people and the rest is ongoing?
René F. Jones: It's a tough question. Let me tell you why. Once I say it, it will sound obvious. But day one, when you decide to make your investment, it's heavily loaded with outside people. So and then at times, at the end, when you're at your steady state, there's none. So I mean, if you're at -- say, probably, we got a high percentage of people and you're seeing us replace, as those outside people go away, you're seeing us replace with core infrastructure. The CCAR we're probably be further along. So that's a tough one. And then actually, most of this management stuff is actually -- we hired Don Truslow. He's hiring permanent staff, so that's all permanent. If you want to look at it, if you want to look at what could be more variable, look at the professional service line, look at the ramp up of professional services. Don't just look over the last year. Look at it over 8 or 9 quarters, and you'll see in that professional services line what -- where you have expenses that could move.
Gerard S. Cassidy: Okay, good. And then second, you've been able, as you've pointed out in this quarter, to do a little restructuring in the balance sheet, strengthens your capital ratios and with a very nice gain to boot. Last quarter, you had some securities gains. Do you still have those types of opportunities in the next 2 or 3 quarters to help defray some of those elevated costs that you're running into with the regulatory issues here?
René F. Jones: Well, no. I think the way I look at those -- each of those transactions, maybe with the exception of the Visa, were net cost to me. So the indirect auto loans were lower returns, but they were above our cost of capital. And so that was just the least cost way to get the liquidity profile, but they're all net cost. So to the extent that I don't have to do any more of those, I'd be very, very happy. So -- and I think as we kind of look at our projection where we will be, as I said, the only thing we really have left on the balance sheet is maybe more liquid. And fortunately, we have a fair amount of cash to be able to do that today. So yes, I wouldn't expect to see a lot of those types of gains and sale-type activities.
Gerard S. Cassidy: Speaking of those auto loans, aside from the lower yields that you just mentioned, did credit come into your thinking as well in securitizing them about the potential for increased delinquencies or anything?
René F. Jones: Well, related to high quality credit book, I mean, the long answer is we look at everything, but -- including the expenses. But no, I mean, that was very high quality. That's a book we originally underwrote at the time before we thought about the liquidity efforts we were going to keep those loans and so...
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Marty Mosby of Guggenheim.
Marty Mosby: We'll wrap it up with a technical question and I have 2 kind of broader kind of scope questions. If you look at the technical side, the other cost in operations was up almost $50 million. You mentioned several things, but it didn't really all add up to the $50 million. I just didn't know if there was something else beside the topics you've been talking about that's kind of loaded into that other expense line.
René F. Jones: Did you adjust for the Wilmington accrual issue?
Marty Mosby: I thought that I had tried to do that, but maybe that's the difference so...
René F. Jones: So I mean, that will be a big number, and then there was just a lot of little individual things, nothing that will really -- no one big item that I can really tell you about.
Marty Mosby: Okay. So nothing else transitory that would come out of that number?
René F. Jones: No.
Marty Mosby: Okay. And then the 2 bigger kind of scope, as you kind of look back and think of all the increased expenses, investment and process that you've had to put in place, really 2 things and with this is, one, what do you think was the primary catalyst? Was it because of your size growing or you're just active in M&A? Or is it just rolling down to smaller and smaller banks getting to be required to be, like you said, at the best of the industry even though your operations were maybe much simpler. But what was the catalysts? And then two, do you think after all is done, do you see improvement in risk management where you've already been one of the best in the industry? But do you see any back end benefit from doing all these exercise that will make you manage the bank differently or better?
René F. Jones: Yes. I mean, give me one second -- I mean, I'm just writing your question down -- the first part, I would go at it in 2 ways. I mean, as I said before, particularly on technology front and other areas like that, we were at a stage where we needed to make a fair bit of investment. So well, we hired Mahesh from one of our counterparts -- I don't know, it's almost 2 years ago now, right? And we've hired a number of other people because we realized that we needed to build the infrastructure from a larger bank. We had done 3, 4 or 5 acquisitions, right, recently. So that was what on our mind, the speed of it is clearly the fact that we are about $50 billion and growing. And the expectation is not only that you've got to be top notch in terms of risk management and controls because we've always been top-notch in terms of controls, but you can't do it right now. So if you take those 2 things combined, I think we're probably headed there anyway, but it's been accelerated a bit. The second part of your question, as to whether we can do anything better, the way I would characterize it is that M&T -- so we've had a great track record around control, and part of that is because we're so detail oriented. We focus a lot on people. We like to look under the covers of everything. When we close the books on a monthly basis, if moving expense went up, the question we ask is who moved. So we're very, very detailed. What we're trying to do as we get larger is to sort of overlay an addition sort of processes that let us see across the bank as the bank gets bigger, right? So I think it's probably a very positive thing. I think, does it justify all the cost we're spending? I don't know how you could possibly do that, but will there be some benefit? Yes, sure. Sure, there will be some benefit, especially when it comes to the risk management environment that Truslow is creating. I mean, I'm really looking forward to that. I mean, that's very, very necessary, given the larger size of the bank.
Marty Mosby: It sounds like this is still like kind of a stepwise, one of those points where you're growing assets on a linear line, but all of a sudden, your resources have to kind of ratchet up, but then they'll level out and you will get the benefit of capacity going forward?
René F. Jones: Yes. And then the other thing you realize is that as you -- in that size, whatever size we are, as a regional bank, I mean, it's not like -- I mean, take BSA/AML, it's not like we're going to have a state-of-the-art system that nobody else is going to have. I mean, this is probably the new requirement across the industry just to be in the game. So we figured we better get that done quickly. I hate to be behind in that respect.
Marty Mosby: And then just lastly, the other kind of broad scope was, earlier you mentioned the increase in your capital ratios with the delay [ph] you've seen in the acquisitions, do you think that, that changes your posturing as you go into the 2014 CCAR and how you think about deployment of capital?
René F. Jones: No, we haven't had any change whatsoever in our thinking. I don't know. We think it's just prudent to -- at this stage of the game to have more capital, and we've talked about whether it's now or down the road, as other opportunities come up. We think it's just a prudent position to have today. So I've been really pleased that we've sort of gotten ourselves back to the pack, and have a much, much stronger capital level. But we don't see any reason to change the course that we're on now of adding capital.
Marty Mosby: And that's where you're kind of patient at looking at how to deploy it comes into play. You know that eventually you'll have that opportunity?
René F. Jones: That's exactly right. That's exactly right. So you're thinking about how to do that, and a lot of people early in the process assume that, well, M&T's going to have to have a lot more capital so the return's going to go down. Our job is to manage both sides of that equation, right, and we're trying to rationalize it. As we have more capital, certain things have made sense before don't make any sense anymore. And so far, we're doing a pretty good job at it. We're going to keep working on that trade-off.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. At this time, I'll turn the call back over to Mr. MacLeod for any closing remarks.
Donald J. MacLeod: Again, thank you, all, for participating today. And as always, if clarification of any of the items on the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations Department at (716) 842-5138.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's M&T Bank's Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-17 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jackie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the M&T Bank's Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Don MacLeod, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Donald J. MacLeod: Thank you, Jackie, and good morning. This is Don MacLeod. I’d like to thank, everyone, for participating in M&T's Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it, along with the financial tables and schedules from our website, www.mtb.com and by clicking on the Investor Relations link. Also before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on Forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now I'd like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, René Jones.
René F. Jones: Thank you, Don, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. As I noted in the press release, our earnings quality remained strong in the recent quarter, including higher net interest income, comparatively strong mortgage banking revenues and above average credit quality. We took advantage of favorable market conditions by executing prudent balance sheet actions that enhanced our liquidity, capital and long-term return profile, while continuing to serve the needs of our communities in a relatively competitive landscape and an evolving regulatory environment. Let's review the detail of the quarter's results. After which, Don and I will be happy to take your questions. Turning to the specific numbers. Diluted GAAP earnings per share, common share were $2.55 in the second quarter of 2013, up 29% from $1.98 in this year's first quarter and up 49% from $1.71 in last year's second quarter. Net income for the recent quarter was $348 million, up from $274 million in the prior quarter. Net income was $233 million in the second quarter of 2012. During the quarter, we took advantage of some -- of the stronger risk appetite from investors in the current low interest rate environment by selling over $1 billion of private label mortgage-backed securities previously held in our available-for-sale investment portfolio. The after-tax loss on the sale amounted to $28 million or $0.22 per common share. This transaction resulted in higher liquidity and capital and removed a risk-sensitive asset, which had been generating substantially all of our other-than-temporary impairment charges, from our balance sheet, and assists us in preparation for entering the 2014 CCAR process. Also during the quarter, we sold our holdings of Visa and MasterCard common stock, which we had received through the restructuring of those companies back before the financial crisis. The after-tax gain amounted to $62 million or $0.48 per common share. Lastly, following the second anniversary of the Wilmington Trust merger, we reversed an accrual for a contingent compensation obligation assumed in that transaction. The result is a reduction of noninterest expense, having an after-tax impact of $15 million or $0.12 per common share. Taken together, these 3 items contributed $50 million to net income for the quarter or $0.38 per common share. Since 1998, M&T has consistently provided supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis, from which we exclude the after-tax effect of amortization of intangible assets, as well as expenses and gains associated with mergers and acquisitions. Included in GAAP earnings for the second quarter of 2013 were after-tax, merger-related expenses related to Hudson City that were incurred early in the quarter and which amounted to $5 million or $0.04 per common share. This compares with $3 million or $0.02 per share in the prior quarter. After-tax expenses from the amortization of intangible assets was $8 million or $0.06 per common share, unchanged from the prior quarter. Net operating income for the quarter, which excludes those merger-related expenses and intangible amortization, was $361 million compared with $285 million in the linked quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $2.65 for the recent quarter, up 29% from $2.06 in the linked quarter. Net operating income, expressed as an annualized rate of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common equity, was 1.81% and 22.72% for the recent quarter. The comparable returns were 1.48% and 18.71% in the first quarter of 2013. In accordance with SEC guidelines, this morning press release -- this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results, including tangible assets and equity. Turning to the balance sheet and the income statement. Tax equivalent net interest income was $684 million for the second quarter of 2013, up from $663 million in the linked quarter. As required by GAAP, we regularly revisit the cash flow projections on which we base our valuations of acquired loans. In general, continued improvement in economic conditions, particularly in the former Wilmington Trust footprint, led to a reduction in estimated expected credit losses on acquired loans of $130 million. As a result, our estimates of cash flows to be generated by the acquired loans have increased by about 2%. Those increases resulted in about $6 million of additional interest income in the second quarter on our $4.9 billion portfolio of acquired loans as compared to the first quarter. Of course, as acquired loans repay, and that portfolio reduces in size in future periods, the dollar amount of interest income earned on acquired loans will also decline. Net interest margin was 3.71% during the second quarter, unchanged from the first quarter. A higher level of accretable yield from acquired loans added about 6 basis points to the margin compared to the first quarter. Prepayment penalties from commercial loans, combined with cash basis interest received on nonaccrual loans, added about 7 basis points to the margin as compared with the prior quarter, and higher level of excess funds held at the fed reduced the margin by about 9 basis points. This reflected a higher level of deposits by Wilmington Trust -- held by Wilmington Trust customers in connection with the pending -- in connection with pending capital markets transactions, as well as proceeds from the private-label MBS and the Visa and MasterCard stock that we sold. Lastly, in line with our prior outlook, there were some 4 basis points of what we'd consider core margin compression, which reflects the continuation of the trends that we, in the industry, have been seeing, higher-yielding loans maturing and being replaced at today's lower yields. As for the balance sheet, the average loans grew at an annualized 1% from the first quarter. Compared with 2013's first quarter, changes in average balance -- in average loans by category were as follows: Commercial and industrial loans grew a healthy 9% annualized; commercial real estate loans grew an annualized 2%; residential real estate loans declined an annualized 12%, reflecting in part our conversion of $288 million of FHA loans into Ginnie Mae securities, the majority of which were retained in our investment portfolio; consumer loans were down an annualized 2%. On an end-of-period basis, both commercial and industrial loans, as well as CRE loans, grew at a similar pace to what we experienced on an average basis for the quarter. From a regional perspective, the Upstate and Western New York region, as well as Pennsylvania, experienced decent overall loan growth at 8% and 7% annualized, respectively. This included double-digit annualized growth in C&I loans. While the benefit we've been seeing as a result of the HSBC divestitures locally is tailing off, I would tell you that there is still some lingering benefit, as customers who had not moved to M&T in the initial period following the merger are now finding M&T to be a good fit. Loans in our metro region, which includes New York City, were relatively unchanged, reflecting paydowns on several large CRE transactions that generated the prepayment penalties I referenced earlier. The Mid-Atlantic region was also flat, I think largely in connection with the fact that it's the region that we're seeing the most competition from banks, as well as from life insurance companies. Average core deposits, which excluded deposits received at M&T's Cayman Island office and CDs greater than $2,000 -- $250,000, grew an annualized 12%, reflecting in part the trust-related deposits I mentioned earlier. Turning to net interest -- noninterest income. Noninterest income totaled $509 million in the second quarter compared to $433 million in the prior quarter. Included in that figure is a $56 million of net securities gains, which includes losses on the sale of the private-label MBS and the gains from the sale of Visa and MasterCard stock that I previously noted. Noninterest income, excluding securities gains and losses, was $452 million, improved from $443 million in the linked quarter. Mortgage banking revenues declined to $91 million in the recent quarter compared with $93 million in the prior quarter. Residential origination volumes declined by 2% from the first quarter, while residential gain on sale margins declined by 40 basis points. The bright spot was on the commercial side, where originations and gain on sale revenue nearly doubled from the first quarter, which masked the decline on the residential side. We'll update you on our outlook for mortgage banking revenues in a few moments. Fee income from deposit services provided were $112 million during the recent quarter compared with $111 million in the linked quarter. Trust and investment revenues were $125 million, up from $102 million in the prior -- excuse me, $125 million, up from $122 million in the prior quarter. Those revenues benefited from the normal seasonal uptick in tax preparation fees. Turning to expenses. Operating expenses, which exclude merger-related expenses and the amortization of intangible assets, were $578 million for the second quarter. Excluding the reversal of the accrual that I mentioned at the beginning of the call, operating expenses were $604 million. This compares to $618 million in the first quarter. The decline compared to the linked quarter reflects a return to normal levels of compensation expense, following the seasonally high levels in the first quarter, partially offset by higher professional service fees, including those related to our BSA/AML work. The efficiency ratio, which excludes securities gains and losses, as well as intangible amortization and the merger-related gains and expenses, was 50.9% for the second quarter, improved from 55.9% in the prior quarter. Excluding the reversal of the Wilmington Trust accrual, the efficiency ratio would have been 53.2% in the second quarter. That efficiency ratio was also improved from 56.9% in the year-ago quarter. Next let's turn to credit. Our credit quality remained strong and in line with our expectations. Nonaccrual loans were 1.46% of loans at the end of the second quarter, improved from 1.6% of total loans at the end of the previous quarter and 1.52% of total loans at the end of last year. Other nonperforming assets, consisting of assets taken in foreclosure of defaulted loans, also continued to decline, down from $96 million at the end of the first quarter to $82 million as of June 30. As has been the case for some time, we expect to report a further decline in our level of criticized assets when we file our 10-Q next month. Net charge-offs for the second quarter were $57 million compared with $37 million in the first quarter. The increase was the result of a $30 million charge-off on a loan to a wholesaler and remanufacturer of auto parts. The annualized charge-off rate -- the annualized net charge-offs, as a percentage of total loans, were 35 basis points, in line with our long-term average. Annualized net charge-offs were 23 basis points in the linked quarter. The provision for credit losses was $57 million for the second quarter, exactly matching charge-offs. As a result, the allowance for credit losses was unchanged at $922 million at the end of the second quarter. The ratio of allowance for credit losses to total loans was 1.41%, again, unchanged from the linked quarter. The allowance -- the loan-loss allowance as of June 30 was 4.9x the annualized net charge-offs for the annualized year-to-date net charge-off level. Loans 90 days past due, excluding acquired loans that had been marked to fair value at acquisition, were $340 million at end of the recent quarter. Of these, $315 million or 93% are guaranteed by government-related entities. Loans 90 days past due were $331 million at the end of the first quarter, of which 94% were guaranteed by government-related entities. M&T's Tier 1 common capital ratio was an estimated 8.55% at the end of June, up 62 basis points from 9 -- from 7.93% at end of the first quarter. With the adoption of the final rule on Basel III capital accord for U.S. bank holding companies, we are now working on formalizing our disclosure for this ratio and should begin ongoing reporting of this measure by the end of the third quarter. Our preliminary estimate is that our Tier 1 common ratio under Basel III will be 40 to 45 basis points lower than that under Basel I. This contrasts with our remarks on the January call, where we estimated that our Tier 1 common ratio under Basel III -- under the Basel III NPR will be lower by some 75 to 100 basis points than under Basel I. So another way, we estimate that our Tier 1 common ratio under Basel III at the end of June would be approximately 8.1%. Lastly, let's turn to our outlook. The rising long-term interest rates during the quarter from historical low levels provide us with an opportunity to invest in higher-yielding, qualifying, liquid securities, and we continue to see the potential for the estimated 3 basis points of quarterly core margin pressure that we've previously indicated. The intense competition among lenders and other -- in our markets continues. Although at this point, our outlook for mid-single-digit loan growth for 2013 is unchanged. The tapering off in Residential Mortgage Banking activity that we referenced earlier this year has obviously begun and should lead to further declines in mortgage banking revenues and gain on sale margins during the second half of the year. Turning to expenses. While we expect our core expenses to continue to be well managed, we expect our professional service expenses to continue to rise, reflecting our continued investment in infrastructure, including risk management, as well as enhancements to our capital planning and stress testing. In addition, we are hiring staff to support those and other regulatory efforts. And with respect to credit. Despite the charge-off on the loan to the auto parts company this quarter, we expect net charge-offs to remain low for the remainder of 2013, which, as I've noted before, are already below what we consider to be our long-run -- long-term loss rate. As I've mentioned previously, we remain focused on enhancing our capital and liquidity profile and closing the gap with our peer regional banks as we transition towards becoming a CCAR bank in 2014. We continue to build a quality capital at a healthy pace, with our estimated Tier 1 common ratio at 8.55%, again, up 140 basis points from last June and 62 basis points from March. Lastly, I want to end by giving you an update on the BSA/AML matter that we disclosed in April. As you know, we subsequently entered into a written agreement with the Federal Reserve on June 18, which outlined our obligations to address the fed's concerns regarding BSA/AML compliance. The written agreement calls for submitting a plan in the near term, which would then need to be carried out to the satisfaction of our board and the fed. The satisfactory execution of that plan is a critical path towards a resolution of that written agreement. We are working diligently to address these matters in a timely and accurate manner. The successful resolution of which will result in a stronger risk management infrastructure at M&T for years to come. Of course, all of these projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth: changes in interest rates, political events and other macroeconomic factors, which may materially -- which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. I know you all have been busy this morning with all of the earnings announcements in addition to ours. So now maybe we'll -- let's open up the call to questions. Before which, I'll have Jackie briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Brian Klock with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Brian Klock: I just want to make sure I get all the moving pieces here. So within the release, you guys talked about a $13 million impact to net interest income, which sounded to me maybe related to the $130 million you re-classed from the non-accretable. So that to me, I think is -- how does that kind of reconcile with the $6 million you talked about here this morning?
René F. Jones: Yes. You've got to think about -- we -- when we report, in our Q, the table on accretable yield, it's all of the yield on the acquired loans. So you have that number coming down from quarter-to-quarter, right? We added a new estimate of our cash flows that we're likely to receive. So really, when you look at the change from the quarter-to-quarter, that accretable yields from acquired loans, that actually increased by just $6 million, right, because the number is coming down over time.
Brian Klock: Got you. So the $70.5 million you recorded in the first quarter, that number had gone down by $7 million, and now you added $6 million in. So...
René F. Jones: Yes. So I think that number is about $6.5 million higher than the last quarter, $70.5 million to $77 million or so.
Brian Klock: I got you. Okay. And then -- so I guess going forward then, that $6 million -- I mean, I guess, if I had a run rate, that I was kind of assuming you'd have a level yield in that acquired portfolio that the accretable yield would go down, I should be adding somewhere about that $13 million impact to my -- what I would have guessed would have been your normal accretable yield going forward? Is that fair to say?
René F. Jones: Well, I think if you were to reset yourself, right, you can kind of look back at those tables we provided. You can see how much that is coming down. So for -- I won't give you the example, but you can kind of work your way through that. But the way I think about it, Brian, is we're left with about $4.9 million of acquired loans out of, say, 60 -- sorry, 6 -- $4.9 billion of acquired loans out of $60 billion. And if you look at the yield, the yield -- the difference between our yield on loans with versus without those acquired loans is about 15 basis points. And if you assume for a minute that the average life is 3 years, you're going to lose about 5 basis points of that every year, basis point or so a quarter. That's embedded in when Don and I talk about 3 basis points of compression. That's one of the things causing that compression. So your assumption of level yield is that's the way we look at it. That's the appropriate way to look at it, I think.
Brian Klock: Okay. So x all of this, your guidance then of saying, "Look, you should be back to sort of the 3 to 4 basis points of core compression." That is assuming though that you take, what, about $2 billion or so -- $2.4 billion of interest-bearing deposits, that excess liquidity, which was the 9 basis point drag this quarter on the NIM. You are going to put that back to work, either you're going to buy some securities or actually put that in organic loan growth?
René F. Jones: Yes. Well, I mean, how do I -- good question. So what I would say is you got it right. So we're -- our thought process is 3 basis points of compression a quarter. We're still sticking with that. One of the things that we do have is we do have the opportunity to reinvest that cash in sort of qualifying liquid securities, as you start thinking about the new ratios that are coming out. So that gives us some ability to offset. And I don't know how to exactly think about that because as you know, we often think about match funded. So as we put on Ginnie Maes and those types of things, economically, we think about the spread towards wholesale funding that we could go out and get. But you're right, one of the sources that could in the near term have the margin be more stable is reinvesting those -- that cash.
Brian Klock: Okay. And then, I'm going to get in the queue. But just with that, you haven't reinvested that excess liquidity yet?
René F. Jones: We've invested some. So if you look at the investment securities portfolio, you've got -- so we sold the $1.1 billion of the agencies. That probably had an average impact of somewhere between $600 million and $700 million on the balance sheet. But we also purchased a little over $800 million of Ginnies. And if you think about what we've been saying, our investment securities book has been shrinking, in part because, and this is my term, the rate seemed to be a little artificial. And so with a jump-up of 100 basis points, it was sort of a nice opportunity for us to say, "Okay. Well, let's start buying some, so that we can hold those qualifying securities as we go forward."
Brian Klock: Okay. I guess, that agencies you bought, can you just give us that yield, and I'll -- then I'll get back in the queue.
Donald J. MacLeod: The Ginnies we bought -- we committed to buy in 2Q, but they all settle in July. So they're not on the balance sheet at June 30.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Hagerman with Sterne Agee.
Todd L. Hagerman: René, couple of questions just in terms of the BSA issue, as well as Hudson City. First off, can you give us a sense of like the time line for the planned submission to the fed?
René F. Jones: Well, I mean, the only thing we really can give you is as you saw in the written agreement, there's a requirement, around 60 days, for us to come up with our credible plan that would need to be approved by the regulators. And then what's probably most important is from their reaction, we have to go execute that plan, right? So the way I think about it is we're really focused on submitting that plan, and then we'll have our head down for some time, trying to make sure that we have everything in place to execute it. So I think sort of speculating on any time line, at least right now, doesn't make much sense for us. We'll keep updating you as we move forward. But there's not really much to say beyond that at this point.
Todd L. Hagerman: Okay. Is only just my assumption that you guys, obviously, had kind of started that work prior to formerly receiving the agreement based on what they had possibly communicated to you previously, as you guys disclosed that last quarter.
René F. Jones: Yes. I mean, that's true. I mean, I'll say 2 things: I feel that I'm happy, we got a good jumpstart on the issue. And in the same tone, I think we've got a lot of work to do. So I think the way we think about it is once you get into something like that, like everything else, you want to build a first-rate process, not one that just sort of meets the hurdle, but that you can sort of use as an investment for the long term. So I feel good, and at the same time, I also feel like we've got a lot of work to do.
Todd L. Hagerman: Yes. No, understood. And then I don't know if you can answer this. But within the agreement, there's not necessarily any prohibition in terms of asset purchases and so on and so forth. But I think as you mentioned in your remarks, you want the plan and execution, so to speak, to be to the satisfaction of not only the fed, but the board as well. So help me kind of understand in terms of, again, kind of that process, if you will, from a formal standpoint and how it may affect or influence your ongoing kind of evaluation of the Hudson City transaction as I think about valuation in your ongoing review of that deal as time goes on.
René F. Jones: Well, you got a couple of questions in there. I think -- I mean, I think one, I'm going to repeat myself. I think once we get through the work we have to do on BSA/AML, and when we get through to the satisfaction of everybody, then we'll consider what we do with things such as Hudson City, but really not before then. In terms of the economics, I mean, we have a good understanding of Hudson City's balance sheet. We think about, for example, what the moves in rates will do to them. We -- there's a lot of moving parts, but there's nothing that makes us uncomfortable about the economics of the transaction relative to where we were before. Obviously, all of that's got to be revisited when we sort of get back at it, right?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin: Can you talk a little bit about the servicing acquisition that you guys are going to close, when is it going to close and how we think about the financial impact of it?
René F. Jones: Well, again, I think the first thing is, is that we're not purchasing servicing, right? We -- what we've agreed to do, that's been out there in the [indiscernible] public for some time is to be a sub-servicer, right? And so just sort of operationally, I mean, if you think about expenses for a minute, you're likely to see expenses rise on a normal basis. I talked about that earlier on my earlier comments. But we've now hired about 500 people located here in Buffalo that used to work for a third party. And all of those 500 people are up and running as of July 1, right? So first thing you're going to see is that there'll be a little bit higher expenses as you get into the third quarter, and then that work will trickle in through the quarter, right? And so I don't think you really get a full running impact of any change in our servicing profitability in probably till the fourth quarter, right? But I would say, it's kind of relatively negligible if you think of the bottom line because of the fact that you've got to sort of start up -- negligible next quarter because you've got to put those upfront costs in place.
Kenneth M. Usdin: I was getting more at what you think the incremental kicker is from a run rate perspective, not from a next quarter. But is this accretive to earnings? Is it -- I mean, the math would say it is. I'm just trying to give -- get a sense of if this -- is this a needle mover, is this just...
René F. Jones: I mean, it's a great question, Ken. I guess, the way -- I didn't think about it till you just said that. But I don't really -- it's not that big, such that it's going -- I mean, going to offset the decline that we're going to see in residential mortgage gains, and we saw a 40-point decline on the residential side there. I wouldn't be surprised to see the same again next quarter. I don't -- I think that's probably the bigger theme, maybe mortgage banking revenue will be a little bit supported over the next few quarters by it, but you're still going to see an overall downward trend.
Kenneth M. Usdin: Yes. And René, just the -- that reversal of the Wilmington gain, did -- could you just talk to us about the size of that and where that was geographically within the expense lines?
René F. Jones: Well, it's in other expense. And this was when we closed the merger at the outset of the opening balance sheet, there was contingency outstanding, obviously, because if you can take yourself back to all that turmoil, we wanted to make sure that we were properly reserved given all of the contracts that were sort of out there. And I think what you see is this very nice sign that as -- over time, we've kind of gotten through the integration. It's now a little past the 2-year anniversary. A lot of people have remained with M&T and have decided to sort of remain as part of the group. So what you're kind of seeing is the finality of all that. And there was sort of that amount that was no longer considered a contingent liability as we got to this quarter. So I think I said the amount, did I not?
Donald J. MacLeod: On a pretax basis, it was $26 million.
Kenneth M. Usdin: $26 million. Okay. And then last quick thing is just can you give us the mortgage apps pipeline closings?
René F. Jones: Oh, yes. So I'll give you a couple numbers. So this lock volume, I'll give you, the first quarter was $1.8 billion -- $1.9 billion. Second quarter was $1.8 billion. And then if I give you the pipeline, at the end of the first quarter, we have $1.6 billion. And the end of the second quarter, we have $1.6 billion. So what's happening is the volume is up, is remaining steady, maybe down 1 or 2 percentage points. But the only reason that's happening is because the gain on sale margins are dropping at a healthy pace. So I think that kind of tees you up. I wouldn't expect a big, big change in volume next quarter, but I would expect gain on sale margins to continue to decline.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Ramsey with FBR Capital Markets.
Bob Ramsey: I was hoping you could talk a little bit about how the movement that we've seen in mortgage rates and interest rates generally impacts the Hudson City acquisition. And I think that those assets get mark to market at close. So with mortgage rates higher, how does that affect, I guess, the capital gain, as well as the income off of that business?
René F. Jones: Okay. So I'm going to give you this very -- in a very general sense and from my understanding of, over the past year, the balance sheet, not necessarily from having any conversations with Hudson City. And I would guess, if I look at the profile of that balance sheet, the mortgages will extend some, net interest income will be higher. The issue you had is the steepening of the curve. So obviously, that's going to affect a little bit of the mark on any sort of fixed rate asset side, but you're going to have them out there for a longer period as well, right, so that's a little bit of an offset. And I wouldn't expect much in the way of any change in the mark on the liability side, right, because the short end didn't move. So you could get some -- if you're thinking of March, maybe there would be some negative impact as where we stand today. Really what matters most is what happens to the short end because that's where the big issue is on the wholesale borrowing. The second point I would make is that as we see things here, these are reflections of the economy improving. So you also should get some improvement on the credit profile. I mean, they're pristine. But having said that, everybody should get some benefit from the improvement in the economy. And the third thing is that the change in the Basel III rule is probably a positive effect from what we are all thinking on how mortgages are treated, both from the complexity of what we have to do to track it all and also from the favorable capital treatment from the rule now being finalized. So there's a lot of moving parts, right, but those are the items.
Bob Ramsey: Okay, that's helpful. And then one other question, and I'll hop back out. The bump in CRE loan yields this quarter -- I know you mentioned prepayment penalty income. I'm just curious how much of that was the prepayment? How much was maybe the adjustment in assumptions on the Wilmington purchase loans? And I didn't catch the prepayment dollar amount if you gave it earlier.
René F. Jones: Yes. I lumped it all together, and I think with the nonperformings, and we said that was 7 basis points, the 2 in total relative to the previous quarter. And I mean, without getting real -- I have it somewhere, probably half of that is probably prepayment. Give me a second. Yes, I don't have the 2 broken out, but let's say it's half of the 7 basis points, just as a general thought. I think the real issue, it's interesting, is that -- so when we sit around thinking about that we say, "Okay, well maybe that won't reoccur next quarter." So we tend to be relatively conservative. But having said that, it's very logical that we were seeing prepayment -- those prepayment penalties, because all throughout our balance sheet, we saw the impact of lower rates and people trying to refinance. We saw it in credit, in both deals, in our normal portfolio, where it actually was not a bad quarter in terms of loan volume in terms of origination. But we're seeing a lot of refinancings. We're seeing that in the nonperforming book. It's also part of what's behind the reversal on the Wilmington side of the -- into accretable yield, right? Because people are able to refinance things that are relatively healthy. So that said, it's hard to predict. It's somewhat lumpy in the margin, but it could continue, for while -- as people are trying to make sure they lock down their refinancings with the anticipation of rates being up.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. And the Wilmington credit market investment, was that predominantly in the commercial real estate portfolio? Is that where virtually all that was?
René F. Jones: It's across the board. There was a fair amount, a healthy amount in the real estate portfolio, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Penala with Bank of America.
Erika Penala: Just a follow-up question on the liquidity. What -- of the $2.4 billion in average balances, especially in light of the Basel III requirements on liquidity, what -- how much should we consider excess to -- for reinvestment?
René F. Jones: So let me just -- I'll get to you -- I'll do it in 2 parts. So overall, our focus over the next couple of quarters is to sort of -- is to continue to improve our liquidity profile, and sort of the movement in rates makes that a little bit easier today. So as we get to the outset, would not be surprising to see all of that sort of reinvested in very, very liquid-type securities. But beyond that, we probably would continue to focus on that through additional -- we did $800 million of unsecured funding a quarter or 2 ago. We'll probably do more of that, right? So over time, we'll start to work on that liquidity profile as we get closer to the final rules. And then that will have to be also invested. So I'd kind of think of the first set as maybe all of the $2.4 billion, $2.5 billion will be invested. And then there'll be more, but it will -- those will be at sort of match-funded spreads, right?
Erika Penala: And just a second question on the follow-up to your expense guidance. Should we think of the base upon which we're growing expenses for the second half of the year as $604 million?
René F. Jones: I don't see anything wrong with doing that. I think yes, then you'll have to make adjustments for -- again, I mentioned the people we've hired and we continue to hire folks on the regulatory side. I think since last quarter, for example, we've hired 53 BSA/AML professionals, we've added to the team. And then you'll see professional services rising some as well, but starting at that $604 million is probably a good way to go about it.
Operator: Your next question comes your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Crédit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: Just looking at overall loan growth here. I understand why you're reducing the consumer real estate portfolio at a pretty fast clip here. But I'm wondering, can you provide some commentary around your expectations for overall loan growth before the Hudson City deal closes, really given kind of modest negative loan growth in the first quarter and flattish loan growth during the second quarter.
René F. Jones: What was the first part? Modest negative growth when?
Craig Siegenthaler: I was just saying -- well, I mean, the question is what are your expeditions for overall loan growth given residential real estate is kind of running off and commercial is actually fairly strong.
René F. Jones: Yes. So I don't know if you caught that, but we securitized some FHA loans. And so a little under $300 million of that just went right into our securities book. So in terms of earnings assets, there wasn't much of a change. There'll be a slight runoff in the resi portfolio, but we'll also do some -- retain a certain portion to sort of keep that runoff to be flat as we go forward. The C&I, I mean, it was a little higher than normal, and I would say 9% growth is pretty healthy. We haven't seen a change. When we look at our pipeline for both C&I and CRE, the quarter was pretty good. The amount of pressure on deals that we accepted was light. The margins were strong. The thing that we're seeing is that there's a fair amount of prepays, particularly on the fixed rate portfolios. And then finally, if you look at the consumer side on as that [ph] basis, and particularly if you look at home equity and indirect, for the first time, they actually had slight growth. So it sort of seems like those are leveling off, which is kind of why we held our -- held on to our 5% number overall. So we don't see much change. Some people are talking about slowdown. But everything we see is -- the slowdown is driven by paydowns, which is always good from a credit perspective, it's always good from the customer locking in lower rates and being healthier, right? So that's our logic behind sort of sticking with 5%, or mid-single digit, I think is what we -- or low mid-single-digit loan growth.
Craig Siegenthaler: Got it. And René, you classified about $10.4 billion of consumer real estate loans in the June quarter. I understand why that was down, but do you expect that portfolio to decline at a pretty quick pace the next few quarters? Or you think that should kind of level off here?
René F. Jones: It hasn't changed much. I mean, it's been down 1%, 2% every time we report. And on an asset basis, it was actually flat to up this quarter, right? So I kind of view it as slowing. I can't think of another reason why that would change.
Craig Siegenthaler: And then, René, just a number question on the fee waiver. What was the impact of fee waivers in the second and first quarter in the trust income line? Was it material?
René F. Jones: Fee waivers.
Donald J. MacLeod: On the money funds, I think I'll have to get back to you on that, Craig. I don't have that in hand right now.
René F. Jones: Well, finally to your last question, I think the other thing is, is that we may do more securitizations, right? So that will be just to re-class. But again, we want to make sure that the portions of our balance sheet that we have as customer loans, that we make sure that they have guarantees and a certain amount of liquidity as we kind of think about our liquidity coverage.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley.
Ken A. Zerbe: René, at the beginning of the call, you mentioned that you -- part of the reason why you sold the securities was to help your 2014 CCAR application. Is -- has anything changed in terms of the application process? Are you -- is there a certain reason for why you're doing it? Because obviously, you went through the process last year. I was just wondering what's different about next year's process.
René F. Jones: That's a great question. It's a great, great question. Well, we went through the CapPR process, which is a process where we run our own models and we go through a review, and the Federal Reserve and other -- Federal Reserve actually goes through and reviews our governance and our process. But we've actually never been a CCAR bank, which requires an extra step, which is being part of the horizontal process, in which half is -- half of that process is what we did before, but the other half is that it now goes through the fed's own models, right, which was something that we're not familiar with. So we've really taken the position that as we kind of have learned about our portfolio, we thought -- we want to make sure that we're pretty well positioned to go through that test for the first time. And of course, that sort of is all benchmarked off of where you are at 9 30. So it's been a big focus of ours. Well that married up very nicely, with the private label mortgage-backed securities is that we run a model and we've modeled those for valuation purposes. And until recently, our model was saying that those securities were worth more than what the market prices were implying. But as we got into the early part of the quarter, that changed, and the valuations on the market were well above our model. And so we decided to pull the trigger. To give you some sense, had we pulled that trigger back in '09, the difference would have been roughly $240 million, right? So it's not a core security. It's also a risk-sensitive security. So if you have stress and housing prices were to drop, right, then not only are you not going to collect that $200 million extra, you're going to take a hit, right, in OTTI under extreme stress. So it's not a core asset. We decided to move it off, and then we take the $1 billion, and we also use it to improve our liquidity profile.
Ken A. Zerbe: All right. That helps. And then just really quickly, or last thing is on the CRE payouts you mentioned, there was a couple of big ones in the quarter that drove the prepays. Was that -- how large were they? I'm just trying to get a sense of if it was meaningful for the growth in CRE this quarter.
René F. Jones: Yes. It would have changed the percentage growth. I definitely think so. I don't know how to -- I mean, first of all, there were several. Several loans, anywhere from $5 million to $30 million, $35 million would not be abnormal. And not only that, in our nonaccrual book, you had several loans that paid off as well, right, so both there and the nonaccrual balances. So how do I say it? I think -- I kind of think of it as more of a trend. I don't know how long the trend will last. But I don't know if that helps. There was not one really large transaction that paid down [ph].
Operator: And that was our final question. I'd now like to turn the floor back over to management for any closing remarks.
Donald J. MacLeod: Again, thank you, all, for participating today. And as always, if clarification of any of the items on the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations Department at area code (716) 842-5138.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-16 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, my name is Jackie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the M&T Bank First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Don MacLeod, Director of Investor Relations. Mr. MacLeod, please go ahead.
Donald J. MacLeod: Thank you, Jackie, and good morning. This is Don MacLeod. I’d like to thank everybody for participating in M&T's first quarter 2013 earnings conference call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it, along with the financial tables and schedules, from our website, www.mtb.com, and by clicking on the Investor Relations link. Also, before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on Forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now I’d like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, René Jones.
René F. Jones: Thank you, Don, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. Before I get into the discussion of M&T's results for the first quarter, let me say a few words about the announcement we made on Friday regarding the pending Hudson City merger. I believe this is the first time since current management came to M&T that we have had to publicly disclose a matter arising from a discussion with our regulators. However, in this case, because it has an impact on the pending merger, we are able to make a limited statement. As you may recall, we announced the merger in August of last year. Apart from any issues specific to M&T, in terms of context, the industry is already in a regulatory environment that seems clearly heightened in at least 2 relevant ways. First, if you look at recent merger activity in the banking sector, the trend seems to be that it's taking notably longer to get regulatory approvals. Said another way, we don't take regulatory approval for granted. Second, industry as a whole is subject to a heightened regulatory environment and expectations, including bank's -- the Bank Secrecy Act and anti-money laundering compliance programs. So that's the context in which our Hudson City deal is taking place. During the 7 months we've been working on the Hudson City merger, we, of course, were also involved in our normal ongoing discussions with our regulators as part of the continuous supervisory process. In addition, we have been continuously working on scaling up and strengthening the overall risk management infrastructure of our growing bank, along with planned improvements to the BSA/AML process. We recently were made aware of the fact that certain deficiencies in our BSA/AML compliance program rose to a level of significance such that they would impact our ability to close the merger with Hudson City in the near term and that we would have to implement the plan for improvement and demonstrate its efficacy [ph] to satisfaction of M&T management, our board and the regulators prior to obtaining regulatory approvals for the merger. Our ongoing investment includes bolstering internal staff and hiring an outside consultant to help us evaluate and improve our governance, people, processes, controls and systems. Fortunately, these efforts are already under way. Of course, we then talked things over with Hudson City. Both companies remain strongly committed to this merger as it is a highly beneficial transaction for each of us for all the reasons we've discussed previously. So we mutually decided that we would proceed with our shareholder meetings on the merger and would also allow more time under our agreement, an additional 5 months, while M&T works hard to resolve these issues. We definitely appreciate the fact that Hudson City has been a totally supportive and steadfast partner in this. So what are the regulatory issues? As you know, we have obligations to keep supervisory information confidential. So there is a limit to how expansive we can be today. And we can only talk about what we know as we sit here today. While we don't anticipate any other material issues cropping up as we get into this, of course that can never be completely ruled out. We have no reason to believe that the issues involve any wrongdoing or illegal conduct by anyone in M&T work or any identifiable instances of actual money laundering activity using our bank. Independent of the merger, we are fully committed to resolving the BSA/AML compliance concerns and to carry out any further requirements our regulators may ask of us that we are not aware of today. It is important to note that these things take time. However, we should be helped by who we are -- who and what we are. Compared to some other institutions that have had these issues, M&T is relatively uncomplicated and locally focused business. We don't have any significant international operations and don't have the kinds of diverse complex businesses that the larger money center banks are engaged in. However, we do have a lot to do as we take having strong compliance programs seriously. With that said, we are optimistic that we can make the progress that we need to make to satisfy our regulators and to obtain regulatory approval for this merger. And I know both parties are as firm as ever that this is a deal worth getting done. And that's why M&T and Hudson City remain strongly committed to the deal and to do whatever we need to do to see it through. Next, I'd like to review the highlights from our first quarter results, after which Don and I will take your questions. The results were comparatively strong, exceeding our internal projections and get us off to a good start for 2013. Turning to the specific numbers, diluted GAAP earnings per share were $1.98 in the first quarter of 2013, up 32% from $1.50 in the last -- in last year's first quarter. When you compare this to the $2.16 in the first -- fourth quarter of 2012, the decline reflects lower mortgage banking revenues and seasonally higher equity compensation and benefits costs. Net income for the recent quarter was $274 million, up from $206 million in last year's first quarter. Net income was $296 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. Other than our normal seasonal uptick in compensation and benefits expense, there was very little in the way of unusual items in our first quarter results. Since 1998, M&T has consistently provided supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis from which we exclude the after-tax effects of amortization of intangible assets as well as expenses and gains associated with mergers and acquisitions. Included in GAAP earnings for the first quarter of 2013 where after-tax merger-related expenses related to the Hudson City acquisition amounting to $3 million after tax or $0.02 per common share. There were no merger-related expenses in the fourth quarter of last year. After-tax expense from the amortization of intangible assets was $8 million, unchanged from the prior quarter, and this amounted to $0.06 per common share in the recent quarter compared with $0.07 per share in the fourth quarter. M&T's net operating income for the quarter, which excludes those items, was $285 million compared with $305 million in the linked quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $2.06 for the recent quarter, up 30% from the first quarter of 2012. The comparable figure was $2.23 in the linked quarter. Net operating income, expressed as an annualized rate of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders' equity, was 1.48% and 18.71% for the recent quarter, up from 1.18% and 16.79% in the year ago quarter. Said another way, we increased our return on tangible common equity by nearly 200 basis points. On an average tangible common equity base, that is nearly $1 billion higher than the first quarter of 2012. The comparable returns were at 1.56% and 20.46% in the fourth quarter of 2012. In accordance with SEC guidelines, this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results, including tangible assets and equity. Next, I'd like to cover a few highlights from the balance sheet and income statement. Taxable-equivalent net interest income was $663 million for the first quarter of 2013 compared with $674 million in the linked quarter. The decline compared with the linked quarter is entirely due to the lower day count. In line with the guidance we offered in January of this year, the net interest margin contracted by 3 basis points to 3.71% during the first quarter compared with 3.74% in the fourth quarter. The reduction in margin is almost entirely due to what I characterize as core compression as yields on new loans, both commercial and consumer, is -- are somewhat lower than that on maturing loans. This asset side pressure is being slightly offset by a lower cost of interest-bearing liabilities, including lower rates on core deposits. While the day count diminished the net interest income, it added about 2 basis points to the reported margin, and that was offset by a 2-basis-point decline as a result of the lower loan fees as compared with the fourth quarter. As for the balance sheet, loan growth for the first quarter was pretty much in line with our outlook as average loans increased by $840 million or an annualized 5% from the fourth quarter. On that same basis, compared with 2012's fourth quarter, changes in average loans by category were as follows: commercial & industrial loans grew by an annualized 8%, commercial real estate loans grew by an annualized 9%, residential real estate loans were up 2%, while consumer loans declined an annualized 5%. Upstate New York and our metro region, which includes greater New York City, Philadelphia and New Jersey areas, experienced the strongest loan growth in both C&I loans and commercial real estate loans, while loans in the mid-Atlantic declined slightly. On an end-of-period basis, loans declined an annualized 4%. A fair amount of the borrowing activity that we saw late in the fourth quarter was done by customers in anticipation of changes to tax rates and was comprised of short-term and bridge-type loans that paid down relatively quickly. The average investment securities continued to decline as a result of the -- as a result of paydowns, combined with our low appetite for reinvesting in the current rate environment. Average core customer deposits, which excludes deposits received at M&T's Cayman branch and CDs over $250,000, grew at an annualized 2%. And during the quarter, we were opportunistic and took advantage of the tighter spreads in the capital market by issuing $800 million of unsecured bank notes. The $500 million fixed-rate tranche carried a 5-year fixed rate of 1.45%, while the $300 million floating-rate tranche was issued at a 3-month LIBOR plus 30 basis points. Turning to noninterest income.  Noninterest income totaled $433 million in the first quarter compared with $453 million in the prior quarter, and improved by 15% from $378 million in the year ago quarter. Mortgage banking revenues declined to $93 million in the recent quarter, compared with $117 million in the prior quarter. The decrease is primarily attributable to an approximate 50-basis-point decline in gain on sale margins, while origination volumes were down about 6%. These downward trends have become evident at the end of last year, although recently, while the competitive environment continues to exert pressure on margins, volumes appeared to have stabilized. Fee income from deposit services provided were $111 million during the recent quarter compared with $112 million in the linked quarter. Trust and investment revenues were $122 million, up from $117 million in the prior quarter. But particularly encouraging was the strong sales activity we saw in the Wealth Advisory business, which was the primary driver of the linked quarter increase. Turning to expenses. Operating expenses, which exclude merger-related expenses and the amortization of intangible assets, were $618 million for the first quarter. This compares to $612 million in the fourth quarter. The seasonal increase in salaries and benefits that I mentioned earlier amounted to $37 million in the recent quarter and included items we typically note, such as accelerated recognition of equity compensation expense for certain retirement-eligible employees, higher FICA, higher unemployment insurance expenses and expenses related to the 401(k) match. As in prior years, we would expect a decline in the second quarter as these items return to more normal levels. The efficiency ratio, which excludes securities gains and losses as well as intangible and amortization -- intangible amortization and any merger-related gains and expenses, was 55.9% for the first quarter, improved from 61.1% in last year's first quarter, which also included the seasonal uptick in salaries and benefits expense. That comparable figure was 53.6% in the fourth quarter of 2012. So next, let's turn to credits. While credit quality remained strong, we saw an increase in nonaccrual loans. Contributing to the increase was a change in the method of identifying nonaccrual home equity loans and lines of credit to reflect the repayment performance of the related senior lien loans that is not owned by M&T. As discussed in our 10-K, prior to this quarter, we had limited knowledge about the repayment performance for such senior lien loans not owned by M&T. This change had not impacted -- this change had no impact on our allowance for loans. Nonaccrual loans were 1.60% of total loans at the end of the first quarter compared with 1.52% of total loans at the end of the previous quarter, but down from 1.75% of total loans at the end of the first quarter of last year. Other nonperforming assets consisting of assets taken in foreclosure or defaulted loans continued to decline, down from $104 million at the end of 2012 to $96 million as of March 31. As has been the case for some time, we expect to report a further decline in our level of criticized assets when we file our 10-Q next month. Net charge-offs for the first quarter were $37 million, down from $44 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were 23 basis points, down from 27 basis points in the linked quarter. And the provision for credit losses was $37 million for the first quarter compared with $49 million in the linked quarter. The provision very slightly exceeded net charge-offs. And as a result, the allowance for credit losses increased to $927 million as of the end of the first quarter. The ratio of the allowance for credit losses to total loans was 1.41%, up from 1.39% at the end of the linked quarter. Both the allowance-to-loan ratio and the nonaccrual loan ratio were impacted by the decline of end-of-period loans as compared with the prior quarter end. The allowance -- the loan loss allowance as of March 31 was 6.2x the annualized net charge-offs for the quarter. We disclose loans past due 90 days but still accruing separately from nonaccrual loans because they're deemed to be well secured and in the process of collection, which is to say there's really low risk of principal loss. Loans 90 days past due, excluding acquired loans that have been marked to fair value at acquisition, were $331 million at the end of the recent quarter. Of these, $312 million, or 94%, are guaranteed by government-related entities. Loans 90 days past due were $358 million at the end of 2012, of which 88% were guaranteed by government-related entities. M&T's estimated Tier 1 common capital ratio was 7.39% at the end of March, up 36 basis points from 7.57% at the end of last year. Lastly, our outlook for legacy M&T, which excludes any impact from the Hudson City merger, is little changed from what we discussed on the January earnings call. The 3 basis points of margin compression and the mid-single-digit loan growth we saw in the first quarter were consistent with that guidance and still reflect what we expect for the remainder of 2013. As I noted earlier, based on what we're seeing today, we're expecting a slow tapering off in the mortgage -- in mortgage banking revenues, especially in comparison to the record levels in the fourth quarter. Having said that, we are encouraged by the recent extension of the HARP program through 2015. On the expense front, much of the lingering benefits from the Wilmington Trust cost savings as well as other initiatives are being redirected into infrastructure investments, which of course includes our regulatory infrastructure. And I'd also remind you that the high -- seasonally high salary and benefits expense in the first quarter will return to more normal levels in the second quarter. And with respect to credit, we expect stable to slightly lower charge-offs in 2013 from the levels that we saw in 2012, which are already below what we've considered to be our long-term loss rate. The first quarter results further validate that expectation. Now turning to the Hudson City transaction. While we can't predict the timing, we remain confident about the economics of the proposed transaction and do not expect material changes to the benefits of the transactions to our net operating earnings in the first full year following the close of the merger. Of course, all these projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events and other macroeconomic factors, which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. We'll now open up the call to questions, before which Jackie will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Brian Klock with Keefe, Bruyette, Woods.
Brian Klock: And so just real quick on the BSA update. I guess, thanks for giving us some of that color. I know you can't say much. But as far as the expense base, and I guess your guidance for expenses for the rest of the year, you mentioned you hired a consultant. It looks like on your website you had 5 new postings for some BSA-related employees. I guess should we be thinking about an uptick into the second quarter kind of an expense base related to that BSA issue?
René F. Jones: Well, I think, Brian, the first thing I'd say is we'll clearly make the investments we need to make, and we'll sort of go full steam ahead. I thought that's wonderful you already noticed the postings.
Brian Klock: [Indiscernible].
René F. Jones: Let's see. I think let's put it in context. We have been making quite a bit of investment in our overall infrastructure for some time now. Last year, it was heavily focused on -- the year before, focused on investments in our capital planning exercises, which, of course, affect our technology but our people as well. You saw that we hired Don Truslow as the Chief Risk Officer. You saw that we hired Mahesh Sanakran about a year ago, a little more than year ago, around our forecasting process. So we've been doing a lot on that front anyway. And I guess the way to think about it is, when you think about a over a course of a year, we now spend $2.5 billion. So we have a lot of resources to be able to sort of put to bear. And I just think when you sort of think about earnings models, I think it's kind of hard to find it all in that, right, because we're constantly making investments. The other thing I'd point you to, Brian, is that if you look at -- because there's so much change, we're constantly tweaking our business models. If you look at just the first quarter results over last year, our salaries and benefits are up $10 million, $11 million, $12 million. But that's totally offset by FDIC expense coming down because credit quality is improving and we're issuing the funding and so forth, right? So we're sort of constantly trying to manage the whole. So if I had a line item that said compliance, you'd see that go up and we'd make a lot of investment there, but I'm not sure how to sort of put that in the context of the overall spending.
Brian Klock: Okay. And maybe just a quick follow-up on the expense side. You pointed out the rest of the core cash expenses were down nicely sequentially from the fourth quarter. And you mentioned the FDIC insurance. So it looks like the assessment rate has come down. So should we look at that assessment rate irrespective of the changes in the base, should that continue to work down? It was actually as high as 17 basis points last year's first quarter. It looks like it's closer to 10, 11. And I guess first question, is that a good run rate to go forward? And then that other cost of operations, which was $170 million, was there any sort of credits or adjustments in there that should -- that we should adjust for? Or is that a good run rate going forward?
René F. Jones: So let me do it in reverse. So overall, I mean, typically, we tend to have a lower expense base, and the first quarter tends to be little bit higher other than the salaries in the force [ph]. So that decline is kind of normal. I don't know that it forecasts anything, right? I think if you look at what happened last year from the first to the second, it shouldn't be much different, right? I just tends to be a little low. Then your first part of your question was?
Brian Klock: The FDIC assessment base.
René F. Jones: Oh, yes, the FDIC assessment. I think look, the formula is affected by a lot of things. So as classified loans start to continue to come down, you're going to get lower rates there. As we begin -- early on, a year or so ago, we talked about changing some of the way we did business. That's affected that.
Brian Klock: Right.
René F. Jones: The issuance of the $800 million has an impact. And so to the extent that as we kind of go out and look at the liquidity coverage ratio and kind of move our -- in that direction, you would logically see some offsets there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: Has there been any MOU or a cease-and-desist order or any of the formal written agreement established with the Fed regarding the BSA or the anti-money laundering issue?
René F. Jones: So let me answer. I think so -- okay, so let's step back for a bit. So as you know, the regulatory dialogue that we have by its nature is confidential, as you said. But it's also ongoing. And as -- if you think about how it works as an industry matter, formal enforcement actions are disclosed by the appropriate regulator. While some informal regulatory matters, such as MOUs and so forth, are disclosed by the institution if they're material from a securities law perspective, we didn't wait to receive any formal findings before disclosing this issue last Friday. And as such, we're not really aware of any sort of final outcomes or conclusions from the regulators. We did this in part because of its impact on Hudson City, and we tried to be as proactive as we possibly could. Having said that, we don't believe -- we do believe that we have the full understanding of what the issue is -- issues are to be addressed, and so that's why we're running ahead and working on all of them. And in the end, I guess it will be up to other parties to sort of determine the appropriate sort of type of action that they take. But as I said before, we have never in our minds -- I think this is the first time that I can remember in my 21 years, and as I talk to others, where we've really ever discussed a regulatory matter in public, and it's related to the transaction.
Craig Siegenthaler: Got it, René. And just as a follow-up, one of the local newspapers in Buffalo was commenting that some M&T employees were leaving Hudson City branches that were in the process of preparing. Can you confirm if that was true? And if it was, when would these employees be actually going back into the Hudson City branches preparing for the closure?
René F. Jones: So, I mean, what I can say is that each of the institutions kind of have to focus on their own issues. And until you get yourself close to a date and actually close to or having approval, you've got to be very careful to make sure that each institution takes care of their own matters, right? So that's what we'll do. Hudson City will continue to focus on managing its balance sheet and trying to keep themselves safe and sound. And on our front, we're going to focus heavily on this issue and make sure that when the time comes, we're ready.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Ramsey with FBR.
Bob Ramsey: I know you can't really pinpoint sort of the timing of the Hudson City acquisition. And I forget, the language in the release you all put out Friday said something like a significant delay or a sizable delay. Is it reasonable from a modeling perspective to stick it in the fourth quarter? Or how should we sort of think about the rough timing?
René F. Jones: Thanks for your question, Bob. I mean, the thing that we're going to focus on is keeping our regulatory issues as the most important sort of issue, regardless of the transaction. So I got to say that right at the outset, right? And we have every intention that we're going to remediate the issues that are outstanding. And we're going to do so quickly and we're going to do so in a manner that probably exceeds expectations. And second point I'd make to sort of get to where you are is that we need -- to be able to complete the merger, we'll need to obtain the regulatory approval, which, by their nature, are pretty uncertain. And -- but if we can do so, we'll try to get them as soon as possible. But that said, we've not really provided you with a specific date at this time. And I would say that from our perspective, it really seems prudent for us really not to engage in that discussion till maybe later to -- towards the end of the summer when we've made progress on our own things. And at that point, if we have better clarity, we'll do it. But I think internally, we're just going to focus on hitting this one out of the park.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. And I think previously, the sort of margin assumption around Hudson City was that it would be relatively neutral to M&T's margin. Is that true regardless of the timing of the close because the yields will sort of all be marked to market as long as the yield curve is more or less where it is today?
René F. Jones: Based on what I know today, that sounds like it makes a lot of sense. And how -- my understanding of how the 2 institutions are -- I mean, particularly how that institution is hedged. And that gets tweaked a little if you were to see changes in their balance sheet and if you were to see rates move a little. But I think you're thinking about it the right way.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. Although changes in their balance sheet won't matter much because you're really only keeping the loan book. I guess you'll have the securities book until it winds down. But mostly, you're just getting loans and deposits, right?
René F. Jones: That's correct.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. And then last question and I'll hop out, and I'll shift direction to loan growth. The loan growth on an end-to-period basis this quarter, as you guys mentioned, was actually down. How much of that do you think was volume being pulled into the fourth quarter ahead of year-end issues? And how much of it do you think is maybe anything else in terms of are you hearing anything different from your lending customers today in terms of their appetite to borrow from where they were in the fourth quarter?
René F. Jones: Okay, yes. I mean, I guess directly to your question, I mean, I think basically, look, you average from the third quarter to the first quarter and you're going to see that a lot of that stuff was timing. And I can't believe that people were -- I mean, we're -- they were changing the timing in the fourth quarter because of the tax events we talked about. But at the end of the day, I think if you look just from the month of -- from February to March, after we saw the drop, we saw the sort of normal mid-single-digit -- low to mid-single-digit loan growth. So I haven't noticed any change. What we -- I mean, I think it's an interesting thing. So in upstate New York, as we talk to people and actually all the way across through Albany, we're seeing that some of the clients are actually -- have more utilization in their lines, that we're hearing stories of people looking to make capital investment, a few capital investments. When you flip all the way down to the other end of the franchise, in Washington D.C., it's more reserved, people are worried about the sequester, the competition has picked up. We were talking 2 quarters about life companies, and we were talking about conduits. Now what we're seeing, and I think it's probably because of the limited, fewer opportunities, that the competition sort of heed up among the large national players that are in that market. So when you look at the overall thing, it's almost a -- I'm kind of laughing at the back of Bob's letter. Middle America seems to be doing very fine, and all of those areas that are affected by specific-type events, right, have gotten more competitive.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley.
Ken A. Zerbe: In terms of the BSA stuff, can you try to quantify? I mean, when you think about the new people you have to bring on, the new systems that might go in place, what kind of total dollar expenditures do these sort of add to the run rate on an annualized basis?
René F. Jones: Yes, I mean, this is -- I mean, how do I say this? I mean, look, let me just say it again. We'll make whatever investment it takes. We're not starting from 0, right? So if we do this, we do it pretty well, but we need to make some additional investments. I think the difficult part will be that relative to some other things we've done, I mean, you saw we agreed to bring on the 600 people from -- in the local community here in the mortgage servicing space, right? I mean, those types of things are probably more relevant or so visible, I should say, than maybe hiring of 100 people or whatever the number may be. Really, what you got to think about, though, is on the systems and data side, right? And a lot of those capital investments that you're making, you might not -- they might be significant, but you might not necessarily see them right out of the gate on the -- in the financials, right? They'll come over time. So that would be the one area where you definitely see -- you see spending, but you don't necessarily see the impact being significant in any given quarter. So it's hard to say. I mean, that's basically the best I can do, Ken. As we learn more about it, I'll talk to you about it.
Ken A. Zerbe: Okay, that's helpful. And then just last question. In terms of your higher-cost troughs [ph] that you have outstanding, has your thought process changed at all in terms of what you might do with those or when just given the push out of Hudson City?
René F. Jones: No, it hasn't changed at all. I don't know that we've said it before, but we can. We do have approval to begin refinancing those out. And I just haven't really thought about when we're going to do it. In part, I think if we saw attractive pricing or something like that, we would probably go ahead and try to seize that opportunity. But we're really focused on decent pricing. So that will probably dictate the timing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin: So a few people have asked me about what, if anything, that BSA/AML kind of a catch-up means in terms of M&T, broadly speaking? What I mean by that is M&T, which has been a historically above-average-efficiency company and a very conservative company over time, is there anything -- and knowing that the industry is very much getting focused on by the regulators on BSA and AML, so I don't want to read too much of that. But is there anything we should take away here about M&T's investments or degree of investments that the company has been making? I guess the question I'm getting is, are you underinvested in other areas? And is that part of what's happening on the BSA/AML side?
René F. Jones: One of the things that, Ken, is -- let's step back and think about what's unique. We were engaged in 3, 4 or 5 transactions through the crisis when most people weren't. And so what I think is confusing is when you look at the numbers, it looks like the expenses have been well controlled. But what you're seeing there is all of the synergies in -- from the mergers of -- the transaction have gone right back into building the infrastructure. So I already talked about the hiring of people. If you sort of looked underneath that, that's been continuing. But we've put in new data centers, one down in Hillsboro, Delaware last year. We spent $20 million on our way to a $43 million spend. On the one up in Amherst, another new data center, we've been involved in the building out our capital planning process and our compliance structure. We hired a new Chief Compliance Officer about 1.5 years or so ago. So I don't know if you've really noticed when you're looking at the numbers, but really a significant investment has been made. And so as we look at this, we kind of see it the same way because at the end of the day, you can't be a strong institution unless you're -- unless you've made these investments for the future. So I don't really look at this as a sort of short-term thing. I think we're going to take our time. We'll do this right. We'll exceed expectations because we tend to be sort of here for the long term, right? And the other thing I will say is that if you look back, there have been 3 periods of expansion for M&T: in the early '90s, at the turn of the century and then recently. And all 3 of those periods came to us because we were healthy and the industry was not. And what we did in the interim is we built up our infrastructure. So that's kind of what you're seeing today. I think we do it pretty well, and I don't think this is a sign of anything that's changing in our operating model.
Kenneth M. Usdin: That's important color, René. And my -- just I have one follow-up on the timing of the deal. Can you just walk us through what the path is from here? I know it's going to be hard to say about when it is you go back to the Fed or they come back to you and then when you start to put the merger process on -- back en route. But can you just walk us through what benchmarks -- how we can understand, what has to happen between now and closing and how that's now changed, what are the differences there?
René F. Jones: Sure, I'll say it again, Ken. We do not take regulatory approvals for granted. That's what we have to work our way through. The significant issue that you have to get through is you've got to put in place your infrastructure on BSA/AML, and you got to do it to meet the standards of the firm, the board and the regulators. So that's what we're doing.
Kenneth M. Usdin: Right. I'm just wondering more of like is there a path? So is that -- does that just imply then there's a period of time where you put your work in, there's a period of time where you ask if it's okay, there's a period of time where they tell you it's okay and then we move back on to just normal last-mile approvals? I think that's what people are just trying to understand, is what needs to -- what back-and-forth needs to happen between you and the regulators in order to get to that point, rather than trying to again perfectly gain like when that time is actually going to be.
René F. Jones: That -- I mean, how do I say this? That is just a hard question to answer. I think what you're requiring me to do is put your head down and make sure everything is in place. Our examiners, each one of them, who are from different places, are here all the time. They're continuously monitoring us. And so we feel that if we do our work, then the rest will take care of itself. But in terms of talking about timing, you just can't do it.
Kenneth M. Usdin: That -- that's I understand. And my last question, René, is just on the mortgage business, can you just give us a little color on -- you mentioned that originations had stabilized. But can you give us an understanding of what the pipeline looked like at the end of the quarter and what your commitments to originate were?
René F. Jones: Yes. Yes, sure. So let me just do the pipeline a bit. So we had just about 1 point -- just under $1.9 billion in our pipeline going into the -- at the end of fourth quarter. And that's now $1.6 billion, $1.64 billion. So it's down 12%, 13%. And if you look at what we locked, we were at $2 billion, and this quarter we were $1.9 billion. So that came down 6%. So it's a little lower. And as I said, I think we saw things drop significantly by the time we got to December and then January. But it seemed relatively stable as we kind of went through the 3 months of the quarter. So I don't think we're seeing any kind of an acceleration from where we were in lower volume. Although we would expect that over the next few quarters, that will be the trend, right?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Foran with Autonomous.
Brian Foran: I guess coming back to the question of Hudson City and the ability to do any of kind of the initiatives you had planned for accretion and cost savings and stuff like that. I mean, I guess one of the things that strikes me is some of the stuff Hudson City was thinking about doing as a stand-alone entity before the merger and some of the things you had planned for post-merger accretion initiatives are overlapping initiatives. And so, I guess, should we just expect Hudson City to run on a status quo basis? Or is there some subset of things like expanding into agency mortgage origination or maybe a start on the branch rationalization that they could do because then, even in a scenario, unlikely scenario where they end up being a stand-alone entity, they arguably would have done those things anyway?
René F. Jones: Okay. So I can't -- Brian, I can't comment on specifics because Hudson City is going to have to go down their path and run their institution. But having said that, there's a number of things before we showed up that they were trying to do that would strengthen their franchise and that would change the mix of business they have on their balance sheet that are very consistent with things that we would do if we were operating in New Jersey. And one of the benefits of the transaction is that we were able to accelerate that, but they were very much aligned. And so when I look at the whole thing, if there's a delay or significant delay in the transaction, I don't see much of the changes in the economics. I mean, it's very small things. Like obviously, there'll be no benefit until Hudson City either significantly improves their -- or either significantly changes their operating model or does the merger with M&T before you'd see lower FDIC expenses, right? And in this case, that was a large item. So that'll just be delayed. But I think the way you've characterized this is right, but it's very important to understand that we don't have any influence over that whatsoever.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Turner with Compass Point.
Michael Turner: What about -- can you remind us what percentage of your mortgage originations are HARP related?
René F. Jones: Yes, it was about 26% this quarter.
Michael Turner: Okay, pretty much unchanged from last quarter or...
René F. Jones: It was like 30%. It was -- it might have been 30% last quarter. I'll get that number for you in a minute.
Michael Turner: Okay. And René, I know you commented on sort of in the past what new origination yields sort of are in the ballpark, I know. Maybe if you could comment where those are relative to some of your overall average loan yield that was, I think, 424 basis points for the first quarter.
René F. Jones: Oh, you're -- I'm sorry, I was back on mortgage. So you're saying what's going on with loan yields?
Michael Turner: Yes, just new origination yields sort of relative to the current book, which is 424.
René F. Jones: Oh, yes. Yes, it's interesting. So last quarter, we talked about it a little bit, and I said that we hadn't seen much change in the competitive pressure. And we heard more comments across our footprint about competitive pressure this time. So I grab this chart, which actually, I think, I got in front of me. And really, what you see is there really has been a steady, downward pressure on margins probably for 6 quarters. It's been slight, so you don't really noticed it. But I would say that we're running now at levels that we hadn't really seen since maybe the fourth quarter of 2010 because it's kind of been very gradual. And I think what you're seeing there -- so now, first, having said that, it's still much, much higher, the spreads to LIBOR, from where we were than before we went into the crisis and all that, right? So they're still relatively healthy. But having said that, I think what you're seeing is that there are limited opportunities. Whether people should be thinking about it this way or not, they are thinking that they have a lot of capital, right, and they're trying to find something to do with it when the economy really hasn't moved that much, and it's creating a fair amount of competitive pressure and particularly in those customers who are very, very healthy, right? Everybody wants the same individual. So when you look at the trends, I would say that it's just coming down slightly. Maybe it's dropping 2, 3, 4 basis points a quarter, right? But there's -- clearly, you can see the pressure.
Michael Turner: I know, I guess really the yield dilution or yield pressure, a lot of it has really been on the securities book. And I seem to remember new originations were sort of coming on close to where the average loan book is. So what's your -- where is the number sort of relative to the 424? Is it sub-4%? I guess if you're assuming 2 or 3 basis points a quarter, I guess that's what you would apply.
René F. Jones: Some I'll throw some numbers out there just as a rough reference, right? And I don't think about loan yields that way. I think about them as a spread to LIBOR. So if we're running up at 300 basis points now, 18 months ago that might have been 320. And that 300 basis points is kind of consistent what we were in 2010, but we might have been at 400 back in middle of '09, right? So -- and you kind of think that steady progression. Having said that, we were 200 or right around 200 and trying to hold our ground, which is why our industry loan growth was low, maybe 190, back in '07, right? So we're still about 100 basis points higher than that. And then -- and so that's good news. But in terms of what you're thinking about the rollover of the balance sheet,  you got some downward pressure there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marty Mosby with Guggenheim.
Marty Mosby: I had 3 questions for you. How much traction are you still feel out in the marketplace with the HSBC branch sales and the disruption of the customers? A lot of those in-market acquisitions that go to somebody else create a pretty substantial market share gain, so I just was curious if you still felt like there was some momentum there.
René F. Jones: Yes, I think -- again, I guess the best indication was Western New York, again, had our best loan growth. So I think we said we had 5%. I think it was 11% loan growth in Upstate New York on average this quarter. And while I would expect some of that to begin to taper off because a lot of the activities that -- the significant activity that took place last quarter. Marty, I don't know if you'll appreciate this, but as I live here in Western New York and I go to dinner parties, people -- every time I say I'm from M&T, people still come up and say, "I need to switch to your bank." So I think there's a lot of momentum.
Marty Mosby: Right. [Indiscernible].
René F. Jones: But I wouldn't expect it to be as strong as what we saw last year.
Marty Mosby: Right, okay. And then BSA and AML are long-standing requirements. And as you pointed out, you really don't have a lot of international activity and complex businesses. And the acquisition of Hudson City really doesn't add to that exposure as well, so not specifically in that area. How do you -- is it just the size, so your size of the organization, that kind of puts you on a threshold? Because this isn't the first review you've had of these requirements. They've been out there for quite a while.
René F. Jones: I think, Marty, that what you're seeing is that in this environment, there's a lot of change and you've got to continuously make improvements and investments. And you've got to go above and beyond to make sure that you're ahead of the curve. And you can't -- you just can't step back. You've got to keep making investments. A huge change is going on in the industry. And it's not a matter of sort of saying, well, I was okay last year, so I'll be okay this year. You've got to make those investments. And I think in our case, it's a little bit exacerbated by the fact that we're a bigger firm.
Marty Mosby: There's no signs before in reviews or anything like that that there was imminent issue?
René F. Jones: Yes, you -- well, Marty, you've been on my team. I guess I'll leave it at that.
Marty Mosby: We'll go on to the next question. Any change in your balance sheet perspective for the positioning? Since Hudson City was only going to balance the balance sheet and kind of use some of your asset sensitivity, any change in your perspective with the delay? That was the last thing I wanted to ask. And thanks for humoring me on some of my questions there.
René F. Jones: No change at all. We don't see any change at all. I think we're just -- we'll keep -- as we said in our outlook. But there's no restructurings or anything. Or if we're working on anything where, as you saw with the issuance of unsecured debt, we're sort of steadily working our way to make sure that we have the appropriate liquidity and so forth. And we will -- I wouldn't be surprised to see a few more of that type of thing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Penala with Bank of America.
Ebrahim H. Poonawala: This is Ebrahim on behalf of Erika. I had a quick clarification to Brian's question earlier on the other expense line item. Did you say we should expect that $170 million to sort of trend back higher to sort of where it's been in the second half of last year, like the first quarter is seasonally low and it goes back up?
René F. Jones: Yes. Usually, there's a seasonal dip in that, and I can't explain exactly why right off the top of my head. But in terms of professional services and those types of things, they tend to be light in the first quarter, and I think that was the case this quarter. So I wouldn't be surprised to see a little uptick there. Put it this way. Our -- in the past, going from the first quarter to second quarter, you don't get the full benefit of the change in the salary and benefit swing.
Ebrahim H. Poonawala: Good, okay. And I guess just one question with regards to the Hudson City deal. Does that change in terms of your hiring plans in the New York area with regards to commercial bankers, like that deal will reduce the rate of hiring? Or how does that impact the thought process there?
René F. Jones: No, I don't think so at all. I mean, I think -- remember, the thing to think about it, which people tend to forget about, is that we're already there. And so we've hired quality people. And if we find -- we continue to find quality folks who we think can add to our franchise, then we would continue to hire them. But it -- you will almost again think of that as a little bit separate from the transaction. I know we accelerated everything because of it, but I think quality people are always welcome here.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Steven Palestri [ph], a private investor.
Unknown Shareholder: This is Gap Lester [ph], René. I'm concerned where the new shares are coming from that you're going to be issuing to HCBK shareholders.
René F. Jones: Could you just repeat that question again? You're just a little -- your voice was a little light on the call.
Unknown Shareholder: Sure. I'm concerned where the new shares are going to be coming from, that you will have to be issuing HCBK shareholders. Are you issuing new shares and will that dilute the current shares of M&T?
René F. Jones: Now so the proposal of -- as the agreement we entered into specifies, is that we would be issuing shares of M&T to the Hudson City shareholders. 60% of the consideration would be in shares, and the remainder would be in cash. And because they would be issued in conjunction with the -- a positive economic transaction, there would be no dilution.
Unknown Shareholder: But are those shares currently in circulation only held by M&T so that they're -- you're just not loading more shares to the [indiscernible] of shares?
René F. Jones: Well, what would happen is those shares, part of the shares would be exchanged for the Hudson City shares. And in return, we would get the capital that sits on Hudson City's books today.
Unknown Shareholder: Okay, so there's no dilution of the current shares of M&T?
René F. Jones: Not as we projected.
Operator: You do have a question from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Adam Chaim: This is actually Adam Chaim in for Matt O'Connor. I just had a follow-up on the balance sheet management question ahead of HCBK. Sorry if this has already been asked, but you started selling almost all your residential mortgage production late last year, I think, partially given anticipation of Hudson City closing. So I think you said earlier that your balance sheet management wouldn't change ahead of this given the delay. So this doesn't change your thought process in terms of holding more of that until the deal is actually closed? The transaction [ph]?
René F. Jones: We don't have any change in thought process from where I was in January. So I don't plan to do -- we don't plan to do anything different.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Gary Lu with First Investors.
Gary Lu: So René, so if the timing of the regulatory issue is so difficult to predict, can you talk about your thoughts behind putting out a January 2014 time line in the press release? And also, the second question is, assume we are in January 2014 and you still haven't received the approval. Do you intend to maybe extend the deadline a little bit? Or do you really want to walk away from the deal?
René F. Jones: Oh, that's a lot of questions. I think it's tough to say that. But think about it this way. In banking and in regulated -- definitely in regulated industries, it's not unusual, first, for shareholder approvals to be obtained prior to getting any kind of a regulatory approval, right? So that is not unusual at all. And I think if you kind of go back and look at what we've been talking about for the past 7 months in investor conferences in our original deck, this transaction is unique and adds a lot of value to both sides. So our thought process was -- our thought process when sitting down with the Hudson City folks is that we all remain really committed to the transaction because it adds so much value and it improves both financial institutions. So -- and I don't -- I think at the end of the day, not much else to say about that. I mean, you can see it in the market's reaction. Everybody gets this transaction, makes a lot of sense, and so we're very committed to it. So we thought we would extend the time line, give ourselves a little bit more time to get our issues resolved and move on.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions.
Donald J. MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, if clarification of any of the items in the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department at area code (716) 842-5138.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-16 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jackie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Don MacLeod, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Donald J. MacLeod: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. This is Don MacLeod. I’d like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it, along with the financial tables and schedules, from our website, www.mtb.com, and by clicking on the Investor Relations link. Also, before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on Forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now I’d like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, René Jones.
René F. Jones: Thank you, Don, and good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us on the call today to discuss the fourth quarter, as well as our full year results. Let me begin by reiterating some of my comments from this morning's press release. This past year was one of tremendous accomplishment at M&T. For the full year, net income and earnings per share reached a new high, exceeding those earned in 2006, the last full year prior to the financial crisis. We successfully completed the integration of Wilmington -- of the Wilmington Trust merger and took the final step -- final major step in the integration process by completing the conversion of the trust systems and operations into a single platform. Retention of the Wilmington Trust customer base has exceeded our expectations. We completed our exit from the TARP program last August by agreeing to amend the terms of that instrument and assisting in its sale by the United States Treasury through a public offering. We were able to capitalize on the disruption from HSBC's decision to exit upstate New York markets and, as a result, increased our sale of customer and business relationships in those markets. We saw continued improvement in credit trends, with net charge-offs for the year down 30% to 30 basis points of average loans. We continue to build our capital ratios through earnings retention, with the tangible common equity ratio increasing 80 basis points from the end of 2011, yet our return to shareholders improved. And lastly, we entered into an agreement to purchase Hudson City Bancorp, subject to the approval of the regulators and the shareholders of both companies. All of these accomplishments were attributable to the extraordinary efforts of our dedicated employees this past year. Turning to the numbers. Diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $2.16 in the fourth quarter of 2012 compared with $2.17 earned in the previous quarter. Net income for the recent quarter was $296 million, up from $293 million in the linked quarter. M&T has consistently provided supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis from which we exclude after-tax effect of amortization of intangible assets, as well as expenses and gains associated with mergers and acquisitions when incurred. After-tax expense from the amortization of intangible assets was $8 million or $0.07 per common share in the recent quarter compared with $9 million in the third quarter, also amounting to $0.07 per share. There were no merger-related expenses in either of the past 2 quarters. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $2.23 for the recent quarter compared with $2.24 for the linked quarter. M&T's net operating income for the fourth quarter, which excludes the amortization expense I mentioned, was $305 million, up from $302 million in the linked quarter. Net operating income expressed as an annualized rate of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders' equity was 1.56% and 20.46%, respectively, for the fourth quarter of 2012 compared with 1.56% and 21.53% in the recent quarter. In accordance with the SEC guidelines, this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results, including tangible assets and equity. Next, I'd like to cover a few highlights from the balance sheet and income statement. Taxable-equivalent net interest income was $674 million for the fourth quarter of 2012, up from $669 million in the linked quarter. The net interest margin contracted to 3.74% during the fourth quarter, down 3 basis points from 3.77% in the third quarter. For the most part, the reduction in margin as compared with the third quarter came as a result of what I'd call core margin pressure -- core margin compression, as pressure on the loan yields, which declined 6 basis points, was partially offset by a lower cost of funds. The items that usually have an impact on the linked quarter margin comparison, such as prepayment penalties, noninterest -- interest on nonaccrual loans, were consistent with the third quarter. Interest income from acquired loans was $78 million in the fourth quarter, down from $87 million in the prior quarter. However, the average balance of acquired loans declined to $6 million -- excuse me, $6 billion in the fourth quarter from $6.8 billion in the third quarter, thus the yield on the acquired loan portfolio was little changed from the third quarter. In general, the cash flows being realized from our acquired loan portfolios continue to outpace the initial expectations that we had at the time of the Wilmington Trust and Provident acquisitions. I'll discuss our outlook for the margin, balances and net interest income in a few moments. As for the balance sheet, we saw robust growth in loans during the fourth quarter, not unlike last year's fourth quarter. Average loans increased by approximately $1.6 billion or an annualized 10% to $65 billion, from $63.4 billion in the third quarter. On that same basis, compared with 2012's third quarter, changes in average loan balances by category were as follows: commercial and industrial loans grew by an annualized 12%. Within that category, loans to finance auto dealer inventory grew by $137 million, while all other C&I loans increased by $354 million, an annualized 10% increase. Commercial real estate loans grew at an annualized 5%. The residential real estate loans grew by $790 million, partially as the result of a $447 million increase in our pipeline of mortgages held for sale. In addition, the remainder of loans that we locked to retain for our portfolio in the third quarter were funded and came on to the balance sheet in the fourth quarter. Consumer loans declined an annualized 2%, driven by lower level levels of indirect auto and home equity loans, partially offset by growth in other consumer loans. On an end of period basis, loan growth was quite a bit stronger. Total loans at the end of 2012 increased by some $2.5 billion to $66.6 billion or 15% annualized from September 30. Thus, we enter 2013 with loans already more than $1.5 billion higher than 2012's fourth quarter average. Average core customer deposits, which exclude foreign deposits and CDs over $250,000, matched the performance on the loans side, increasing in the fourth quarter by approximately $1.6 billion or an annualized 11% from the third quarter. Noninterest income totaled $453 million in the fourth quarter compared with $446 million in the prior quarter. The recent quarter's results included $14 million of net other-than-temporary impairment charges related to our investment securities portfolio, up from $5 million in the linked quarter. Excluding those losses from both periods, noninterest income was $468 million for the recent quarter, up 4% from $451 million in the third quarter and up 10% from last year's fourth quarter. Mortgage banking revenues rose to $117 million in the recent quarter compared with $107 million in the prior quarter. Within that category, residential mortgage banking revenues grew $96 million in the quarter, up from -- grew to $96 million in the fourth quarter, up from $82 million in the linked quarter, while commercial mortgage banking revenues declined compared with the prior quarter, reflecting lower volumes from what was a very strong third quarter. Service -- deposit service charges were $112 million in the recent quarter compared with $114 million in the prior quarter. Substantially all of the $2 million decline related to M&T's decision to waive fees for customers who faced challenges arising from Hurricane Sandy. Turning to expenses. Operating expenses, excluding the amortization of intangible assets, were $612 million for the fourth quarter, up from $602 million in the prior quarter. Expenses in the quarter were elevated, in part, due to a branch operating loss relating to a customer who misappropriated funds. This represents the majority of the quarter's increase. In addition, the bank experienced higher levels of professional service costs related to investments in our technology platform and our capital planning infrastructure as we moved towards becoming a CCAR bank for stress testing purposes. Nevertheless, the efficiency ratio, which excludes security gains and losses, as well as intangible amortization, was 53.6% for the fourth quarter, improved from 53.7% in the third quarter. The strong revenue trends continue to be a contributing factor to the improved efficiency ratio. Net charge-offs for the fourth quarter were $44 million -- excuse me one second -- let me now turn to credit. Let me start with the credit quality, we feel remains good for the most part. We did see an uptick in nonaccrual loans. Nonaccrual loans increased to $1.01 billion or 1.52% of loans at the end of 2012 from $925 million or 1.44% of loans at the end of the previous quarter. The majority of the change came as a result of the transfer to nonaccrual status of $64 million of loans to a long-time M&T customer, that are fully secured by residential real estate. The loan shows up in our regulatory filings as a residential mortgage loan. It is well-collateralized. And as a result, in our view, no specific reserve was warranted. Other nonperforming assets, consisting of assets taken into foreclosure of defaulted loans, were $104 million as of December 31, down from $112 million as of September 30. And we expect to report a slight decline in our level of classified assets when we file the 10-K next month. Net charge-offs for the fourth quarter were $44 million, little changed from $42 million in the linked quarter. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were 27 basis points compared with 26 basis points in the linked quarter but better than the full year net charge-off ratio of 30 basis points. The provision for credit losses was $49 million for the fourth quarter compared with $46 million in the linked quarter. That provision exceeded net charge-offs by $5 million. And as a result, the allowance for loan losses increased to $926 million as of the end of 2012. The addition of the -- to the allowance comes largely in response to the strong loan growth we experienced in the fourth quarter. The ratio of allowance for credit losses to total loans was 1.39% compared with 1.44% in the linked quarter. The loan loss allowance as of the year-end 2012 was 5x net charge-offs for the past year. As you know, we disclose loans past due 90 days but still accruing separately from nonaccrual loans because they're deemed to be well-secured in the process of collection, which is to say there is low risk of a principal loss. Loans 90 days past due, excluding acquired loans that had been marked to fair value at acquisition, were $358 million at the end of the recent quarter. Of these loans, $316 million or 88% are guaranteed by government-related entities. Those figures were $309 million and $280 million, respectively, at the end of September. M&T's estimated Tier 1 common capital ratio was 5.75% at the end of 2012, an improvement of 71 basis points from the end of 2011. Last week, we submitted our capital plan to the regulators as required under the terms of the 2013 Capital Plan Review. As with the other participants, we expect to receive comments by the end of the first quarter. Let me just make one correction. So our Tier 1 common capital ratio is 5.57% -- excuse me, 7.57% at the end of 2012. As far as Capital Plan goes in our minds, M&T's main capital action for 2013 will be the Hudson City transaction. In addition, we remain focused on building our capital ratios to the new regulatory standards, including Basel III. So 6 months ago, we promised to provide you a better estimate of where our capital ratios would come out under Basel III, in part, hoping that we'd see more clarity around the proposed rules. However, the body of rules for Basel III remain a work in progress for the regulators. And by our nature, we remain cautious about offering a pro forma figure. That said, we think that the projections made by the investment community that show our Tier 1 common ratio under Basel III, being some 75 to 100 basis points lower than under Basel I, are not unreasonable, given the current interest rate outlook. Should this be the case, it would suggest that pro forma for Hudson City, we're on track to exceed the 7% Tier 1 common ratio under Basel III this year. Before we turn to the outlook, I'd like to take a minute to cover the full year results for 2012. Diluted earnings per common share were $7.54, an increase of 19%. Net income was $1 billion -- $1.03 billion, which represents a 20% year-over-year increase. GAAP basis net income expressed as a rate of return on average assets and average common equity was 1.29% and 10.96%, respectively, improved from 1.16% and 9.67% in 2011. Included in GAAP earnings were after-tax merger-related expenses from the Wilmington Trust acquisition of $6 million or 0.05 -- or $0.05 per common share compared with net after-tax merger-related gain of $13 million or $0.10 per common share in the prior year. Also included in GAAP earnings for the past year were after-tax expenses from the amortization of intangible assets amounting to $37 million or $0.29 per common share compared to $38 million or $0.30 per share in 2011. Net operating income, which excludes those items that I just mentioned, was $1.07 billion, an increase of 21% from the prior year. Diluted net operating income per share was $7.88, an increase of 20% from 2011. The rate of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders’ equity was 1.40% and 19.42%, respectively. Turning to our outlook. I'd like to offer a few general thoughts on where we think things are headed for 2013. Excluding any impact from the Hudson City merger, our outlook for net interest margin is consistent with our prior comments, which is to say that we'd expect in the neighborhood of 3 basis points of underlying margin pressure per quarter over the course of 2013. Our most recent internal projections may -- projections indicate that the Hudson City transaction should have a small negative impact on our net interest margin for the year. That said, the first full quarter following the merger could be somewhat noisy as we work to restructure the Hudson City balance sheet. For legacy M&T, we're looking for mid-single-digit growth and earnings assets, with loan growth offset by a modest decline in securities. Fee income should remain strong going into 2013 until we begin to see softening in the mortgage refinance area. Total operating expense, excluding Hudson City, should be well controlled in 2013. And we expect stable to slightly lower charge-offs in 2013 from the levels that we saw in 2012, which are already below what we consider to be our long-term loss rate. I'll remind you that M&T's first quarter results have tended to be seasonally low, reflecting fewer days, which affects revenue, and the higher salaries and benefits expense from the accelerated recognition of equity compensation expense, as well as seasonally high FICA, unemployment insurance and the 401(k) match. We'd note that most of the estimated $120 million of Hudson City merger-related expenses will come into play in 2013. We continue to target cost savings from the merger to approximate 24% of Hudson City's premerger expense base. This includes the impact from our hiring program but is separate from any reductions to their FDIC cost. Those cost synergies arising from the merger should start to become evident in the second half of the year but won't be fully realized until well into 2014. Overall, we continue to expect the Hudson City merger to be accretive to both GAAP and net operating earnings and to tangible book value in the current year and be accretive to earnings in 2014 at a high single-digit rate. Of course, all of these projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events and other macroeconomic factors, which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. So we'll now open up the call to questions, before which, Jackie will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Kevin St. Pierre with Bernstein.
Kevin J. St. Pierre: Just a margin-related question. You had a 4 basis point decline in funding costs. Are there still levers that you can pull to continue to bring that down or maybe talk about funding costs looking forward?
René F. Jones: Yes, Kevin, in terms of -- I think the answer in terms of pulling levers, no. I think -- but what you're seeing is, if you go back over the quarters, I mean, there's still a little bit of migration of the time deposit portfolios. And there's a -- from time to time, some of our long-term borrowings are still rolling down. So I would say that it shouldn't be 0, but the ability for us to kind of think about our strategy and change that number is pretty low.
Kevin J. St. Pierre: Okay. And on the strength in the noninterest-bearing deposit growth, are you seeing a change in deposit or behavior? Or is it all market share gains? You mentioned the disruption in your markets in the HSBC-related strength. Can you characterize how much of that growth is market share gains versus maybe any change in deposit or behavior?
René F. Jones: Well, let me do it this way. A lot of -- in the lion's share of the growth trends we've seen in deposits over the past several, I mean, maybe 8 quarters, right, has been on the commercial side, and that continues to be true. But what -- looking into the numbers this quarter, what I did notice is that we had pretty decent growth, particularly in December, in our consumer noninterest-bearing. So I think it's a combination of both. I think if you were to look at our deposit trends versus others, the differential is probably market share. But what I'm surprised at is that despite the improvements in the economy, despite the fact that people are now clearly borrowing, we still haven't seen a decline in that trend. So I don't know what you can gain from that, but that's probably the best I could do for you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Foran with Autonomous.
Brian Foran: I think Hudson is still its own company. But just conceptually, as I think about interest rates since August, the 5-year swap rate is about flat. MBS yields rates are down. Mortgage rates are down and jumbo is down, more than conforming. So is it fair to just kind of think big picture the capital accretion from Hudson City should be better but the earnings, the net interest income and loan portfolio coming over from Hudson City should be a little worse?
René F. Jones: I guess the way I think about it, Brian, is that I'm looking at, when we announced the transaction and prepayment fees we were looking at, maybe those prepayment fees are slightly slower, right, still high but slightly lower. But other than that, we haven't really seen any material change in the balance sheet that differs from the projections we made at close, maybe slightly little more loans. Prepayments on securities have actually held up and may be exceeding what we thought. So but overall, the balance sheet looks a lot the same. Are you thinking of just sort of the shape of the curve and then...
Brian Foran: No, I was actually thinking more along the lines of like when Capital One closed ING Direct, the interest rates had come down from the time they announced the deal to the time they closed it. The capital accretion ended up being better and they ended up with some negative accretable yields going forward turning. So I guess maybe I'm over extrapolating, but I was thinking maybe the same thing would happen here.
René F. Jones: I think you're kind of directionally correct, but I don't know that it's significant. So each one of those things that you mentioned is probably true. So you're saying basically the mark on the loan, maybe the premium mark is a little less. So that probably would be true, given what's happened to rates. The big question is, what happens between now and the actual close? You don't really know, Brian.
Brian Foran: Makes sense. And then the first quarter, noisy or could be noisy comment, can you just remind us what the main areas of noise we should be thinking about are?
René F. Jones: Yes. So the way you think about is if you look at the higher levels of securities funded by structured debt on Hudson City's balance sheet, we all know today that, that's a negative trade if you look at the yield. And a big chunk of that should go away when you mark the portfolio. But having said that, if you were to put that trade on today, it would still be underwater, right, at that marked rate. So until that position is unwound and as we'll think about how much time do we take to that, it will driven by execution, that actually would lower your margin. So that's the way to think about it. That trade isn't just necessarily a problem when it's not marked. Once you mark it, it's still an underwater trade. The yield on securities will be lower than the borrowing cost.
Brian Foran: And the securities wouldn't all be gone when the deal closes. There could be some of the portfolio repositioning could happen post the deal close?
René F. Jones: Yes, because we've got to figure that out. Right? So -- and you don't know what day will you get approval so -- right? So the way I think about it is you'll get a lot done if we get approval at the beginning of a quarter, and we'll be able to get a lot done during the course of the quarter. But if it happens at the end of the quarter, right, you might see some distortion. You might get a whole month of just sort of low margin stuff on your balance sheet that you don't intend to keep. But economically -- yes, economically, it's not a big deal.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Ramsey with FBR.
Bob Ramsey: I was hoping maybe you could share some thoughts on how you're thinking about Hudson City's mortgage business in terms of intent to continue to originate those loans either for sale or for portfolio.
René F. Jones: I mean, my comments aren't going to be different from what we said in the past. Our thinking maybe in this order is that one of the things that we will be able to bring to the table, which we're sort of, in a sense, already getting started on by -- through our hiring process, is adding an agency business to the branch network that's there, which should be a positive. And we think we can get that up and running pretty -- right, pretty much out of the gate. So that's the first thing that will be a change in the profile. And then, at the end of the day, our view is that we're logically going to have some appetite for jumbos simply because if you look at the demographics, particularly in New Jersey and then in where the branches are in Connecticut, there's much more of an opportunity for jumbos there just because of the natural level of the home prices. So think about the fact that most of our footprint, other than Baltimore, is pretty much all in -- the average home prices are way under. So I think the question becomes, how much of that we do? Now we don't tend to portfolio a lot. So logically speaking, that as we start out with $26 billion, $28 billion loan portfolio, that's going to decline. But the dynamics of how we're thinking about it would include those components.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. And how does -- the CFPB recently provided guidance on qualified mortgages QM. I'm curious if M&T would ever originate or portfolio a non-QM mortgage and then sort of what your read on the guidance is and how you're thinking about that?
René F. Jones: I mean, let me give you a very general comment. In -- overall, we didn't have too many problems with it. We worry about any aspect of things that are price fixing because it tends to move the market. So when you set -- when you lock in the fees for something, you can't make a decision. I think that -- and this is personally, I think that the idea that to the extent that you originate a qualified mortgage outside of those parameters that you bear the risk kind of makes sense to me. But other than that, I mean, I didn't think that we had any big problems overall.
Bob Ramsey: And so does that mean that looking at the risk of any individual loan, you all would not avoid a non-QM mortgage as long as it met the rest of your sort of underwriting criteria?
René F. Jones: We would have to think about it. We'd have to think about -- the difficulty with that simple analysis is you got to understand your exposure in regard to the overall mortgage market in total. Right? So I think we need time to think about exactly how that would affect us, and we're thinking about it now.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. And then the last question, you mentioned a little earlier that people are clearly borrowing. Obviously, you'll have very strong loan growth sort of across the board this quarter. I'm just curious if there is any geography that was stronger or weaker than any other? Or sort of what maybe you attribute, how much of it is market share versus not what you're seeing in terms of line utilization? Just any thoughts around the loan growth?
René F. Jones: Let me make general comments. I mean, so loan growth was strong. There was clearly a flurry of activity towards the end. And as you kind of look at those various types of things people were trying to do, some were simply refinancing, presumably while rates are still low. Others, we saw doing -- focusing on recaps. There are a number of financing of acquisitions or even on the other side where we saw loans pay off, people had done either partial sales of their company, I think, around the tax laws. In our trust department, we're away from loans now. But I think the comment that I heard in December was that we had set up a record number of trusts in the month of December. So clearly, there's a lot of activity around sort of the changes that were coming at the end of the year, the tax code and so forth. But having said that, we also saw growth in other areas, manufacturers. One of the things that we saw down in Pennsylvania was there seems to be some optimism associated with the aftereffects of Sandy, where people who are making equipment and infrastructure down there are already getting orders for infrastructure, i.e. boilers, those types of things. The cost of -- we heard that cost of plywood and the cost of drywall is going up in the area, which benefits a number of our customers in the Pennsylvania markets. If you look at our loan growth by region, we were up an annualized, in upstate New York 5%. We were up 11% in the sort of metro area, which is Tarrytown, think Hudson Valley, Westchester, New York City, Philadelphia. And then, we were about flat in Pennsylvania. We had actually pretty -- we had okay commercial growth but it was offset by the consumers. And then what I found interesting is that even in places in upstate New York, if you were to adjust for the fact that we had a couple of large pay down of balances that were related to either full sales of companies or partial sales of companies, that the loan growth in places like Buffalo and Rochester were very -- still very robust in our middle market lending area. So it was a ton of activity. I can't suggest that it will stay at those levels going into the first quarter, but it was clearly across the board, different regions and also different reasons for the transaction.
Bob Ramsey: All right. That's great. And then could you give the mortgage banking pipeline heading into the first quarter?
René F. Jones: I'll get it for you. I think it's about -- oh, I'm sorry. So let me give you that. So last quarter, we were just under $2.4 billion and that -- let me just describe the pipeline. So that's everything that's come in to be locked and excluding things that have already locked. So it's our true pipeline of business going into the quarter. So $2.3 billion, $2.4 billion. At the end of last quarter, it was $1.8 billion at the end of this. So we saw -- we did see things slow down. While the quarter was robust in mortgage, December was slower than October and November.
Bob Ramsey: And is that seasonal? Or are you seeing other factors in there?
René F. Jones: I can't tell. I mean, clearly, there's some seasonal effect, fewer days. But it's still too early to tell. I wouldn't suggest that, that -- that December is -- December was really the exception, I guess, is what I would say.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Penala with Bank of America.
Erika  Penala: My first question is on sort of the moving parts on the pro forma margin for Hudson City. So you mentioned in your prepared remarks that the first full quarter will be a small negative impact. And part of it is, in terms of your answer to Brian's question, is that there clearly have securities that have -- are earning a negative spread because of the wholesale funding. But if I think about -- so if I think about the loans you're putting on, because you're accreting capital upfront, my suspicion is that, that yield is lower than M&T's legacy yield today. And so I'm wondering on the deposit side, if you just look at Hudson City's balance sheet, clearly, their deposit costs are higher than yours. Is there a deposit accretable that we're not thinking about that helps sort of balance the potential negative on the loan side?
René F. Jones: No. So let me -- so -- okay, so take Brian's question and your question, Erika. You're right, those 2 questions are perfect. So remember that as we see the change in interest rates that Brian is talking about, we've got to be concerned about the whole mark, which would affect everything. It would affect the wholesale borrowings and so forth. And when we look at that, in combination, we don't see a big change. But relative what -- so then if you go into the parts, but relative to my thinking on where I think I may -- I gave a quote on the announcement of the deal about where we thought the loan yields would be, I might have been like 360 or something. Today, probably on just the loan part, that's probably higher today than we were thinking. So overall, I don't see much change in the overall balance sheet with the change of interest rates, but the components have probably changed from where we sit today. And we use that higher yield number on the loans in thinking about where we were as we go from here. Again, that could change, and I don't know that you'd see much change in the overall mark because you'd got to count the liabilities as well. But the loan numbers, yields could change until we get to the close of the deal.
Erika  Penala: And I'm sure I should go back to the original presentation. If I just look at the average balance sheet today, how should we think about the mark on the deposit side? And I apologize if this is such an elementary question, I just wanted to make sure that I'm not understating your margin for 2013.
René F. Jones: Well, I mean, other than the structured borrowings, I think you've got to go and look at the time deposits and those are -- I mean, the time deposit rates. I would just look at the average time deposit prices offered by us and others and then maybe look a little bit into that market, and that's what we're going to take them down to. We're going to use those current rates on time deposits and that will probably be the biggest thing that affects the deposit mark.
Erika  Penala: Got it. So the mark is whatever the -- got it, okay. And on the statement that you made with regards to 24% expense savings on HCBK's premerger expense base, excluding FDIC costs, how -- what is the length of time it would take for M&T to achieve that 24%? I know you've made comments in the past that the FDIC saving -- cost savings were immediate.
René F. Jones: Yes. It may take -- let me just do the FDIC first. It will take a quarter lag before you come into M&T's structure for the FDIC. And then the other thing is some of the savings are going to come from your timing of your unwinding of that wholesale book, right? So you won't get benefit until you do that. But when that's done, then you should start to see the full benefit from the FDIC. I don't have it in front of me, but I would suggest that we should be pretty much on a full run rate after the first 18 months which is towards the end of 2014.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley.
Ken A. Zerbe: A quick question, in terms of the capital plan or the stress test, you did mention that your main capital action this year was going to be the Hudson City transaction. But obviously, Hudson improves your capital position. Are you considering any other capital actions in your plan?
René F. Jones: Let me say this. I mean I think, generally, no. It's a pretty simple -- it's a very simple thing that we're trying to do, we're keeping much of the things the same. But to the extent that we could begin the process of turning over our hybrid capital, we would start to consider that. And remember, for us, it's less of an issue. It's not something that we would have to do a lot of because unlike others, other people are starting with big amounts of capital, right, on the top. And so it's very important for them to kind of take those down quickly to sort of optimize the capital structure. We're moving and improving our capital over time. So there could be some of that activity if it were to get approved and if we were to choose to do it, right? It depends a lot on rates. And our thinking was that if rates on preferreds were low and we had the right inquiries, we would want to consider beginning that process.
Ken A. Zerbe: Got you. But that's something that you would apply for as a possibility, but just you may or may not execute, like the trep to pref [ph]?
René F. Jones: You have to apply for it somewhere to be able to do it.
Ken A. Zerbe: Yes. No, understood. That's the reason I asked, I wanted to make sure it was being applied for. The other quick question I had, just on with the, I guess, hiring commercial bankers. Are you able to do any of the hiring ahead of the deal closing or are you -- have you started that process? Or is that something where you start taking, I guess, resumes after the deal closes?
René F. Jones: So -- yes, it's a great question. I mean, we're well on our way. One of the -- everything seems to be going on track with Hudson City and the integration, but the thing that seems to be well ahead is the hiring. So for example, on the sales side, we've identified and have as of this past Monday, 49 people that will work in the new footprint. And if you look at that, 18 of them are internal people, were internal folks who have agreed to go down there and are kind of familiar with our culture in M&T and will work, but primarily in New Jersey. And then we've also hired another 31. So if you look on the commercial side in terms of RMs, we've already got 16 people on board. We've got 23 business bankers on board. We've got a number of mortgage originators on board already who are getting prepared to do that agency-type business that we talked about. And then we also -- while we're a little slower on that part, we also have a few people already on board who are part of the retail branch, who will become part of the retail branch network. So from a financial perspective, some of that was in our December numbers, some of that is already going to be in our fourth -- first quarter numbers. And I feel pretty good about where we're headed there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin: I wanted to just follow up on commercial real estate, you had $1 billion of CRE growth on a point-to-point basis. And I just wanted to ask you for a little bit more color on that, any specific buckets that's coming from within? I know multifamily had been good, but are you -- any signs that you're starting to now see that spread out in terms of demand and opportunity in CRE?
René F. Jones: Well, it is interesting because our CRE growth has been pretty -- I don't have it in front of me, but it's actually been -- it's been spread out already. So for example, on the CRE side, upstate saw a 9% growth. The reason I talked about from Westchester down to Philly, grew 7%; Pennsylvania grew 2%. So it's coming across the board. The other thing I would say is, again, the other category we saw was there were a number, some in real estate, where people were bridging decisions over the end of the period. So some of those loans were shorter term in nature, all right? And then as we get into maybe the second quarter of next year, some of that -- I would expect some of that to roll off.
Kenneth M. Usdin: Then that would have shown up also in CRE. I thought you were referring more to the commercial bucket.
René F. Jones: It's both. There are a lot of -- there was a lot of year-end decisions being made, I guess is the simplest way for me to say it.
Kenneth M. Usdin: Right. Okay. And the second point I wanted to just follow up, I understand your comments about core NIM compression and your thoughts about having mid-single-digit earning asset growth, does that lend us out to believe that aside from day count that -- and before Hudson City, that it's reasonable that you guys would still expect NII to be growing this year?
René F. Jones: Yes, that's true. You're thinking about that the right way, yes.
Kenneth M. Usdin: All right. And then the last comment I want -- I just wanted to come back on your thoughts about mortgage banking. The -- hearing you talk about a little bit of decline in the pipeline, although it's staying quite strong. What are you seeing underneath the surface now that you've returned back to the originate for sale and are retaining less? What do you see happening on the gain on sale side? What happened this quarter, and what changes do you anticipate from that perspective with what we've seen in rates change so far?
René F. Jones: Yes. Yes, sure. Good question. Yes. So I think this will be the dynamic, right? So as you see things slow down, we've built up a fair amount of capacity. And so, as you see things like we saw in December, you're going to see lower gain on sale. And so when I look overall, quarter-over-quarter, our gain on sale was up. So if we were somewhere 225 -- I'm sorry, 325, 326 in the third quarter, we were probably 20 basis points higher than that overall. But if you were to go to December, that came down quite a bit. And much of that is us trying to sort of just manage the volume that we had in our capacity because we can't change it as fast. So really, the question on margin is going to come down to -- and it affects us both on our regular stuff and on HARP. And the question will become, with margin, it's going to be -- have a lot to do with sort of the volume pickup. I think out of the gate, in January, things actually look pretty good. So I don't know if that helps.
Kenneth M. Usdin: Yes, that does help. And I guess the second, just the last corollary to that is, if the total mortgage banking revenue were to start to tail off, how quickly could you adjust to that capacity and infrastructure that you've built on the origination side from an expense perspective?
René F. Jones: I'll say this, we got a long-tenured mortgage team, they're pretty good at it. IT is often -- that they need to go, be able to go faster when we get into those situations, but they're pretty good at what they do. So the other thing I would suggest is that also, there are a couple of parts of our business, right? And so the labor-intensive one is really on the residential side. We also have a commercial mortgage business, which I think doesn't have as big of an infrastructure that's required because we're using the agencies and each loan is bigger. But we also have a fairly large servicing portfolio, right? And that tends to be much more stable. So that stream should maintain relatively steady, and we've got a lot of -- a pretty good sized workforce there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Hagerman with Sterne Agee.
Todd L. Hagerman: René, I just want to follow up on your comment on the Sandy and the fee waiver. I just want to make -- I understand that you indicated that you've since restarted that fees or they've still been -- they've still -- they're still in suspension?
René F. Jones: What I talked about was the impact that we had in place in the quarter during around the storm. I don't think that that's still in place.
Donald J. MacLeod: Those waivers were primarily, almost entirely, in October and November.
Todd L. Hagerman: Okay. And then just a follow-up to that, have there been any changes just in general in terms of the pricing, your various products? And then in terms of Hudson City coming on, is there anything that we should think about in terms of either new products coming out or any meaningful pricing changes as we think about, again, the fee line item?
René F. Jones: So let me just -- so with regard to Hudson City, that's a discussion after we end up getting the deal approved and we own -- and then the merger takes place because we just don't deal with the pricing of the other institution. That's their job. We focus on our portfolio. I think the bigger question for us is, as you look at some of the things that we're doing, some of the investment that we've made at the end of the year has been around our deposit and deposit technology. And I think we're very -- still very focused on looking at particularly our checking products and making sure that those are redesigned to give the customers a lot more choice. And so it's not so much about what our overall fees will be, but we intend to continue to make investments to give people more choice around their checking and their deposit products. So you'll see changes. I don't know that you can extrapolate that to anything on the fee income side, other than the fact that we hope to have higher balances.
Todd L. Hagerman: Right. That's what I was getting at. Just in terms of product redesign, the value proposition for the customer, particularly with the new customer base coming on...
René F. Jones: Yes. I mean -- Yes, okay. So I mean, the other thing I would add is we're doing a lot. So when we talked about earlier on the opening of the call, the technology investment and so forth, I mean, one of the things that we're spending a lot of money on is trying to improve the customer experience online. And so we've been doing a lot of the initial work around Web banking upgrades and some of the platform there that will allow us down the road to begin to, again, offer a smoother experience for the customer. And then as I mentioned before, those products with choice, we hope is received pretty well.
Todd L. Hagerman: Okay. And then just a follow-up on the capital side. I think you indicated on the 7% twofold [ph], I think that's both in terms of your expectations for Tier 1 but more importantly I think you would, going back, at the time the deal, that the expectation of the tangible equity was also greater than 7%. Is that...
René F. Jones: We haven't changed this as of yet anyway. We said our thinking back then was that we would fall after the deal, somewhere between 825. I think we said 825 and 850. So if you kind of extrapolate there and you also understand that you're generating a lot of capital post the transaction date. It seems pretty logical that we'll be, as we said on the call, we'll be above where we need to be, which is actually before the full implementation dates are in effect.
Todd L. Hagerman: Right. And so, finally, again, in terms of the CCAR process, I'm assuming that the dividend remains very near and dear to M&T and their shareholders, and that, that would also be likely part of the capital plan submission. Particularly, again, as you mentioned, that the capital accretion that's occurring with the deal and the ongoing improvement in terms of the company earnings and so forth.
René F. Jones: Yes, we think we've done a pretty nice job of, one, keeping the volatility low in our earnings over the years, and that's allowed us to have a lot of consistency in our dividends. And we don't expect to see any changes on that front as we sit here today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Klock with Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods.
Brian Klock: Just a couple of quick follow-ups, René, if you could. On the margin guidance of 3 basis points or so compression per quarter, obviously that wouldn't incorporate any sort of benefit of redeeming the high-cost trust preferreds that you've got out there, right? That would be as if those trust preferreds are still outstanding for all of 2013?
René F. Jones: Yes, you got that right. And again, Brian, I'm sure you know this, but the way I think about it is, what makes it interesting if you could do that is that it's kind of EPS-neutral, right, where rates are today. And so while it may have some effect on your margin, you just take the dividends, and you're paying them below the line. So as it comes to net income to common shareholders given where rates are, the whole thing is relatively neutral.
Brian Klock: Right. So you'd have a benefit on the margin but EPS-neutral?
René F. Jones: Right.
Brian Klock: Right. I guess on the expenses for the quarter, I know you mentioned that there was some sort of maybe onetime items and expenses related to the CCAR. So if I look at that $193.6 million in the other cost of operations, so should that be more like what the third quarter expense number was?
René F. Jones: You're thinking about that the right way. I believe the item we mentioned on the misappropriation of funds by the customer is in there, and our professional services were pretty high. So typically, what will happen is while we'll continue to maintain some level of investment, you're going to see probably -- typically, what's happened in the past is you see that line soften up a little bit in the first quarter and then of course, we have a kind of a spike, given the items we mentioned, the salaries and benefits side.
Brian Klock: Okay. And with the salaries and benefits for the fourth quarter, is there any sort of sign-up bonus? Is there anything with the new hires that would be something we should adjust for?
René F. Jones: I mean, in the context of how large that number is, I don't know that it is anything to be really thinking about there.
Brian Klock: Okay. And then just the last question on the acquired portfolio, you talked about the net interest income declining. The yields, obviously, the yields seem to be somewhat steady. So we should be thinking about that continued pace of the runoff in the acquired balances, thus, the impact when you guys do report this in your Ks and Qs that, that accretable yield number that you're putting in there should continue to decline, but any of that would be the same as being a core reinvestment of your legacy loan portfolio since I'm still calculating that yield to be somewhat close to where your legacy loan portfolio, loan yields are.
René F. Jones: Yes, I think that's the right way to think about it. And to say it in a slightly different way, what we've been seeing is that those loans are paying off, right? And you see that, and that's part why we gave you those balances. You'll see them in the Q and the K. But the loans have been paying off, and that sort of results in sort of the cash flows being better, but that normal pay down is kind of at a level yield. And so from what we see today, your description is probably a pretty good one.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard S. Cassidy: Rene, can we come back to that misappropriation of funds? How much was that in the other noninterest expense line item so that we don't include it on a go-forward basis?
René F. Jones: Well, what we said was -- I think that -- I think the total other expenses were up $10 million or something like that. So it's more than half of that.
Gerard S. Cassidy: Okay. The second question is, you gave us, I think, the gain on sale margins for the mortgage banking business for the quarter. What was the dollar amount in the mortgage banking revenue line of the gain on sale?
René F. Jones: Ask me that again, I'm not sure. Say that again?
Gerard S. Cassidy: Sure. Yes. The gain on sale revenue or gain on sale income that you generated in the quarter by selling mortgages, how much of that -- in the 116, how much was it in the quarter?
René F. Jones: Well, our total 116, 117 I think was our number. Our total number is about -- let me verify it, and I'll give it to you. $70 million. Yes, $70 million.
Gerard S. Cassidy: Okay. And how would that compare to the prior quarter?
René F. Jones: 57, I think. Is that 57?
Gerard S. Cassidy: That's great. The other question I have for you is on your securities portfolio, what's the duration of the portfolio right now in terms of years?
René F. Jones: Right now, I think the duration is 2.2.
Gerard S. Cassidy: Okay. And then finally, obviously, all the banks will benefit should there be a parallel shift in the yield curve, but that's not expected anytime soon. If the long end of the curve, the 10-year government bond yield starts to rise or continues to rise throughout 2012, at what point would it help mitigate your net interest margin pressure so that -- you mentioned about 3 basis points a quarter. Have you done any sensitivity to say that if the 10-year reached x level that there wouldn't be any margin pressure?
René F. Jones: Yes, we do routinely do that. So let me just -- give me 2 seconds, and I'll give you some specifics here. So let's see. So you're talking about a nonparallel interest rate shock, and you're suggesting that the rates would go up on the long end?
Gerard S. Cassidy: Right. That's correct.
René F. Jones: Yes. And so I mean it wouldn't take long. I mean, if you take a look at it and you look at it in terms of -- I think this is instantaneous but -- give me -- I'm not sure if I'm talking instantaneous. But basically, our numbers is, if rates were to go up 100 basis points on the long end, it's -- 3.66% is the sensitivity to our net interest income, and I'm just drawing a blank. I don't think that is a instantaneous shock.
Gerard S. Cassidy: Would it be safe to say that if the long end of the curve went up gradually, 30, 40 basis points to somewhere in the low 2s, 215, 220, 225, would that be enough just to mitigate then the margin pressure or it would have to go up even further?
René F. Jones: Well, without using exact numbers, that would have an effect. They definitely have an effect.
Gerard S. Cassidy: Okay. It would definitely have a positive effect.
René F. Jones: Yes. Yes, I mean think about it this way. The other -- one of the big issues I think is that the yields on the securities are coming down, especially to the extent that you've got to replace them, right? So you see a slowing in that prepayment. That's going to take pressure off of the primary reason why we see margin compression.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Collyn Gilbert with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Collyn Bement Gilbert: This is a long call, so I'm going to try and make this quick. One housekeeping item. You said that $64 million nonaccrual, that was a resi mortgage loan?
René F. Jones: Well, it's a long-term customer who we've had a relationship with, where at times we've done business loans and so forth. But the key is, is that it's all collateralized by his real estate, right?
Collyn Bement Gilbert: So that's multiple real estate, residential real estate properties, is that what you're saying then to...
René F. Jones: Let me just -- it's a fair amount of real estate.
Collyn Bement Gilbert: Okay. But it's residential real estate, not commercial?
René F. Jones: That's correct.
Collyn Bement Gilbert: Okay, okay. And then just a big picture question. It sort of has been like the M&T story and you said for many years that you think about the GDP and you think M&T's going to grow at the rate of GDP or maybe slightly more or that the banking industry in general should sort of -- that's a normalized growth rate for the industry. If we look at what you guys put on in 2012, you grew 10%, 11%. Would you say that 2012 was a transitional year as it related to the economy and maybe the opportunities that you saw in taking share in Upstate New York? Or do you sort of see a shift, a potential sort of opportunistic shift occurring for you guys as it relates to the rest of the economy in terms of future growth?
René F. Jones: Let me -- that's a good question. So let me start. I'm going to go in reverse, Collyn. I would say that we have seen -- it has been an opportunistic shift given where we were, particularly through the crisis and the fact that the company stayed healthy. And so it's presented us with a lot of opportunities, and that's probably the first differentiating factor as to why our revenue growth has been higher than the general economy. But I would argue that the only way that you can get into that position is if you take the view that you shouldn't be growing much faster than the economy. So I think we still have that view, and we'll try to do our best not to make too many mistakes. But then the other thing, and so we can get down into it, I mean the Upstate New York markets was something that happened to us that was exceptional that impacted our loan growth. The fact that one of the things I think people may be underestimate is that while our charge-offs have been really low, and there's a view out there that, "well how much lower can they get when the economy improves?" We tend to move like the economy, so we just have a lower base. But having said that, what's different now is that a lot of the portfolios that we acquired are also seeing a benefit from that. And you just don't -- based on the way the acquisition accounting works, you see that in your net interest income, right? So I think you've got it. And we hope that those types of things -- good things will continue to happen to us. But we think the path to get there has just sort of stick to our knitting and focus on integrating these transactions and not trying to push too hard or make things happen that aren't given to us by the general economy.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Stephen Mead with Anchor Capital.
Stephen Mead: Just coming back to the dividend policy, because of the submission of the Capital Plan and also the Hudson transaction, is the dividend policy in a sense on hold or what? And have you stated some level of either growth in the dividend or payout of earnings?
René F. Jones: Well, what we said and I guess the better term is that what we reminded people is that there's nearly never been a big change in the way we think about dividend payout, cash payout. For the longest time, we've maintained, you can go back, a dividend payout ratio that was somewhere between 25% and 32%. And our thinking was that as the company grew, then the shareholders would be rewarded by growth in the dividend as well. We kept it in that range because we wanted a lot of flexibility because we were very keenly aware that consistency is important and that from time to time, there are disruptions, definitely in banks, in bank stocks, in bank earnings. So we felt that the easiest way to do that is to not have too high of a payout ratio. When we saw the low point of the storm hit in 2009, that made our payout ratio increase and then we had the highest payout ratio. But it was from maintaining it consistently, right? So as you see in the last 2 quarters, we've come down to about 32% roughly, I think, is what I saw the payout ratio the last 2 quarters. So that's probably right about at the top end of the range of where we've been the last 20 years -- I can only vouch for the last 20 years. So we don't really see any change in that nor are we aware of any reason why we would change our approach. It also happens it's now seen to be consistent with the views of the regulatory community.
Stephen Mead: Okay. The other question, just going back to the Hudson City transaction, that deal was announced just before the September announcement by the Fed to purchase mortgage-backed securities. Did you anticipate that in your negotiation of Hudson? And how has, in a sense, the Fed's policy to repurchase mortgage-backs, how has it changed things in terms of your integration of Hudson?
René F. Jones: It hasn't. I mean, keep in mind that first of all, it's not an agency portfolio. And two, what we tend to do is -- when we show up on day one, it's an organization we don't know and I think -- first, we think about credit, then we think about credit and we think about credit again, right? So we're deep into the loan files and looking at what we think the risk is of the portfolio. And we would have had no foresight into what the Federal Reserve was going to do. And as I look at it today, I don't see it having much impact on our thinking. I also think that if you look at what's happened to mortgage rates, there's been really little influence from any of that to what's being passed through to the customer. So hopefully that's hopeful, but I don't think there's really...
Stephen Mead: So you -- on the consumer side of the equation, in terms of the margin compression that's occurring and the asset yields coming down faster than say cost of funds, it's got to affect people's calculation of returns on equity just...
René F. Jones: Yes, you've got to separate the description of what I'm telling you is happening to our balance sheet, which are loans we booked several years ago. And any time we make a forward-looking decision, whether it be on making a loan or definitely a transaction where we're going to buy a bank, we're looking at forward curves, right? And quite frankly, we tend to price transactions by looking at forward curves and making sure that we can, at least economically in our analysis, pay a price that allows us to hedge those -- any changes in that forward curve, right? So they're 2 sort of separate things. The earlier description is of what's been rolling off our balance sheet from loans that were made in prior periods.
Operator: You have a follow-up question from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard S. Cassidy: Can you tell us when -- what's the timing of when you think you might be able to close the Hudson deal?
René F. Jones: No, there's no change. I mean, we would like to be able to do it by the second quarter, I think. So no change in what we said. And what I can tell you is there's been really no change. We're moving along in the regulatory process, and one of the big steps in the process was submitting our Capital Plan on January 7. So we've now done that. And hopefully, we'll get feedback and work with the Fed and other parties to get there by the second quarter.
Gerard S. Cassidy: Would that be toward do you think the front-end of the quarter or the latter part of the quarter or is it just too hard to say right now?
René F. Jones: They only let me talk to you at the end of the quarter.
Operator: That was our final question. Now I'll turn the floor back up to Mr. MacLeod for any closing comments.
Donald J. MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, if clarification of any of the items on the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department at (716) 842-5138.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-17 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Lynn, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q3 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Don MacLeod, you may begin your conference.
Donald J. MacLeod: Thank you, Lynn, and good morning. This is Don MacLeod. I’d like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it, along with the financial tables and schedules, from our website, www.mtb.com, and by clicking on the Investor Relations link. Also, before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those made on Forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now, I’d like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, René Jones.
René F. Jones: Thanks, Don, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. The third quarter was a busy one for us, including our announcement of the acquisition of Hudson City Bancorp near the end of August, as well as M&T's final exit from the TARP program through the U.S. Treasury's sales of its investment in M&T through a public offering. As we noted in the press release, this year's third quarter financial results reflect good progress from across most of our core banking businesses, as well as a very favorable mortgage banking environment. I'll begin by reviewing some of the highlights, after which, Don and I will take your questions. Turning to the specific numbers, diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $2.17 in the third quarter of 2012, up 27% from $1.71 earned in this year's second quarter and up 64% from the $1.32 earned in the third quarter of 2011. Net income for the third quarter was $293 million, up 26% from $233 million in the linked quarter, and up 60% from $183 million in last year's third quarter. Since 1998, M&T has consistently provided supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis from which we exclude the after-tax effect of amortization of intangible assets, as well as expenses and gains associated with mergers and acquisition activity. There were no merger-related expenses in the recent quarter's results. However, M&T's results for the second quarter of 2012 included related -- merger-related expenses of $4 million after tax or $0.03 per common share related to the Wilmington Trust merger. GAAP earnings in last year's third quarter included $16 million of after-tax merger-related expenses or $13 per share also related to the Wilmington deal. After-tax expenses from the amortization of intangible assets was $9 million or $0.07 per common share in the recent quarter, down from $10 million or $0.08 per share in this year's second quarter. After-tax amortization expense was $11 million or $0.08 per common share in last year's third quarter. M&T's net operating income for the third quarter of 2012, which as noted, excludes the merger-related expenses and the intangible amortization, was $302 million, up 22% from -- up 22% from $247 million in the linked quarter and up 44% from $210 million in last year's third quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $2.24 for the recent quarter, up 23% from $1.82 in the linked quarter and up 46% from $1.53 in the year-ago quarter. Net operating income expressed as an annualized rate of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders' equity was 1.56% and 21.53%, respectively, for the recent quarter, improved from 1.30% and 18.54% in the second quarter of 2012. As usual, in accordance with SEC guidelines, this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results, including tangible assets and equity. Next, I'd like to cover a few highlights from the balance sheet and the income statement. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $669 million in the third quarter of 2012, up $14 million from $655 million in the prior quarter. The net interest margin expanded during the third quarter, increasing to 3.77%, up from 3.74% in the second quarter. Major items impacting the comparison in the linked quarter were as follows: An estimated 5 basis points of the improvement is attributable to a lower level of excess liquidity held at the Federal Reserve. Average funds on deposits with the Fed declined to $151 million in the third quarter, down from $1.17 billion in the recent quarter. One additional day in the third quarter as compared with the second quarter reduced the margin by about 1 basis point. And what I would characterize as core margin compression was about 1 basis point as lower yields on loans were largely offset by the benefit from a lower level of long-term borrowings, which were placed by low-cost core deposits. This is consistent with our expectation of in and around 2 basis points of continued underlying margin compression per quarter. Interest income recorded on acquired loans was little change from the amount in the linked quarter. I'll discuss our outlook for the margin towards the end of my comments. As for the balance sheet, average loan growth for the third quarter continued to be relatively strong, increasing by approximately $1.6 billion to $63.5 billion or an annualized 10% growth as compared with the prior quarter. On that same basis, compared with 2012 second quarter, changes in average loans by category were as follows: Commercial & industrial loans grew by $400 million or an annualized 10%. This included a seasonal decline in auto floor plan loans of about 5% annualized, which was more than offset by 12% annualized growth in other C&I categories. Commercial real estate loans grew by $257 million or an annualized 4% growth. Residential real estate loans were up by about $1.1 billion, reflecting the tail end of our program to retain conforming mortgage loan originations to hold on, on our balance sheet. We resumed our normal policy of selling the bulk of our conforming loan production at the beginning of September. Consumer loans declined an annualized 4%, reflecting the same factors we've been discussing for some time now, our reduced appetite for Indirect Auto loans given the low absolute returns associated with them and our customers' reduced appetite for home equity loan. On an end-of-period basis, loans grew by $1.3 billion or an annualized 8% compared to the linked quarter. Included in this figure was $7 million of annualized growth in C&I loans and the $1 billion increase in loans retained for -- in mortgage loans retained for investment. Average investment securities continue to decline as our appetite for purchasing securities remains very low based on extremely modest yields that are available. Average core customer deposits, which exclude foreign deposits and CDs over 250, were up an annualized 9% as compared with the linked quarter. The Upstate and Western New York region continues to benefit from the disruptions to customers and businesses impacted by the HSBC branch divestiture. Average loans in that region were up an annualized 14% compared to the linked quarter. Average commercial & industrial loans in that region were up by $291 million. And average CRE loans were up by $114 million. And while modest at 2% annualized growth, Upstate and Western New York was the only region with consumer loan growth. Average core deposit growth in Upstate New York region slowed to an annualized 5% compared with the linked quarter. And then core deposits -- sorry, average core deposit growth was an annualized 5% growth compared to linked quarter, and core deposits are up 13% compared to last year's third quarter. Turning to net interest -- noninterest income, noninterest income totaled $446 million in the quarter compared with $392 million in the prior quarter. The recent quarter's results included $5 million of securities losses including other than temporary impairment charges related to our investment securities portfolio, down from $17 million in the linked quarter. Excluding those losses from both periods, noninterest income was $451 million for the recent quarter, up 10% from $408 million in the second quarter. Mortgage banking revenues rose by $37 million to $107 million in the recent quarter compared with $70 million in the prior quarter. Residential mortgage loans locked for sales to third parties more than doubled from $856 million in the second quarter to $1.8 billion in the third quarter. Commercial mortgage loan activity also remained strong. Fee income from deposit services provided was $114 million during the recent quarter compared to $111 million in the linked quarter. Trust revenues were $116 million in the recent quarter compared with $122 million in the prior quarter. Recall that last quarter's results benefited from seasonal tax preparation fees of about $4 million. In addition to the decline in the seasonal tax-related fees, fees from managing our proprietary funds declined by about $1 million as a result of the rate environment. The remainder of the decline related to the timing of receivables. So looking back over the past year, we're pleased to note that trust and investment fees increased by 2% from last year's third quarter, reflecting our ability to retain customers throughout the integration of the 2 institutions. Turning to expenses, operating expenses, which excluded merger-related expenses and amortization of intangible assets, were $602 million for the third quarter, down from $604 million in the second quarter and $619 million in last year's third quarter. Included in the operating expenses for the third quarter was a $3 million addition to the valuation allowance for capitalized mortgage servicing rights and the efficiency ratio, which excludes securities, gains and losses, as well as intangible amortization, and the merger-related gains and expenses was 53.7% for the third quarter compared with 56.9% in the second quarter of 2012. While I would note that expenses were very well controlled during the recent quarter, the strong revenue growth trends were also a factor in the improvement in the efficiency ratio. Let's turn to credit. Credit continues to improve. Nonaccrual loans decreased to 1.44% of total loans at the end of the third quarter, down from 1.54% of total loans at the end of the previous quarter. Other non-performing assets consisting of assets taken into foreclosure of defaulted loans were $112 million as of September 30, also down from $116 million as of June 30. Net charge-offs for the third quarter were $42 million, down from $52 million in the second quarter of 2012. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were 26 basis points compared with 34 basis points in the linked quarter. This figure averaged 31 basis points for the first 9 months of 2012. The Provision for Credit Losses was $46 million in the third quarter compared with $60 million in the linked quarter, and the provision exceeded charge-offs, and as a result, the allowance for credit losses increased to $921 million at the end of the third quarter, reflecting continued growth in the loan portfolio. While the dollar amount of loan loss allowance increased, the ratio of allowance to credit losses to loans declined -- for credit losses to loans declined slightly to 1.44% compared to 1.46% at the end of the linked quarter. Total loan-loss allowance as of September 30 was 5.5x annualized net charge-offs for the quarter. We disclosed loans past due 90 days but still accruing separately from nonaccrual loans because they're deemed to be well secured and in the process of collection, which is to say that there is a low risk of principal loss. Loans 90 days past due were $309 million at the end of the recent quarter. Of these, $280 million or 91% are guaranteed by government-related entities. Loans 90 days past due were $275 million at the end of this year's second quarter, of which 93% were guaranteed by government-related entities. M&T's estimated Tier 1 common capital ratio improved to 7.47% at the end of September, up from 7.15% at the end of June. This reflects higher capital from retained earnings, partially offset by the larger end-of-quarter balance sheet. Lastly, I'd like to offer a few thoughts on our general outlook. We expect the net interest margin to be fairly stable over the remainder of 2012, with the caveat that new inflows of temporary trust deposits could diminish the reported margin but not the net interest income. The September year-to-date net interest margin of 3.73% is the same as we reported for the full year of 2011. We continue to believe the figure for the full year of 2012 will be comparable. That said, we continue to expect in and around 2 basis points of underlying core margin compression as we move forward. We'd expect to offer our outlook on the margin for 2013 on the January earnings call. Beyond mortgage banking, our lending pipeline remains healthy. That said, anecdotal evidence from customers is indicating that there may be some softening of demand as they await clarity regarding the election, as well as tax and fiscal policy. And it's difficult to offer an outlook on mortgage banking with any certainty. With rates where they are, we believe there will continue to be fairly healthy demand for refinancings for the next quarter or 2. As I noted earlier, we've begun selling the bulk of our conforming mortgage loan production again rather than to retain them for investment, which should support mortgage banking revenues in the fourth quarter. We were pleased to see further improvement of our efficiency ratio, part of which was due to strong revenues. We have achieved the bulk of our expected expense savings from the Wilmington Trust merger, with the possibility for some additional lingering benefits over the near-term. Our outlook for credit is unchanged. We expect continued improvement in nonaccrual and criticized loan portfolios, with charge-offs remaining relatively stable. Lastly, we continue to move forward with the Hudson City acquisition. The regulatory applications have been filed with the Fed and the New York State Banking regulators. And you probably saw the draft of our S-4 registration statement and merger proxy were filed on Monday. We continue to expect the closing of the merger in the second quarter. That said, we're still very early in the process and we will keep you informed as we progress. Of course, all of these projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events and other macroeconomic factors which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. I appreciate your patience this morning. We'll now open up the call to questions, before which, Lynn will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Erika Penala with Bank of America.
Leanne Erika Penala: I apologize, René, if I missed this in your prepared remarks, but could you give us a sense if in that mortgage banking number, if there were any unusually large MSR hedge gains?
René F. Jones: No. No, no, because we don't hedge our MSRs actually.
Leanne Erika Penala: Okay. So it's 100% production, I guess, is the best way to think about it. And in terms of the -- you mentioned that the origination level doubled in the resi mortgage. That had nothing to do with you choosing to sell off more of your production because you mentioned that, that happened late in September. That was all just volume?
René F. Jones: No. So let me kind of give you those numbers again, and I'll give you some clarity there. So we did -- we locked $856 million in the second quarter, and it was $1.8 billion in the third quarter. Of that, there was about $500 million of that increase came from our decision right around the beginning of September to lock those for sale instead of our portfolio. So you'd still have a pretty big gain, but there's about $500 million worth of mortgages that we've kind of flipped and are planning to sell. So that gave you a bit of a boost. So when you look at the $37 million increase on a linked-quarter basis, I would guess that, my rough estimate is that $15 million sort of came from that -- $15 million of the $37 million came from that decision. And we still had -- I think we still locked maybe $350 million in the quarter for our portfolio, which, next quarter, we would not do.
Leanne Erika Penala: Got it. And with regard to the cash balance levels, is this a more normal rate of cash balances for you going forward? Meaning, we don't expect any fluctuations higher even if those trust deposits are coming in, in the fourth quarter?
René F. Jones: No. Actually, you don't -- it's -- you can expect continued fluctuation because of the nature of the business, which really came to us with Wilmington Trust. And the swings can be fairly large, but the earnings rate on those amounts are pretty low. So if I were -- my personal model, I tend to take a look at those and put a very, very, very low earnings rate on them because they move the printed margin but they really don't do much to the net interest income. So if you missed that, it can be a little confusing sometimes. But that'll continue to fluctuate. It's very hard to predict because as we get business related to our trustee work around securitizations and those types of things, oftentimes, we get paid in balances as opposed to fees. And that trend is relatively high, I guess, based on -- relative to past experience, so...
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Ramsey with FBR.
Bob Ramsey: Just a follow-up on Erika's question about mortgage banking. So you said you all locked $1.8 billion in the third quarter and that without the portfolio activity, it could have been $350 million more. Based on your pipelines headed into the fourth quarter, is your expectation that you could do over $2 billion of volume? Or is there any shift in pipelines that gives you a different sense?
René F. Jones: Well, we have what we call our mortgage pipeline, which is all the applications that we receive during the quarter minus anything that's been withdrawn or anything that's actually already closed, and that's still on an uptick. So in the first quarter, it was $1.4 billion; in the second quarter, it was $1.8 billion; and at the end of the third quarter, it was $1.3 billion -- sorry, $2.3 billion. So it still has a bit of an upward trend associated with it.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. So it looks like you'll be doing more volume and selling even more of that volume in the last quarter. And is your expectation that margins will be relatively consistent third quarter to fourth, or any view there?
René F. Jones: I think when you normalize for the amount, like it took a while for the HARP programs to kind of catch up and normalize at their levels so you saw margins rising, but I think that's probably right that until that program dissipates over time, I think you'll see the margins just kind of remain where they were, I would guess. So I don't think the fourth quarter's really all that hard to predict. I think the bigger question is, how long does this last? And then we're kind of thinking about it as, at the end of the day, it allows us to build our capital. But we're not thinking that this trend can continue forever.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. That's helpful. And then on the resi loan front, I guess I was a little surprised by the amount of growth. I thought you all had scaled back the portfolio and activity earlier in the quarter than it sounds like you did. But given that you have made those changes in September, would your expectation be that from this level, that both securities and resi mortgages, that you don't see a lot of growth in either of those portfolios?
René F. Jones: Again, the accounting has some effects that can get you a little confused, right? So the $1.1 billion that you saw this quarter was all -- were loans that we locked in the second quarter. So that means that the amounts, the $350 million or so that we originated for our portfolio in the third quarter still has yet to roll on and that will come in the fourth quarter. So you should still see some growth, nothing like the same size that you saw this quarter, but it takes about, in a normal time, it's about 45 days to go from lock to close. And with the pipeline so full, we've expanded our capacity sort of as much as we can, but that 45 days might be a little longer. Maybe it's 60 days, right? So I think you'll see it continue to rise a little bit in the fourth quarter and then, I would guess, it should level off. Okay?
Donald J. MacLeod: Making that offer is, even on a normal basis, there's a certain amount of nonconforming that we originate and contain, prime jumbos, bi-weeklies and that sort of thing. And that's, typically, a couple hundred million a quarter.
René F. Jones: Which sort of serves to sustain the portfolio. It maybe compensates for normal runoff.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. Great. And then the last question, I'll hop out here. You mentioned that the Wilmington cost saves are largely in the numbers at this point or there could be some lingering near-term benefits, I think you said. Could you just talk a little bit about what some of those opportunities might be or how material they could be?
René F. Jones: Yes. Think about it this way, we just -- last quarter, I guess, just completed our integration. So some of the remaining impacts of that, you're yet to sort of see. So I think near term, I wouldn't be surprised to see expenses controlled, maybe even slightly down. But then longer term, even though there will still be some benefit that lingers into the next year, as we begin to think about 2013, one of the things that we're thinking about is sort of our investments, our investments in technology. Obviously, our investments in the network associated with the pending deal with Hudson. So my sense is, is that I feel pretty good about '13, meaning that some of that lingering benefit will help us to pay for investment. It means our expenses will likely be relatively controlled in 2013, but not necessarily down, right? So we're beginning to think about it. I'll talk more about it in January, but that's sort of kind of my thinking today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin: I was wondering, René, if you can talk a little bit about that preparation for ACBK [ph] a little bit more. And as that balance sheet comes on, you gave us some color when the deal was announced about the expected, kind of longer-term shrinkage of that portfolio. I guess any updated thoughts with regards to how the M&T balance sheet will change in advance of closing and then any differences in terms of how you're seeing the runoff or anticipating the runoff of the Hudson City book to be either better or worse, especially given what we've seen in rates recently?
René F. Jones: Yes. In short, as of now it's really early, but there's no change in what we're thinking about. And as we begin to kind of go through our normal M&T stuff, I think as you look out, some of the questions are difficult to answer about the size of the balance sheet. But I think the thing to think about is we tend to focus less on balances and more on profitability. So for example, we get questions about will you continue the jumbo program, and the answer is yes. Would we do it differently? I don't know. I mean it really depends on the profitability. We're going to focus on using equity in the best way. So I think it's hard to kind of comment on size, but I think we're probably same places we were when we did the announcement just a month or so ago. In terms of preparation on the people side, I think everybody's had their introductions to date. We've already begun our process of looking at the M&T folks who might want to spend some time in New Jersey and we've been out there recruiting. So it's nice to have a little lead time in anticipation of the sort of big distance between now and our anticipated second quarter close. So everything is going well, it's just not a lot of new stuff to really talk about. And of course, as time passes, that'll change, obviously.
Kenneth M. Usdin: Yes. Okay. My second question, René, just about the trust income of business. I know, again, this gets asked every quarter about the different machinations on how the business works from a revenue perspective, but there were some benefits last quarter as well. Can you just talk about just some of the subcomponents within trust income, how they acted this quarter? And are you anticipating growth from here?
René F. Jones: Yes. I would say -- I mean, let's do it this way. Let's -- let me just give you an advertisement first. So I'm really kind of pleased, a bit relieved in the sense that a year has gone by and we were able to get through what arguably is a pretty complex integration, merging mutual funds, getting people introduced to each other, and then getting the 2 sales forces to work together. And when you look year-over-year, we had 2% growth in trust fees. So we got the institutions combined by the third quarter of last year, we've now had 2% growth. What we've seen on the wealth side of the equation is that the couple years leading up to, and then last year, we had probably about as much new -- about as much runoff in business as we had new business. In the first 9 months of this year, that's crossed over, and we've had more new business and -- than we've had runoff. And quite frankly, the runoff has slowed from what Wilmington experienced the last couple of years. The stories are very good, meaning that we have a number of cases where we had pre-existing M&T clients that were more interested in doing business with us, both on the wealth side, or that felt that they were more inclined to do business with us simply because we had that wealth capability. But there's work to do. It's a little clunky internally and we've got our reporting and our process to get going, and I think that's probably understandable given that whether you're directly involved in the integration or not, some way, shape or form, whether you're explaining the integration to your customers or being directly involved, everybody's a little bit distracted over the course of the year to try to make all that work. So I think we're off to a good start. The growth -- my anecdotal estimate is that more of the growth that we got came from the CCS business, which has been, as I've mentioned several times, relatively diverse. And so that has been still robust and strong, and I'd say more of the growth, the 2% growth, is probably coming from that side of the shop. But that's what we know, more to come.
Kenneth M. Usdin: Okay, great. And last quick thing is just the losses in OCI and the losses in equity in Bayview, any better sight just given where we've come in the environment and spreads and credit improvement on when we might start to see those 2 areas finally start to tail off?
René F. Jones: Sure, sure, Ken. So a couple things. I think if I go to our core non-agency portfolio, that's about $500 million now, it's down to about $500 million, we saw early stage delinquencies on that portfolio come down in August. And so that tends to bode well for what we might see in our securities book, in our private-label mortgage-backed securities book, we'll have to see. Despite the stabling of housing prices over the last quarter or so, we've always kind of maintained a down assumption and are kind of as we look out today, we're thinking that maybe over the next year, there's a slight upward trajectory in housing prices. And that's part of the reason why you've seen the change in the size of that OTTI. So I think it depends heavily on housing prices, and it depends if we were to get a lag effect, which was a positive effect on consumers and consumer delinquencies, then that would bode pretty well for that securities book. If it were to go the other way, it would change, but slightly more positive there. And then no big change in Bayview other than the same underlying -- any underlying credit costs seem to be very stabilized. And on the asset management front, they seem to have more opportunities than not because they've been producing very strong returns. Obviously, absolute returns, but also relative to what you can get out there in the market today with low rates. So things seem to be good on those fronts.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo Securities.
Matthew H. Burnell: You mentioned that you're continuing to see opportunities in Upstate New York and referenced some growth rates that were above the growth rate of the overall company. How much longer do you think that benefit can continue to help you in terms of your C&I loan growth and customer retention?
René F. Jones: Yes, it's a good question. Well, I think the best way for me to do this is we've been talking about the growth for a number of quarters and the opportunities, and I think a lot of my comments have been much more about the opportunities and what we're seeing as we see customers join M&T. And now, what you've seen is you've actually seen those customers roll on and begin to get funded and so forth. So you kind of -- you're seeing the result of the work we've done over the course of the year now. I don't know. I mean I think, obviously, again, it can't last forever, but the trend is sort of at a high point today. We're still hearing very positive things particularly in our business banking area, also, you noted on the consumer side. So maybe a couple more quarters, I would hope.
Matthew H. Burnell: And just a follow-up on the trust customer defection comment that you made earlier. Could you remind us what your expectations were for the trust customer defections when you went into the Wilmington Trust acquisition and sort of where they've ended up being?
René F. Jones: Yes. I mean I don't think I can do that in terms of numbers, but I can tell you we were nervous because we never had done an acquisition or a merger where that type of business was engaged. And I'd say out of the gate, we were relatively pleased with the lack of any significant defection, big-name defection. But where we began to get an understanding was that as we looked back with the help of the Wilmington and their -- the Wilmington folks as to what happened when they went through their very difficult time on the commercial real estate side, their defections had jumped up, say 2 years ago, 2, 3 years ago, and then again, they were up again going into 2011. And the only thing that was different about 2011, particularly the second half, is that the M&T customers began to get engaged. So I don't think there was much of a -- we didn't see any increase in trends of runoff from when we joined versus before. But I would guess anecdotally, we would've anticipated that there would be some. My sense is I'd have been happy if we were only down a bit in trust income year-over-year, right? If you think about in terms of trying to protect that revenue base and that customer base, yes, we were up. So that's the best I can do for you.
Matthew H. Burnell: Sure. And then just finally, your commercial loan yields were pretty stable, actually up a basis point quarter-over-quarter. How much pressure are you seeing in the structure on the C&I lending? We've heard anecdotally from a number -- from several other banks that their -- that customers are now looking to extend the maturities on their commercial lending. And I guess I'm just curious as to how you feel about that and if you've seen any pressure in that regard.
René F. Jones: No big thing. In some cases, yesterday, I got an e-mail about something in Upstate New York where that was exactly the case, somewhat aggressive pricing and looking to extend maturities. But that is sort of the first I had heard about it from others. I know down in Maryland where our loan growth has been a little bit slower, particularly on the commercial real estate side, the life companies have sort of come back into play, along with the conduits actually slowly coming back into play as an alternative. And that puts a little bit of pressure on pricing and therefore, for us, volume. And then Pennsylvania, anecdotally, it's just that slow, steady improvement in the economy. And from time to time, you hear a lot about the smaller institutions being aggressive. This quarter, I really didn't give a lot of commentary about that. So when I look at our book, I have got a -- we've got a very robust thing here that we can see all of the amounts that we originated and what the margins are. Our margins have been up slightly each quarter, very slightly, and returns have held out pretty well. So overall, while I would expect the competition to be very aggressive, it hasn't been too bad relative to what we've seen in the past.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Hagerman with Sterne Agee.
Todd L. Hagerman: René, just quickly, one of the things we don't talk about too often is the purchase accounting and the effect on spread and margin. Obviously, there's been a couple of companies this quarter that have taken a pretty big hit with some of their underlying assumptions there. Just kind of remind us or kind of speak to how we should think about that on a go-forward basis. Just obviously, there's some timing differences relative to when you got Wilmington and so forth, but just kind of think of how you guys are thinking about that or how we should think about that kind of going forward, if whether you've made any changes recently or what the outlook is there.
René F. Jones: No. So remember, so for us, we've treated the acquired loans, non-impaired and purchase impaired the same way. So today, I think you saw in our MD&A, we put a table in there which showed that the difference between -- on the acquired portfolio, the difference between what the customers' code M&T and what the carrying balance was is about $506 million. Versus the old days, it's funny accounting because the $506 million is basically not on your balance sheet, right? So when we look at this quarter, there's been no real change, I mean minimal, if any. I think last quarter, we had $90 million of benefit to total market from acquired loans, and that didn't change much at all. But as we kind of go forward, the way the accounting works now is that in essence, improvement in credit, to some extent, could come in and support your margin in the future if rates were to remain low, prices for -- or particularly with Wilmington, prices for land and commercial real estate, the construction projects were to sort of revive itself, you wouldn't see that come back and through the credit; you'd see it come through the margin. So what we do is we just look every quarter, we look at the entire book. We run -- look at the cash flow estimates that we have over the life of those loans. We run some screens to see if things are improving or getting worse or what it is. And then from time to time, meaning quarterly, if we were to think things are getting better with those cash flows or being able to collect some of that $506 million, which I think is about $470-million-something this quarter, you'd see that benefit into the margin. But there's no way to really kind of predict it, right? Because as of today, we think what we're basically saying is that we don't think the $477 million or $470 million is collectible. That's how it works.
Todd L. Hagerman: Right. Yes. And then just as a follow-up to that, have you -- in terms of your initial assumption, in terms of the estimated life of those loans, has that changed at all? When you made ...
René F. Jones: We don't change it from when we originally do the mark, but obviously, time is going by, right? So on that Provident transaction, it was in '09. So those portfolios are getting smaller. But we've not made any change in life estimates on the book.
Todd L. Hagerman: Okay. And then just switching gears, just quickly on the reserve and credit, obviously, credit quality is pretty exceptional at the company. Historically, you guys have been pretty conservative as it relates to both your reserve coverage, as well as very modest reserve releases. How should we kind of think about that at this point given where credit quality is and going into the Hudson City, we're going to have a pretty significant mixed shift, and again, you kind of start at square one with the purchase accounting, and then you've got the repopulation effect. I'm just wondering basically how low could this -- could your coverage go effectively?
René F. Jones: I love that question. I don't have a clue to the answer, especially when it comes to Hudson City. But let me start by -- look, our allowance ratio is coming down. I think that's a sign that our charge-offs have been improving at 1.44%. For the first time in a long time, our allowance ratio is actually the same, 1.44%, as our non-performing ratio, right? So it's 1:1. I think that my personal view is that more so than any big change in the inherent loss at our portfolio is the effect that delinquencies overall in the United States on real estate and delinquencies specifically on residential mortgages are really, really high. Still, if you go back -- we did a chart the other day that went back to the first quarter of 1985, they were very high. Why you're seeing improvement is because of the underlying rate environment, which is really being stimulated by the Fed and the policies. So we believe there really hasn't been a big change in the inherent risk in the portfolios, but there's been this sort of environmental factor with rates that's actually helped us be able to sort of move some of our non-performing loans and for some of the performance on real estate to actually improve a bit. So we still see -- we remain cautious as we kind of look at the underlying portfolio, but obviously, things are pretty stable. When it comes to Hudson City, the accounting rules are still relatively new, so we're going through to make sure we understand exactly how we'll treat those loans. These loans, loans at a discount versus a premium, may be different. So we're working through that, and it's hard for me to tell you right now what we'll do, but obviously, we'll try to be as clear as we possibly can regarding what we do there. But it's a little early for us to kind of give you clarity on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard S. Cassidy: René, can you tell us the loans, the mortgages that you put into the residential mortgage portfolio, what type of resi mortgages are those? Are they the 15- and 30-year fixed? Or are they adjustable?
René F. Jones: This -- there was a mix of 15, 20 and 30. I don't know if I have the history of what we put on. We were, starting last quarter, we started moving. And so what you saw come on this quarter, we started moving much closer to the 15-year space, and we were going to -- our anticipation was to keep moving more and more in that direction. But then of course, we stopped on September 1 simply because we were about to inherit a lot more mortgages from Hudson City. Don, do you know the fixed, the variable split of what we put on, for example, this quarter? I don't -- Gerard, I'll have to get back to you on that. But I think it's mostly fixed because at the end of the day, we were trying to close down our -- some of our -- or slow down our asset sensitivity. So we didn't have a big demand for variable rate mortgages.
Gerard S. Cassidy: Sure. The other question, and you guys obviously do a very good job on managing your expenses as it showed this quarter, and I'm curious, you had such a great quarter in the mortgage revenue area, mortgage reduction. How do you compensate your originators? Because if it was a big variable comp, I would've thought you would -- I think salaries and compensation went down in the quarter. How do you guys compensate those folks?
René F. Jones: It's industry-standard. I mean, well, it hasn't changed over time. They get a percentage on based on what they originate, and they do much better in environments like this than they do when things are -- when rates are going up. But I think what you're seeing is, I'll be just very frank, I mean our expense savings underlying for the core bank and for Wilmington and the combined bank has been very, very strong. So you did see we do have higher mortgage banking expenses in that number. Those costs are mostly variable. One thing that offsets it in the salary line is that your capital -- you're using SAS 91 to capitalize your salary costs, right? So the more that you originate, the more of your salaries that you defer over towards the life of the loan. So that's another thing that sort of dampens the effect there. But cash expenses are higher.
Gerard S. Cassidy: Sure. And then could you also give us a little further color on the auto? You guys have been doing the business for quite some time and you already identified that the returns really aren't as good as you'd like in that business, which is affecting the balances of consumer loans. Are you seeing underwriting standards that really are starting to make you nervous, or is it just purely rate? You just don't like the rates?
René F. Jones: I mean, I guess I'll answer it this way, we could get a lot more volume at acceptable returns if we took a lot more risk. But is that -- I don't know if there's been a change in the industry. I would guess not. I would guess that most people are -- most of our competitors or people offering this service in the banking industry are focused on the same group of very highly creditworthy customers. That doesn't bode well for everybody in the U.S. to sort of share in the benefit of low rates. But having said that, that's what probably puts most of the pressure on us, is that we're kind of -- we remain in a relatively high quality space there. But I don't think there's been any real structural change other than rate.
Gerard S. Cassidy: Okay. And do your guys who are on the front lines come back and tell you folks that, boy, we're seeing more competitors now in this space of PNC or a Huntington, names that may have not have been as competitive 5 years ago or 4 years ago?
René F. Jones: I think that's just generally true, more or less, Gerard, it's kind of funny. Our guys have been around here a long time. And so it tends to be stories about how, well, these guys are back in again, and so-and-so left again, right? I mean because one of the strengths of M&T in this business is that whether things are good or things are bad, we've never left, right? So we maintain our focus. And I think at times when people have started to get out of the business, that's when we've been able to take share and we've done very well in the business. Right now, it's just the sort of the opposite side of the cycle. Gerard, just back to your other question, if we did $800 million of locks, $700 million were fixed.
Gerard S. Cassidy: Okay, good. And finally, and this might be more of a Board of Directors question, but in your history in the last 20 or so years, 30 years, you split the stock a couple of times. We've all seen the studies done by folks that look at stock splits and dividend increases generally being positive for stock prices over a long period of time. Is that -- would that come up in discussion, do you think, at the board level if the stock breaks through $100 a share and moves possibly higher?
René F. Jones: My guess would be, I doubt it. I mean, we're-- I'm not a board member, but we tend to focus heavily on economics. And unless someone could show us some value that's created for each of our shareholders in the form of cash, I doubt that we'd focus on those types of things. We have so much on our plate to do that I think those issues probably will go way to the back burner. But I thank you for that question because it's a long -- the first time we've gotten that question in a very, very long time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Collyn Gilbert with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Collyn Bement Gilbert: So most of my questions have been answered, but just, I know you mentioned that it's hard for you to sort of predict growth and overall size of balance sheet post Hudson City, but I guess, and maybe this is just a question for you to remind us what your strategy was, how you guys laid it out when you announced the deal. But so if I look back and you guys generally have managed or maintained between securities and residential mortgages as a percent of running assets, that 23% or 25% range, and then obviously, post Hudson City, that shoots up to 40%. And I know you're thinking about profitability and thinking about the jumbo business, but just knowing all that you know now, knowing the way you guys have run the bank for the last 20 years, where do you think you could manage that level down to?
René F. Jones: A couple of things. Let's just start with where we are today. So I don't know that anything has really changed in our appetite for discretionary assets. So if I look internally through the first 9 months at our plans, we are about $1.7 billion over in residential mortgages than what we thought when we built our plan. We're $1.7 billion under in securities, right? So we kind of look at those fungibles. So I would always look at the existing book right now as the difference between the -- I'd add resis and securities. And you'd see that some of that change is just muted because of substitution. Then as we go forward, we did say we'd open up with the balance sheet, I think, at $27 billion of resi mortgages. And that, over the course, maybe 18 months later, that would be somewhere tapered down into the low 20s. I think our -- remember, at the time you're getting familiar with an institution, what you're trying to do there is manage mostly risk, right? And then you've got to kind of get in and get comfortable with it. There's a portion of that business that I would guess also will serve to be -- to flip over to originate and sell like we do today. But there's also a couple of new -- or a couple of products that are probably -- that are new to M&T but that are very, very appropriate for that footprint around the jumbo mortgages, right? And our intention is to continue those businesses and to spend our time trying to understand the profitability, and the profitability of those will dictate the size. So I don't take away my comments that we'll-- 18 months after the acquisition, we'll have some $20 billion and more in resi mortgages. I don't know that I would treat all those as discretionary assets. We'll have to kind of think about how that mix breaks out, right? But that's how we think about it. And if it changes, we'll tell you, but we're learning.
Collyn Bement Gilbert: Okay. Okay, that's helpful. And just what was the amortization speed of your own residential mortgage portfolio this quarter?
René F. Jones: It's been rising and it kind of moved up pretty quickly, past 15%. I don't remember exactly what the number was, but it was -- it moved past 15% this quarter, I believe. So maybe in the high teens.
Collyn Bement Gilbert: Okay. So that's way -- I mean, because I think Hudson City's was running at like 27 or something. So it's...
René F. Jones: Yes, I think it was 22, 20, yes.
Collyn Bement Gilbert: Okay. So you're lower than Hudson, okay, okay. And then just on the -- and I think I can probably infer from your comment, but when you were talking about Wilmington Trust and trust revenues up 2% year-over-year and kind of giving your ad or whatever you said it was, did that 2% that you guys posted, is that better than what you expected, in line with what you expected or a little bit light, having gone in when you first went into the budgetary process?
René F. Jones: My guess is it was better than I expected, less than the Wilmington Trust team expected. I mean they were pretty optimistic, they're still very optimistic, and doing deals, you know that things don't always go really smoothly. Things have just gone better than average, so it's better than I expected.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Crédit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: René, just wanted your perspective on 2 kind of separate issues. One is we've been hearing there's more regulatory scrutiny around bank reserve levels, and I saw your reserve went up a little bit and that makes sense because you had good loan growth, but any thoughts there? And the second piece was the CFPB is considering giving mortgage lenders protection from legal risk. I'm wondering if you see any impact there. The industry getting maybe more aggressive in extending credit at that point or maybe any specific points for M&T there?
René F. Jones: No real outlook on the CFPB. But on the allowance front, look, I think we've all learned a lot from the last crisis. I think on hindsight, many reserves were just too low. And I think that the trend is that there's more emphasis on the banks to be very, very focused on identifying the underlying inherent risk in their portfolio. I think the stress testing actually probably adds to that, right? People are expecting us to really understand and think about the risk, where it could be lying within our portfolio. The one big trend though is just more and more documentation for whatever your position is. We're seeing that from every front, whether it be the audit industry or various regulators that come to see us. So that's what we're doing, and we're trying to make sure that we explain what we see and be very, very clear on it. I know there has been a lot of chatter, but I -- at the end of the day, you got to stick to your process and make sure you've explained it well.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time.
Donald J. MacLeod: Again, thank you, all, for participating today. And as always, if clarification on any of the items on the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department at area code (716) 842-5462.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-17 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Don MacLeod of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Donald J. MacLeod: Thank you, Paula, and good morning. This is Don MacLeod. I’d like to thank everyone for participating in M&T Bank's Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it, along with the financial tables and schedules, from our website, www.mtb.com and by clicking on the Investor Relations link. Also, before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on Forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now I’d like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, René Jones.
René F. Jones: Thank you, Don. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the call today. As we noted in the press release, this year's second quarter financial results reflects strong performance across most of our business. I'll share the details on these in a moment, but let me begin by reviewing the highlights, after which, Don and I will take your questions. Turning to the specific numbers. Diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $1.71 in the second quarter of 2012, up 14% from the $1.50 earned in this year's first quarter. Net income for the second quarter was $233 million, up 13% from $206 million in the linked quarter. For the purpose of comparison, recall that last year's second quarter marked the acquisition of Wilmington Trust Corporation, and as such, those results included several items related to the merger. Looking back, those items included $67 million of after-tax security gains amounting to $0.54 per common share, which was a result repositioning our securities portfolio in connection with the merger in May 2011. Also, included in GAAP earnings in the second quarter of 2011 was a $42 million net after-tax merger-related gain amounting to $0.33 per share. Finally, last year's second quarter included a net $9 million or $0.07 per common share after-tax impact related to our purchase of $370 million of TARP preferred stock that M&T had previously issued to the United States Department of the Treasury. That purchase resulted in the partial acceleration of the amortization of the discount on that preferred stock, which was reflected as a net after-tax $9-million decrease in our net income available to common shareholders. Reflecting those items, diluted GAAP earnings per common share for last year's second quarter were $2.42 per share, and net income was $322 million. Since 1998, M&T has consistently provided supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis, from which we exclude the after-tax effect of amortization of intangibles, as well as expenses and gains associated with mergers and acquisition activity. Included in GAAP earnings for the second quarter of 2012 were merger-related expenses attributable to the Wilmington Trust acquisition amounting to $4 million after-tax or $0.03 per common share. This compares with $2 million after-tax or $0.01 per common share in the first quarter. GAAP earnings in last year's second quarter included a $42-million after-tax net merger-related gain. After-tax expense from the amortization of intangible assets was $10 million or $0.08 per common share in the recent quarter, unchanged from the first quarter. After-tax amortization expense was $9 million or $0.07 per common share in last year's second quarter. M&T's net operating income for the second quarter of 2012, which as noted, excludes only the merger-related gains and expenses and the intangible amortization, was $247 million, up from $218 million in the linked quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per share were $1.82 for the recent quarter compared with $1.59 in the linked quarter. Net operating income, expressed as an annualized rate of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common equity -- shareholders equity, was 1.30% and 18.54%, respectively, for the recent quarter, improved from 1.18% and 16.79% in the first quarter of 2012. In accordance with SEC guidelines, this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results including tangible assets and equity. Next, I'd like to cover a few highlights from the balance sheet and the income statement. Tax equivalent net interest income was $655 million for the second quarter of 2012, up $28 million from $627 million in the prior quarter. As required by GAAP, we regularly revisit cash flow projections on which we base our valuations of acquired loans. In general, based on stabilizing economic conditions and our success at restructuring several large acquired loans, our estimated cash flows to be generated by acquired loans have increased about -- by about 1%. Those increases led us to recognize about $14 million of additional interest income last quarter on our $7 billion portfolio of acquired loans. Certainly, as acquired loans repay and that portfolio reduces in size in future periods, the dollar amount of interest income earned on acquired loans will also reduce but we -- what we estimate that the incremental impact in each of the last 2 quarters of 2012 should remain at about $13 million to $14 million -- at the $13 million to $14 million level. Notably, lower than expected cash flows on loans must be reserved for immediately. Reflecting those improved cash flows, the net interest margin expanded during the second quarter increasing to 3.74%, up from 3.69% in the first quarter. Major items impacting the comparison with the linked quarter as -- are as follows: The $14 million increase in net interest income on acquired loans that I just noted added 8 basis points to the margin this quarter. Cash basis interest received on loans previously classified as non-accruing, combined with the slightly higher level of prepayment fees, was $7 million higher in the recent quarter as compared with the prior quarter. More than half of the increase came as a result of one large non-accrual loan being fully repaid. This had a positive impact on the margin of approximately 4 basis points. During the second quarter, we again experienced large inflows of temporary trust deposits, which arose from customer funds held in escrow in connection with a bond issuance and the merger transaction. Where possible, we used that cash to pay down discretionary borrowings, but the net impact was a $981-million increase in the average cash balances that we held at the Federal Reserve. The low yield on those higher deposits at the Federal -- Fed reduced the margin by an estimated 5 basis points during the quarter. Cash held at the Fed returned to a more normal level by the end of the quarter. Core banking activities reflected slight compression in the margin with new loans coming on at yields lower than those already on the books, and this has largely been offset by lower deposit rates and a higher portion of non-interest-bearing deposits. The net impact for the quarter was approximately -- was an approximate 2-basis-point reduction. I'll discuss our outlook for the margin in a few moments. As for the balance sheet, average loan growth in the second quarter was strong, increasing by approximately $1.3 billion or an annualized 9% to $61.8 billion. On that same basis, compared with 2012's first quarter, changes in average loans by category were as follows: Commercial and industrial loans grew by $372 million or an annualized 10%. Commercial real estate loans grew by $178 million or an annualized 3%. Residential real estate loans were up by $930 million, reflecting our program of retaining the bulk of our conforming mortgage loan originations to hold on our balance sheet. Consumer loans declined an annualized 5%, driven by lower-end direct auto loans and modestly lower home equity loans and lines of credit. This was partially offset by a 7% annualized growth in all other consumer loans, primarily recreation finance. On an end-of-period basis, loans grew $1.9 billion or an annualized 13% compared with the linked quarter. Included in this figure was 12% annualized growth for C&I loans and 7% annualized growth for the CRE loans, which sets us up nicely as we enter the third quarter. Average investment securities continue to decline as our appetite for purchasing securities remained low in the second quarter based on the low yields available. Instead, we continued with our program to retain residential mortgage loan production. Looking to deposits on the deposit side, average core customer deposits, which exclude foreign deposits and CDs greater than $250,000 were up an annualized 18%, reflecting the large inflows of temporary trust deposits that I mentioned previously. As a result, as noted, M&T's average interest-bearing deposits at the Fed increased by approximately $1 billion compared with the first quarter. The majority of the increase was paid out by the end of the quarter. Thus, on an end-of-period basis, core deposits increased an annualized 14%. We continued to benefit from the disruptions to consumers and businesses impacted by the HSBC branch divestiture in Upstate New York. Average loans in Upstate in Western New York -- in the Western New York region were up an annualized 8% compared to the linked quarter. That includes 18% annualized growth in commercial and industrial loans. Average core deposits in Upstate and Western New York region were up by an annualized 15% compared with the linked quarter, and up 12% compared with last year's second quarter. Turning to non-interest income. Non-interest income totaled $392 million in the second quarter compared with $377 million in the prior quarter. The recent quarter results included $16 million of other than temporary impairment charges related to our investment securities portfolio compared with $11 million in the linked quarter. Excluding those charges from both periods, non-interest income was $408 million for the recent quarter, up 5% from $388 million in the first quarter. Mortgage banking revenues rose to $70 million in the recent quarter compared with $56 million in the prior quarter. We saw increased levels of activity on both the commercial and the residential sides of our business. On the residential side so-called HARP 2 loans bolstered gains on -- gain on sale revenues from both a volume and a margin perspective. Fee income from the deposit services provided, which include debit card interchange, were $111 million during the recent quarter compared with $109 million in the linked quarter. Trust revenues rose to $122 million in the recent quarter compared with $117 million in the prior quarter. Contributing to the increase were seasonal tax-preparation-related-revenues and merger-related synergies as well as new business wins. Turning to expenses. On operating expenses, which exclude merger-related expenses and the amortization of intangible assets, were $604 million for the second quarter. This compares to the $620 million in the first quarter, which includes $26 million of seasonally high -- the $620 million in the first quarter, which included $26 million of seasonally high compensation-related items. The seasonal factors returned to more normal levels in the second quarter. The conversion of our trust systems to a single operating platform has been substantially completed. We expect no additional merger-related expenses related to Wilmington -- to the Wilmington Trust acquisition. We do expect continued realization of merger savings in the second half of 2012. The efficiency ratio, which excludes security gains and losses, as well as tangible amortization and merger-related gains and expenses, was 56.9% for the second quarter compared with 61.1% in the first quarter of 2012. Next, let's turn to credit. Credit trends continued to show improvements. For example, non-accrual loans decreased to 1.54% of total loans at the end of the second quarter, down from 1.75% of total loans at the end of the previous quarter. Other nonperforming assets consisting of assets taken in foreclosure of defaulted loans were $116 million as of June 30, also down from $140 million as of March 31. Net charge-offs for the second quarter were $52 million, up slightly from $48 million in the first quarter of 2012. And annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were 34 basis points compared with 32 basis points in the linked quarter. The provision for credit losses was $60 million in the second quarter compared with $49 million in the linked quarter. The provision exceeded net charge-offs, and as a result, the allowance for credit losses increased to $917 million at the end of the second quarter. The increase in part reflects the $1.9 billion of loan growth that we saw during the quarter. While the dollar amount of loan loss allowance increased, the ratio of allowance to credit losses to total loans declined slightly to 1.46% compared with 1.49% at the end of the linked quarter. The loan loss allowance as of June 30, 2012, was 4.5x annualized net charge-offs for the quarter. We disclosed loans past due 90 days but still accruing separately from non-accrual loans because they are deemed to be well secured in the process of collection, which is to say, there is low risk of principal loss. Loans 90 days past due were $275 million at the end of the recent quarter, of those, 255 or 93% are guaranteed by government-related entities. Loans 90 days past due were $273 million at the end of the -- this year's first quarter, of which, a similar 93% were guaranteed by government-related entities. Lastly, while we don't report criticized loan levels until our 10-Q is filed, we do expect another meaningful decrease in the second quarter. M&T's estimated Tier 1 common capital ratio was 7.15% at the end of June, up from 7.04% at the end of March, and this reflects higher capital from retained earnings partially offset by a larger end-of-quarter balance sheet. Lastly, I'd like to offer a few thoughts on our general outlook. We expect the net interest margin to be fairly stable over the second half of 2012, with some slight downward pressure from lower yields on new loans, offset by lower costs on deposits and on other borrowings. Overall, as we noted on both the January and April earnings conference calls, we continued to expect the full year net interest margin of 2012 to be modestly lower than the 3.73 reported for the full year of 2011. Combined with the continued growth -- continued loan growth, we also continue to expect growth in net interest income throughout 2012. As a result of the stronger-than-expected mortgage banking activity over the past year, we are thinking about our internal targets for the retention of conforming residential mortgage loans. And we've already begun retaining a lower proportion of our 30-year fixed rate originations beginning in this year's third quarter. We would not expect our overall retention of mortgage loans to remain at current -- at the current elevated levels much beyond the end of 2012. While pleased to see our efficiency ratio decline to 56.9% in the recent quarter, we do expect that expenses will continue to be well controlled through the remainder of the year. The conversion of Wilmington Trust systems is complete, and realizing the remaining merger synergies will serve to offset the continued pressure from new regulatory mandates. As we mentioned, we do not expect any additional merger-related expenses. Credit continues to strengthen. We expect continued improvement in the non-accrual and criticized loan ratios, with charge-offs remaining stable. Of course, all of these projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events and other macroeconomic factors, which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. I appreciate your patience. We'll now open up the call to questions, before which, Paula will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question from comes the line of Todd Hagerman of Sterne Agee.
Todd L. Hagerman: A couple of questions, René, just in terms of the Wilmington Trust acquisition. First, you mentioned a couple of things on the trust revenue benefit this quarter. Could you give us a better sense just with some of the components, as I think about the legacy Wilmington, the private client business and in particular, like their corporate services business, how that may have contributive for some of the strength in the quarter?
René F. Jones: Yes. I think that, for the most part, most of the businesses held up very, very well on a linked-quarter basis, and as I talked about, the largest portion of the increase then came from some tax services that we provide, tax-related services that we provide to our customers, and that tends to be seasonal fees. We also had a bit of a lift because as you bring together the 2 entities, particular things like the funds, as you merge the funds, you begin to get synergies on net revenues. So net of fees, you're paying to service providers. So those things helped. If you look into the business, we saw a little bit of an uptick in the retirement services space. We saw that the capital markets group was a little weaker, continued weakness is probably what I would say because there hasn't been much issuance. Having said that, I guess as I think about corporate America and I think about what's out there, there's a lot of pent-up demand for refinancings, and so I think down the road, that probably bodes pretty well for us. But that was slightly weaker than maybe where it typically would run given the capital markets. And then also, we're seeing a little bit of a slowdown in where the agent brought in on syndicated loans because, obviously, credit is working out better. So we have the engagements we have, but in terms of new business, I mean, that's slowing, which is probably a good sign for the rest of the business. But overall, we're on track. We're sort of above where we expected to be and that's nice, and I think things are going pretty well there.
Todd L. Hagerman: Okay, that's helpful. And then perhaps, if you could just give us a sense now with the integration complete and particularly, as I think about like the wealth management business and trust overall, could you give us just kind of the mix now, how that may have changed or how that, again, just generally breaks down as I think about private client, traditional trust, that sort of thing?
René F. Jones: I guess at some point -- I'll break that up for you. I don't have it with me right now. In part because we don't really think about it in exactly that same way, right? So at some point, if we break out CCS, which is the largest portion of the revenues from wealth, when I think about the wealth, right, again, I think about what's going to happen on the wealth side as an addition to the existing customer base. Much of that growth is going to be coming from M&T's preexisting clients, right? So as we offer them services whether they be cash management, wealth transfer or helping them exit their business, we kind of think of them in that way. So in part, I tend to look at some of that as how we're doing on our commercial bank side, right, and how is that working with our private bank. So we don't really break it out separately that way. But things are pretty stable. I'd say that if you think that a year has passed, I think our marks are probably good for keeping the portfolio relatively stable, but we still have a lot of work to do in order to go out there and penetrate the M&T customer base.
Todd L. Hagerman: Yes. The only reason I asked is just to get it from a modeling standpoint with some of the seasonality in some of the businesses, just to get a better sense of the mix and how to think about it.
René F. Jones: Yes. At some point, I guess, we'll lay that out maybe in our Q or not, but I haven't done that yet, so...
Todd L. Hagerman: Okay. And then just quickly on the mortgage and the benefit this quarter, could -- was there any uptick at all in terms of the reps and warranties, some of what we're hearing from some of the other companies this quarter in terms...
René F. Jones: in terms of repurchase request?
Todd L. Hagerman: In terms of the number of requests, yes.
René F. Jones: Yes. So the number of requests was relatively stable. If you remember, we had talked throughout last year and that we were somewhere around 25 to 35 requests. Last quarter, this quarter maybe we were somewhere around 36, 37 requests sort of at the higher end of that. But they still remain in check. Having said that, we're also concerned about the same sort of things that you saw, which is sort of changing behavior. We do our best, in fact, to be surprised, to reach out to the other parties to make sure we understand their pipelines, the things that are coming to us. But even with that, I would say, when you look at our Q, you'll see that we continued to set aside amounts either for make whole prices on loans, repurchase requests or reserves for future ones. So we're very cautiously looking at that stuff, and just because no one's called us, doesn't mean that we take the position that they won't.
Todd L. Hagerman: Right. Can you disclose where that reserve position ended at the quarter?
René F. Jones: What we do is we keep disclosing how much we've charged in the quarter. I think, this quarter that was $10 million. Last quarter, it was $4 million. A year ago, it was about $10 million.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler of Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: Just looking at the commercial real estate growth, which is really the opposite of what some of your peers are seeing. Can you talk about which geographies and industries are supplying this and maybe why your growth is stronger than peers?
René F. Jones: In commercial real estate?
Craig Siegenthaler: Yes.,right.
René F. Jones: Yes. I can talk a little bit about it. I mean, I think the growth is also kind of split between Philly, New York, Hudson Valley at about annualized growth of 5%. All of our Pennsylvania market saw about 2% annualized growth. And then in Baltimore, Washington, which includes Delaware, which is important, we're seeing about 4% growth. I mentioned this is important because you got to remember we've got he acquired portfolios underneath that are probably still running off, right? So one of the things that you saw in the addition of our move of stuff from non-accretable to accretable yield is simply the fact that in Delaware, we have higher prepayment fees than we probably initially thought. So that kind of gives you a sense that at least in the quarter that it's not really concentrated in one area. I would guess maybe part of the issue is that we probably still have less run-off in real estate because our book is pretty good, pretty clean.
Craig Siegenthaler: Got it. And then when you think about pricing, terms, LTVs, can you talk about how they trended over the last 6 months here and especially on LTVs. I know it's tough because it's a wide range, maybe several [ph] average -- the average LTVs have been trending?
René F. Jones: Average LTVs have been trending. Well, we -- let me start by saying, we haven't seen a significant pressure. First of all, last quarter, I said that there wasn't much change in terms of pricing pressure over the last 6 months. This quarter, that continued and quite frankly, even though we had higher volume, our pricing and our ROEs held up very nicely. So I thought that was very impressive. As you know, we track every deal we do both in terms of margin but also in terms of a full P&L. What it tells me is that a lot of the business we're getting is not just loan business but it's probably the operating business as well, which is the only way that you can really get in this environment pretty strong internal ROEs on the business. So if that helps, my sense is that we're doing a nice job of capturing full relationships. The LTVs, I don't think have changed. And I would guess, if you think of our total book, it sits in the 60s in terms of loan to value on commercial real estate. That hasn't changed at all.
Craig Siegenthaler: And how about terms, are terms extending at all in terms of duration?
René F. Jones: We -- how do I say this? We could have increased volume by moving in that direction, but we chose not to do that. So not for us.
Craig Siegenthaler: Got it. But the industry has?
René F. Jones: You -- I don't know if it's a change, but there's a pocket of business out there that you can get if you wanted to change your standards. It doesn't make any sense for us to change our standards. So I don't know if that's a change, but when I look overall, I didn't see a big change this quarter from talking to everybody in terms of competitive pricing and competitive structure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Klock of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Brian Klock: René, I was just wondering, I guess, with the NIM guidance that you give of, again, still sticking to the modestly lower than the 3.73 in 2011. Obviously, the second quarter included the $14-million impact from the accelerated accretable yield. Now are you expecting -- maybe you can just remind me what you just said earlier about. You expect that same level of accelerated accretable yield to be in the numbers, so therefore, in your guidance for the margin for the second half of the year.
René F. Jones: Yes. So let me think about it this way. So the way I would think about it is we said $14 million was in this quarter. I don't expect that to change significantly next quarter or the quarter after because that's real cash, right? And what you should know is that as you think about it over time, the number will come down because the loan book prepays, right? So you won't keep at that pace. But as I sort of look out just a last couple of quarters, we feel pretty confident that those cash projections will continue for that period of time, and then we'll have to give you better estimates as we move out.
Brian Klock: Okay. Just to make sure I understand it then, so in the first quarter 10-Q, you said you had about $81 million of accretable yield that went through NII, right? So total on all the acquired portfolios?
René F. Jones: Okay.
Brian Klock: So that mean, there was $95 million in the second quarter if we use that $14 million of the increased cash flow impact?
René F. Jones: I think it was more -- I mean, I'm going to -- it might change to something more like $90 million, somewhere in that range, but you're pretty close.
Brian Klock: Okay. And then last question on the NIM guidance, thinking about opportunities in the second half of the year to maybe refinance some higher costs, CDs and then you've also got quite a bit of high-cost capital trust preferreds out there. So do you think about -- you have the $3-billion shelf you filed earlier in the second quarter. Is there a possibility of looking at trying to use that shelf to refinance some of those high-cost capital trust preferred as well?
René F. Jones: Well, I mean, the shelf is there because you got to have a shelf. In particular, we actually have to have a shelf technically because we have the TARP. So you got to have that. We did, for example, finance -- I should say, pay off about a $400 million borrowing of sub debt that was past disqualification, so it ran out of capital treatments so we prepaid it. And we have the opportunity to do things like that from some time so we did that, I think, beginning, I think it was July 1. So you have benefits from that. And then, ultimately, I think you've got it on the hybrids and all that. There's a lot room there, but I can't figure out the timing, all right, because it all has to go in sequence with whatever we end up doing with TARP and all the hybrids and the whole thing together. So I'm just not quite sure on timing, but as I look into the future, I have some benefit. That is not counted in my fact or those hybrids and those things are not counted when I think -- when I say I think our margin should be relatively stable for the second half of the year from where we are today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pancari of Evercore Partners.
John G. Pancari: Can you give us a little more color on the loan growth that you saw in the quarter, for example, how much of that consumer real estate growth was actual retention of the one for family originations? And then separately just a little more color on the commercial growth that you saw.
René F. Jones: Yes, so I'll have someone check that. I don't think our -- I think almost all of that growth was the -- was what we held for the portfolio as opposed to increases in the pipeline. But I can get that for you. And then, really, again, if you think about it, I mean, if I look overall, on the C&I side, we had really strong growth in Upstate New York, 18% compounded -- annualized growth, but it's kind of across the board, New York, Philadelphia, Tarrytown -- or Hudson Valley, we saw the same. Pennsylvania, we saw growth. We saw a slight decline in C&I in Baltimore, Washington, Delaware. I think part of that is the prepay on Delaware, but it's also we had the payout of a large non-performer that would have been in the Baltimore area, so those -- the declines are coming from a positive thing. And then I talked about commercial real estate. There is nothing concentrated about it. It's not in one segment. It's not just in auto. When you kind of listen to everybody across the regions, it comes from a multiple different types of businesses. I don't think it's a big change. It's actually up slightly from where we've been running. But I think year-over-year, we probably have very similar growth. So for example, we had almost 10% annualized growth in C&I, but on a year-over-year basis, we had 10% growth in C&I. So I think things are holding steady, but they're going pretty well.
John G. Pancari: Okay, all right. And then secondly, how much was your unamortized premium on the balance sheet as of the end of the quarter?
René F. Jones: Unamortized premium.
John G. Pancari: Yes. In your MBS portfolio, sorry.
René F. Jones: I don't think -- I think I understand what you're saying. I don't think that concept applies. So let me say this, that if you were -- give me a second. Let me -- if you look at our loan yield, most of our loans prior to this quarter, our acquired loans were recorded at a premium as opposed to a discount. And just said another way, we had acquired loan yields were lower than our legacy coupon. So after making the change, it's changed slightly. So give me a second. I think what I'd say is that you saw that our loan yields were 4.42 for the quarter. I would say we're about 40 basis points or so higher than that. Oh, I'm sorry, are you asking about our MBS?
John G. Pancari: Yes, actually, I indicate on the MBS portfolio. I was interested in getting a gauge for your premium amortization expense.
René F. Jones: Most of what we do or putting on the books is 101.3, right? So there's not a lot of prepayment risks in the sense that if it prepays, we end up just replacing them at very similar yields. I kind of didn't quite get what you were asking. The other thing to think about when you stay with that topic is that as you think about what's happening out there, we don't have some of the same risks as everybody else when you move to our securities book, which is MBS, because last year, we sold a couple of billion dollars of our securities book, and we sold most of the higher-yielding securities, right? So we have less concern about seeing high prepays that we couldn't replace.
John G. Pancari: Okay, that's helpful. And then lastly, can you just give a little bit of color on the impact of the new Basel III NPR on your Tier 1 common ratio? What -- how much of a basis point impact that would bring about?
René F. Jones: I got to tell you, we were looking at it -- we're looking at what all you guys are calculating. I think at some point beginning in next year, we'll probably have to publish it and put it on our Q as to what we think the impact is. But we really haven't finalized what our calculations are. I think at the end of the day, we'd rather be more certain than to do a speculative number there, but with the new NPR, we're beginning to do that. And I think by the beginning of or end of this year, beginning of next year, we'll be publishing something. Whatever we publish though, I think, will -- doesn't really reflect the fact that of anything that we'd be able to do to mitigate the impact, right? So whether it'd be MSRs, whether it be the deferred tax position that we have or the types of loans that we have on our books, I mean, there's -- or securities, there's probably a lot that we can over time to mitigate whatever the impact will be. But we'll -- in about 6 months, we'll be disclosing that -- those numbers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin: So just coming back to the margin outlook, I think we're all clear now that the step-up from the accretion benefit, that kind of run rates. But what I want to try to understand is over time, obviously, that benefit will decline. Can you help us understand from the current run rate of all things acquired loans of this $90 million or so, what the pace of runoff would be over the next couple of years? Is it fairly ratable? Or is there a really long duration of these assets that will kind of keep it in somewhat extended out? Any color just on the kind of role and the duration would be helpful.
René F. Jones: Yes. Let me give you a couple of things. So I'll try to make it as simple as possible, but I'll start with a caveat, which is we have to look at these things every quarter, and we look at all the cash flows. So barring any changes, generally, we talked about where we thought it would be for the next couple of quarters. It's a rough rule of thumb. I would say that the amount of change that would be in our numbers next year for 4 quarters would be equivalent to what we saw in the 3 quarters this year, give or take a few million dollars. And then it starts to run down further from there.
Kenneth M. Usdin: I'm sorry, René, that the amount of change? Can you just -- that's...
René F. Jones: Well, so we talked about a $14 million change, right? So -- and then we said that, that amount that we're adding is probably fairly similar in the next couple of quarters, right? So you take those 3 quarters and you get an amount. I would guess in the next year, 2013, our fourth quarter amount will be very similar to that amount, right? So it's coming down, but we've got 4 quarters instead of 3. And then from there, it continues and it's paced out, I mean, predicting it out many more years than 2013, I think, just probably doesn't make much sense.
Kenneth M. Usdin: So you're saying that -- so I'm sorry, that's still a little confusing. So you get 3x $14 million and stays, but then next year, you're basically saying that $42 million would be the whole year?
René F. Jones: That's probably -- I mean, I'm not giving you the $42 million, because I -- I mean, these are rough numbers, but generally yes, you've got the right concept, right?
Kenneth M. Usdin: Okay. So it starts to drip down, and then it's fair to look at it as if that kind of drips down sort of by that proportion as we go forward?
René F. Jones: Yes, as loans pay off. So why I'm so cautious is the prepayments fees pick up the changes, right? If they slow down, it changes, and -- but that's generally what we have modeled to date as we sit here today.
Kenneth M. Usdin: Right. Okay. So it's not an incremental positive. It stays at this level for the next few quarters and then has a gradual roll over the next few years presuming that the book is prepaying as you kind of expect it. If in fact, it prepays faster, you can always redo the cash flows like you did this quarter?
René F. Jones: Yes, exactly, and it's because -- you got it exactly, Ken. And the reason that, that's the case is because we're talking about cash, right? So as those loans prepay, then the next question as we through analysis is did it pay on loans -- did we get paid on loans that we thought were impaired, is a good thing. Obviously, we get paid on loans that we thought were clean, right? So there's a lot of moving parts that come into it, but you've got the concept for it.
Kenneth M. Usdin: Okay. And then my second question is if we just -- I heard your comments again about being able to hold up loan yields versus -- or the decline in loan yields would kind of track the ongoing decline and funding costs, again, for the next couple of quarters. I guess the question is how competitive is it on the loan side and then also how much room do you think you can continue to reduce deposit costs, again, in the out year in the next year couple -- next year or so.
René F. Jones: You know we tried to be very diligent in saying that we've got a couple of basis points of compression almost every quarter, right? So I think that there that exists in my sense is, is that as we ran out on the liability side of repricing, which we know we're getting pretty close, so beyond the 2 quarters, I think that's the number that I would throw out there that we're going to see a couple of basis points of slowly [ph] margin compression. You've heard the earlier question Brian Klock raised is -- well then the question is can you refinance anything else in terms of hybrids and those types of things. We haven't thought about that. It's too far away to think of it.
Kenneth M. Usdin: So when I bring it all together, we'll have a natural decline in accretable, in the accretion benefit over time, and then there's this -- and unfortunately, with the rate environment, there'll just be a little bit of a drip on the core as well?
René F. Jones: Yes, I think that's right. And the thing I keep in mind as you think about revisiting acquired loans, I mean, I was about to say earlier when I was on the wrong topic that if you look at our loan yield today 4.42, I think, they were, we're about 30, 40 basis points higher now on the acquired book. But I think the biggest book is Wilmington, and on the Wilmington-acquired loans, I think our yield is roughly 4.44. So again, we don't have a lot of replacement risk there, right, which is a real positive thing. And quite frankly, if there's any change in the rate environment, right, we probably can replace those at higher margins, higher yield end margin, right? For where you take in the funding cost side. So with no change, I think, you've described the state of affairs, which is basically no change in the rate environment, no change in anything, but we're always trying to position ourselves to make sure that we're okay in all rate environments, right?
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Alexopoulos of JPMorgan.
Steven A. Alexopoulos: Maybe I'll start -- is the C&I loan growth the sign that the loan pie increased in the second quarter? Or is the market share gains particularly given a relatively large transaction in your backyard?
René F. Jones: The latter is true. We picked up a few more clients, but I think we've got -- the activity we see is a lot from our existing clients. I think the Upstate New York is a whole different thing, and that's where a lot of the growth came from. But in other markets, I'd say it's just a little more quiet out there. So again, it's not a big change. I mean, it feels a little stronger this quarter, but I would guess if you took away the Western New York parts of things that it wouldn't be. Don is pointing out to me that the usage in outstanding is up a little bit as well, right? So it seems like outside of Western New York is coming from more usage.
Steven A. Alexopoulos: Okay. So despite even the macro backdrop, you're not seeing any signs yet of corporate borrowers getting more cautious?
René F. Jones: They're still cautious as far as I'm concerned. Cash balances are really high, and they just haven't changed, right?
Donald J. MacLeod: Yes, the reflection of caution yield, the deposit inflows, I think probably are a reflection of that.
Steven A. Alexopoulos: Got you. And maybe, René, where are we on the cost saves now with Wilmington? I know we have talked about $90 million to $100 million. Can you give us a sense what percentage is now in the run rate?
René F. Jones: I'm going to guess and all -- everybody in the room is going to get queasy. I think it's around 16%. I think, we'll be around 20%. And I think you'll see in the second half, I can't -- really I think -- I think we'll see some benefit next quarter, but I'm sure we'll see benefit in the next 2 quarters from the conversions and things that we've done and actions we've taken and then maybe a little bit after that. But if I were to guess, I'd say, we're at 16% now, and by the end of the year, we'll be maybe not quite at 20% but pretty getting close or 18%, something like that. But turned out pretty well.
Steven A. Alexopoulos: Got you. That's helpful. And I just want to clarify, in your comments about retaining mortgages, did you say you plan to still retain in the second half but to a lower degree and then go back to selling fixed rate production in 2013?
René F. Jones: Yes. So what we did is we, starting in the month of June, maybe even in the second half of the month, we decided to discontinue retaining a number of the 30-year programs. So we might have -- in the second quarter, I think the number's probably like -- about 63% of our production in the second quarter that we put on the books was above 20-year. And now we're on pace for that number of 30-year to be -- to go below 50. 20 -- 20 plus to go below 50 because we're discontinuing programs. I think we'll continue to do that. So the longer stuff will slow down by the time we get to near the end of the year, beginning of next year. I -- my guess is that what we'll be doing is using more 15-year-type paper and maybe 20-year paper to sort of replace runoff, right? But we had -- we started the program, I don't know, a year ago or so. It's -- we've had more volume than we thought we would get, right? And as I said all along, we only have so much appetite there. We really don't want to totally change the profile of our book, and we really only did this in part because we weren't taking on investment securities. So that's what I think will taper it off a little bit as we go, moving -- focusing on duration first and then volume.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erika Penala of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Leanne Erika Penala: I just wanted to ask Steve's expense question another way. So I feel like because mortgage banking revenues are so strong. There are some distortion in terms of the dollar number. I guess, could you give us a sense of what you expect the efficiency ratio on your mortgage banking unit to run for the rest of the year? And separately, your expectation for the efficiency ratio for the rest of the Bank x mortgage banking?
René F. Jones: First of all, it's a great question. I don't know that I can answer the question because I would say whatever the efficiency ratio is of our book , which -- do we have it in the segment? I don't know if we have it in the segment either. It's just abnormally high today, right, because we've got a lot of volume coming on high margins, and you don't have the ability to ramp up your production enough, so it's abnormally high. So I think if you remove that or put it this way, what's happened really is we've got a nice benefit from mortgage banking, which will be somewhat short term. I don't know how long. But in the interim, we're going to have to really continue to focus on the expense side because of the core bank hasn't seen the full improvement yet that we need -- we probably need to see to sort of sustain a low to mid-50s efficiency ratio when the mortgage banking kind of subsides. But as you think about the Wilmington side, we're in pretty good position because we've got more expense savings that it will kind of flow in and the work is done. And the other thing, Erika, that I'd tell you is that in our expense space today is a fair amount of expense. I don't know how to characterize it. I don't want to say it's nonrecurring, but it's expenses related to gearing up for the new regulatory environment, whether it be consultants on -- that we use on capital policy or whether it be other expenses that we're using to sort of build out our new compliance structure and so forth, that over time, we'll settle down a bit. So even though you can kind of see when you look year-over-year -- and I think next quarter, you'll see year-over-year -- when you look, you'll be able to see the impact of Wilmington Trust. I think that there's still probably some room to at least to be able to sort of contain expense growth because our regulatory costs are high. One of the areas that's very high these days is professional services, right? And I think that's primarily because of all of the change that we're going through.
Leanne Erika Penala: Got it. And just one last question. I know you've been asked the accretable question many ways in this call and I appreciate the color that you gave Ken. I'm just wondering did what happen in the quarter -- was that a reclassification from non-accretable to accretable, so the credit experience over the lifetime is better and that's why it's not a clipped [ph] vest? And if so, I guess clearly, the prepayment levels are going to be a big swing factor in terms of how much it drops off, but potentially if credit expectations continue to be better relative to the mark, you could just be refilling that accretable tank so to speak.
René F. Jones: I think everything you said the way you said it was true. So let me go back through. So first of all, yes, it was. After looking at the cash flows, we reclassified -- and this will be in our Q -- about $140 million from non-accretable, i.e. cash flows that were owed to us that we didn't expect to collect, we now expect to collect and were moved to accretable yields, right? And then -- and that comes from 3 factors. One, we worked out some deals in a more favorable way than we thought. The environment seems a little bit better but also because prepays are faster. Those aren't -- usually, those are pretty consistent in a sense, right? And so I think the last part is you never know. It depends on what happens to the economic environment, and if we see the current trends continue or continue to be more favorable than we've projected from now, yes, we could have more. And I think the way to think about it, again, is I point to the yields. I think, we've been doing that since we did the Provident acquisition, That's the way to look at this. That yield on the Wilmington Trust is almost spot on our -- what we're originating loans at today, basically, our legacy loans book. So that tells you that unlike most acquisitions you've seen in the past, those yields have been at a -- the loans have been booked at a significant discount. In our case, to the extent that we continue to see improved results even beyond what we see today, yes, there could be more, but it's hard to tell, right? The other thing I would point out is that to the extent that we look at any particular loan in our book and it goes the other way where the cash flows are worse, then we take that charge immediately into the provision. And we've done that over time. We had some of that this quarter as well, right? So it kind of goes both ways. But the accounting forces you to be conservative on the positive side.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Burnell of Wells Fargo Securities.
Matthew H. Burnell: René, a couple of quick ones I guess. How long -- you mentioned some benefit from the disruption in the Western New York market. I guess I'm curious as to how long you think that, that might provide an upside benefit to your loan growth. Is it a one quarter issue? Is it a 4 quarter issue? Is it -- how should we think about that?
René F. Jones: I -- one, I really don't know. I only could assume that what's really happening is people are trying to settle in to the change that's happened in the marketplace, and that change is not just driven by the HSBC sale. It's driven by the physical conversions. You know that recently the names on the branches on -- another set of branches changed to KeyBank. And then if you go further to other places in Upstate New York, that's continuing to happen. So the best I could say is just through this year is people kind of settle in and try to figure out where they want to keep their lasting banking relationship.
Matthew H. Burnell: Okay. And then a question on the provision. Given that you saw a 10% quarter-over-quarter decline in the NPA balances, it certainly sounds from the -- from your earlier comments that you're expecting credit quality to continue to get a little bit better, how should we think about the potential for reducing reserves over the next 2 to 3 quarters? Isn't that just driven by lower losses,  lower delinquencies? Or is there something else that you're adding to your analysis that makes you a bit more cautious?
René F. Jones: I think the first thing to look at is our -- the allowance to loans is coming down, right? So you see it there. So the inputs to the allowance are, yes, there's improving credit. I think in part that's somewhat offset by the loan -- what we need to add for the loan growth, so if loan growth subsided, that would be -- you might see something there. And the other piece is that as we look at the acquired loan book, while we have $140 million of cash flows that as Erica said, we moved from non-accretable to accretable, from time to time, we'll see credits that go the other way, right? That we'll have to add to the provision immediately. So those are the components. But if you look at it last year, this time, our allowance to loans was 155, we're down to 146, so it's a fairly -- I consider that a meaningful decline.
Matthew H. Burnell: And just one final quick question. You mentioned HARP 2.0 was a bit of a benefit to the mortgage business this quarter. What amount of your total originations this quarter were related to HARP 2.0?
René F. Jones: Yes. Let me look for that number. I don't know the number. 57, and just to make sure, I think, I believe that number. so it -- well, let me give you the numbers. I mean, that's probably easier. So we originated new locks, which were a total of $1.7 billion, okay? Only $864 million went to Treasury, okay? So take those out. So if you think about the gain on sale, you just take the $1.7 billion. Take out the $864 million, and you're left with the total. $492 million of that was HARP, and I think that gets you to a 57% of what we're selling, okay? We sell all the HARP.
Matthew H. Burnell: Right. But in terms of total -- but in terms of HARP relative to the total originations, it would be the roughly $500 million divided by the roughly $1.7 billion, correct?
René F. Jones: Yes, correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from Collyn Gilbert of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Collyn Bement Gilbert: Just to -- want to follow up on that reserve question. So you've indicated obviously that's a fairly meaningful drop to date. But I guess I'm looking at it maybe a little bit differently. And I heard you on the moving parts in terms of the non-accretable component and swings in that. But I guess if I look at it -- I mean, at the peak of the crisis, you guys saw losses. I mean, your losses peaked at 1%, so in my mind, it seems as if your reserve could go quite a bit lower especially given where we are in the overall cycle, economic cycle than where you stand now. I mean or are you suggesting that kind of keeping in this 145 level is where you're going to be?
René F. Jones: You always ask great questions. So first of all, I would characterize it differently. In a single year, we had 1% losses, right? And our job is to look at the losses inherent in our book that we can identify over time. And then to some extent, there's a portion that we might not be able to identify, right? So you can't use the 1-year loss estimate against the -- that process. I don't know, I guess if we continue to see the loan growth -- and I think there's going to be downward pressure on the allowance to loan levels. As we've seen, I don't see anything that's going to change it. I feel pretty good about the integrity of our process because the way I look at it, Collyn, is that the depth of the crisis, we had coverage of about 1.2% or something like -- actually, 1.5% of our charge-offs, 1.5x I should say, right? And so the idea that after the depths of a crisis, you're sitting there with a year's worth or a 1.5 years' worth of coverage, tells us that we did a pretty good job in our allowance methodology of identifying the risks that were inherent in the portfolio. I don't know how to think about it any different but...
Collyn Bement Gilbert: Okay, okay. And then just on the resi Mortgage strategy, so when we think about kind of the funding of the growth at least for the back half of this year, is that going to come out of kind of your cash balances or your interest-bearing deposit balances? And then how should we think about the relationship between -- if we're not going to see growth in resi mortgages next year, does that mean we see -- start to see some growth on the MBS side? Or how are you thinking about it in totality?
René F. Jones: Yes. Well, I think the way I look at it is -- first of all, straight answer, I think, we've been funding everything with deposits because deposit balances have been very high. As we look forward, I think that the underlying loan growth is not bad, right? I mean, look at the stats we gave you today. And then I think really we kind of hit our -- we're getting close to what we think is a natural limit on the amount of resi mortgages we have on hold. So I'm not sure that even if rates stay low, that we'll be able to sort of go -- jump in and start buying securities again. We'll have to look at that. I think to date, it's been a nice substitute, but I think we're just very cautious. We don't tend to put a lot of long duration on. I don't know, we're kind of nearing about $10 billion. We're getting closer to $10 billion in the resi books. And I just think the best way to think about it is we probably, for at least for now, maybe hitting our tolerance level. I don't know how to -- I think that's the best I could tell you.
Collyn Bement Gilbert: No, that's helpful. That's helpful. Okay. And then just 2 quick items. The -- did you say or do you have the number what the seasonal tax items were in that trust line?
René F. Jones: Oh, no, but it was about $3 million.
Collyn Bement Gilbert: Okay, okay. And then the $14 million in accretable yield that you saw, how did that break up between C&I and CRE?
René F. Jones: I think it's mostly CRE and because a lot of it's coming from Wilmington and actually Provident, right? I don't know the exact number but most of it is CRE.
Collyn Bement Gilbert: Okay. And then the final question, did you say on the temporary trust deposits, was that - what was the dollar amount of those 2 that kind of inflowed in the quarter?
René F. Jones: Absolute dollar amount was really high. The average was about just under $1 billion. But at one point, I think we peaked at like $4 billion during the quarter. Right. So you just got the -- but they were there for 30 days or something like that or so.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Ramsey of FBR.
Bob Ramsey: You just mentioned that you guys are getting close to the natural limit on the amount of resi mortgages you want on your balance sheet. How do you think about that limit? I mean, is there a percent of assets, a percent of earning assets? Kind of what factors into that decision? And then what is the yield at the margin on mortgage production today versus MBS that you might purchase?
René F. Jones: Yield on the margin -- well, I think I'll get that number for you, but somewhere in here, something like 380 was what we put on. Just give me a second. Let me find that. We put on -- well, I have to ask someone to find it for you, but I think it's somewhere in the high 3s in terms of -- yes, I'm looking at 360, somewhere around there. It's not too much change from where we were last quarter, so that's that. And then just give me the first part of your question again.
Bob Ramsey: Well, in that 360, I guess, is on originated loans, how does that compare to mortgage-backed securities that you would be buying in the market?
René F. Jones: We're not buying them. I don't know. We're not buying them, so they would -- I would guess, they'd be 50 basis points lower, but that's a guess. And to your other question on how we think about the natural limits, I mean, we look at a lot of things. We look at our asset sensitivity. We look at our duration and our exposure to any one class. We also think that about the profitability of those loans over long periods of time. And I don't know how to say it but I'd say that we're not reached any internal technical limit but we sort of [indiscernible] appetite today before putting it on pause, because remember for 20 or 30 years, we never retained mortgages, right? So we've moved the  position of debt. I think we're going to probably sit on it after a while and sort of see how it feels and watch the risk metrics and then go from there.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. And in the mortgage-backed securities portfolio, what is the CPR that you all are seeing on the portfolio you have today?
René F. Jones: I don't know if someone has it, but I think we've -- it's been creeping up a bit. But the last quarter, maybe it was around 10%, not very high. And I think it might be in the low teens, maybe 12%, somewhere in that range. It's even at an annualized basis.
Bob Ramsey: Yes, that's slow [ph]. That's good.
René F. Jones: The new -- just so you know, the new 30-year MBS yields would be 250.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. And then in the mortgage backed, what were the gain on sale margins this quarter? And do you think, looking at it next quarter, they'll be more or less stable? And sort of how does the pipeline today look versus last quarter? Obviously, as you said, you'll all be selling more of whatever production there is.
René F. Jones: Yes, the gain on sale margins were relatively stable. We -- they move a little bit depending on the percentage that you have of HARP and the -- so in a sense, the actual number was higher because more of what we are actually selling is HARP, right? I don't know if I have the exact number. In total, the gain on sale, new losses, around 3%, right? And so that's definitely elevated because of HARP. I think, typically, we'd be lower 2s, maybe 2% if we were just talking about normal production.
Bob Ramsey: And then HARP presumably is going to still be a big piece next quarter as well, so would you expect it to be comparable?
René F. Jones: Sure. I think it continues for the rest of this year. I mean, our pipeline was strong. So when I look at like applications, I don't see a big change in that mix. And then I look and say to myself -- I'll give you a couple of numbers. We had application volume -- this is sort of the front end of the process. It was up 23%, linked quarter. And then we track another thing which we call our mortgage pipeline, which is apps minus things that are denied, withdrawn or closed loans, so it's the purest sort of indicator of what's going on into next quarter, and that was up 26%. So there is really no pace, a slowing of pace, right, as we kind of go from second to third in my mind.
Bob Ramsey: So it sounds like volumes should be stronger, the percent that you sell should be stronger and the margin should be stable. Is that fair?
René F. Jones: I mean, my guess it's a lot of moving parts in that business, but yes, I mean, I don't see a lot of things changing.
Bob Ramsey: Great. Last question for you, the FDIC assessment expense was down pretty meaningfully this quarter. Any thoughts there? Is this quarter a good run rate? Or what drove the improvement?
René F. Jones: It can be -- let me just say, asset mix and then we continue to try to think about ways in which we can change our behavior to make sure that we're optimizing that, and so our goal will be to focus on that number over time, whether it'd be on sort of looking at the amount of construction lending we've done or looking at how we -- making sure we're properly classifying loans and a whole host of other things. We look at it pretty closely. Again, I say it every time. We're the 90th percentile. That's not a good thing for us, so we're going to focus on that line.
Operator: Your final question comes from Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Gerard S. Cassidy: Question for you is in terms of the improvement in credit quality that you've seen and what you expect to hopefully see in the next 6 to 12 months, is there any particular asset class that's improving better than expected or faster than expected? And geographically, are there any parts of the footprint that are performing better?
René F. Jones: Yes, I mean, we saw improvements -- most of the improvement I would say is in the commercial real estate space. So a slight improvement in C&I, but one of the things you're seeing, Gerard, is that I think it has a lot to do with the low rate environment. I think it's also very much akin to what we talked about on the acquired book, which is that we're finding that we're able to either restructure or work out transactions more favorably than we might have thought. And part of that is because other lenders or the markets are actually willing to sort of step in at the prices that we've got, sort of the non-performing loans on our books at this point. And so we're seeing a lot of these things work out. I'm not sure if there's a real change in the inherent risk as much as there's a change in the market and appetite for actually taking on these assets that now have been written down at pretty heavy discounts, right, which on the flip side with the low rate environment, one of the places you can go to find yields is on these projects that were stalled and failed in the past that have been written down. So a lot of it is in the commercial real estate space. Also, prepayments being higher, when you look at our net interest income, when you look at the prepayments being higher, it's very consistent with that same theme.
Gerard S. Cassidy: And speaking of credit quality, can you give us an update on the Bayview impairment? Where is it now? And how is it looking at this point?
René F. Jones: I think a basis on our balance sheet in Bayview is about 104, somewhere around 104, I guess. And then there's been no change. We don't -- we're not -- we don't have any great concern. I think that the Bayview Asset Management seems to be doing fairly well in this environment. And it's an environment where they have access to servicing portfolios, maybe without some of the burdens that some of the banks have. And they also have the ability to purchase assets and higher yields than you're getting out here in the low rate environment. So they seem to be doing very well and fine, no real change to anything there.
Gerard S. Cassidy: Okay. Final question on the funding side of the balance sheet, you may have touched on this and I apologize. In your CD book that you have, how does that reprice over the next 12 months? I think there's about $5.5 billion in that CD book that I think you just pointed out. It's about 90 basis points. That's what it's costing you. How does that reprice going forward over the next 12 to 18 months?
René F. Jones: I look at the yields as I looked at them some time ago, but they seem to be down a couple of basis points in a very consistent flip [ph] every quarter. Let me just take a quick look at that again but...
Gerard S. Cassidy: There's no high rate -- so as you're looking for it, there's no real high rate falling down near that 3% or something that might reprice in the third [ph] quarter or anything?
René F. Jones: No. No, there's not -- oh, go ahead, Don.
Donald J. MacLeod: There are still some brokered CDs on the books from Wilmington, and there wasn't a lot of runoff this quarter, but there'll be a little more in the next 2 quarters.
Gerard S. Cassidy: Don, were they fairly -- are they priced fairly highly compared to the rest of the book?
Donald J. MacLeod: Yes, but not outrageous.
René F. Jones: Think about it this way, Gerard. You say Provident, right?
Gerard S. Cassidy: Wilmington.
René F. Jones: Wilmington, Provident, so you mark those, right? So a year ago for one, I think some of them are Provident, so that's 3 years ago. So you can look maybe to the Provident to see there's something. But as someone just pointed out to me, I mean most of -- the majority of our time deposits are within inside a year, so I think you're going to continue to see the same sort of steady trend that you've seen over the last several quarters.
Gerard S. Cassidy: And one final question on this, on the funding cost, what environment -- considering that the Fed has pointed -- has stressed that this rate environment's going to stay this way through the end of '14 with the low end of the -- the short end of the curve close to 0 or at 0, and the long end of the curve currently is about 1.49%. Deposits for you and your peers are coming in quite strongly. What kind of environment do you need to see where the deposit costs actually go down to 5 or 10 basis points considering money market mutual funds today are paying one and 2 basis points? Do you guys -- can you envision an environment where the deposit costs for now accounts and savings accounts can fall to 2 or 3 basis points?
René F. Jones: Never say never, but I hadn't really thought about it. I mean, even so, think about it this way. It doesn't give us that much boost. I think on now accounts we're at 7 basis points. In savings, we're at 18 basis points at the end of quarter. So I guess my answer is it seems like we're almost there now.
Operator: This concludes the Q&A session for today's call. I would now like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Don MacLeod for any closing remarks.
Donald J. MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, if clarification of any items on the call or the news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations Department at area code (716) 842-5138.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes your call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-16 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the First Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Don MacLeod, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Donald J. MacLeod: Thank you, Paula, and good morning, everyone. This is Don MacLeod. I’d like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it, along with the financial tables and schedules, from our website, www.mtb.com and by clicking on the Investor Relations link. Also, before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements related to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on Forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now I'd like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, René Jones.
René F. Jones: Thank you, Don. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today to discuss the first quarter results. Let me begin by reviewing the highlights, after which Don and I will take your questions. Turning to the specific numbers. Diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $1.50 in the first quarter of 2012 compared with $1.04 earned in the fourth quarter of 2011. Net interest income for the recent quarter was $206 million, up from $148 million in the linked quarter. Other than our normal seasonal uptick in compensation expense, there was very little in the way of unusual items in our first quarter results. However, there were a number of items from prior periods that I'd like to remind you of which impact the comparison to the linked quarter and the year ago quarter. Last year's fourth quarter included a write-down of our investment in Bayview Lending Group, settlement of a lawsuit and the contribution to The M&T Charitable Foundation, which reduced earnings for the quarter by a net $33 million after tax or $0.26 per common share. Also, in last year's first quarter, we recorded $39 million of securities gains as a result of the repositioning of our securities portfolio in advance of last May's completion of the Wilmington Trust acquisition. Those gains amounted to $24 million after tax or $0.20 per common share. Excluding those gains, diluted earnings per share increased by 8% year-over-year. Since 1998, M&T has consistently provided supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis from which we exclude after-tax -- the after-tax effect of amortization of intangible assets as well as expenses and gains associated with mergers and acquisitions. Included in GAAP earnings for the first quarter of 2012 were merger-related expenses related to the Wilmington Trust acquisition amounting to $2 million after tax or $0.01 per common share. This compares with $10 million after tax or $0.08 per common share in the prior quarter. After-tax expense from the amortization of intangible assets was $10 million or $0.08 per common share in the recent quarter, unchanged from the fourth quarter. M&T's net operating income for the quarter, which excludes those items, was $218 million, up from $168 million in the linked quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $1.59 for the recent quarter compared with $1.20 in the linked quarter. Net operating income expressed as an annualized rate of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders' equity was 1.18% and 16.79% for the recent quarter, improved from 0.89% and 12.36% in the fourth quarter of 2011. In accordance with the SEC guidelines, this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results, including intangible assets and equity. Next, I'd like to cover a few highlights from the balance sheet and the income statement. Taxable-equivalent net interest income was $627 million for the first quarter of 2012, up an annualized 2% from the linked quarter. Net interest margin expanded during the first quarter, averaging 3.69%, up 9 basis points from 3.60% in the fourth quarter. All of the increase can be attributable -- excuse me, all of the entries can be attributed to a sizable change in the mix of average earning assets. The net interest-bearing -- the interest-bearing deposits at the Federal Reserve Bank, which had been in place for most of the third and fourth quarters, declined by $1.7 billion on a linked quarter basis and was largely offset by $1.4 billion of linked quarter increase in average loans. Aside from the benefit of replacing the cash at the Fed with loan growth, there was approximately 3 to 4 basis points of margin compression as a result of new loans coming on the books at lower yields than those maturing -- than those of maturing loans. This pressure was offset by lower funding costs and a one-basis-point benefit from one less day in the first quarter. In other words, we still believe that we are positioned for slight downward pressure on loan yields with some modest offset on the funding side. As for the balance sheet, average loan growth for the first quarter was strong, increasing by approximately $1.4 billion or an annualized 10% to $60.5 billion. On that same basis, compared with 2011's fourth quarter, changes in average loans category -- loans by category were as follows. Commercial & industrial loans grew by an annualized 9%. Commercial real estate loans grew by an annualized 8%. Residential real estate loans were up by $806 million or an annualized 43%, reflecting our continued policy of retaining the bulk of our nonconforming mortgage loan originations to hold on our balance sheet. Consumer loans declined an annualized 6%, driven by lower indirect auto loans and modestly lower home equity loans and lines of credit. On an end-of-period basis, loans grew an annualized 6% compared with the linked quarter. Average investment securities declined by an annualized 7%. Our appetite for purchasing securities was lessened in the first quarter based on the low yields available combined with our ongoing residential mortgage loan retention program. Average core customer deposits, which exclude foreign deposits and CDs over $250,000, were down an annualized 3%. The decline reflects the impact from trust deposits which had -- which we had temporarily held on our balance sheet during the fourth quarter in a fiduciary capacity before paying the funds to the ultimate beneficiaries. We experienced core deposit growth in all of our community banking regions. On an annualized basis, average core deposits grew in our Upstate New York area by 11%, while our Metro area, which includes New York City, Philadelphia and Westchester, which we sometimes call Tarrytown, grew by 4%. Pennsylvania also grew by 4%, followed by the Mid-Atlantic with 2% growth. The outsized growth in Upstate New York was aided by our ability to acquire new customers as a result of the disruption coming from the -- from HSBC's exit of the upstate market. On an end-of-period basis, core deposits increased an annualized 11%, reflecting, in part, seasonal inflows of municipal deposits. Turning to noninterest income. Noninterest income totaled $377 million in the first quarter compared with $398 million in the prior quarter. Linked quarter results included $55 million from the settlement of the lawsuit that I previously noted. Other-than-temporary impairment charges related to our investment securities portfolio amounted to $11 million in the recent quarter compared with $25 million in the linked quarter. Excluding those charges from both periods as well as the legal settlement, noninterest income was $388 million for the recent quarter, up an annualized 22% in comparison to the -- with the $368 million in last year's fourth quarter. Mortgage banking revenues rose to $56 million in the recent quarter compared with $41 million in the prior quarter. The increase is attributable to the combination of higher loan volumes, wider gain on sale margins and a lower repurchased cost. We estimate that our mortgage banking revenues could have been some $21 million higher had we elected to sell the mortgage loans we originated to hold on our balance sheet in the quarter. That comparable figure was $11 million in last year's fourth quarter. Fee income from deposit services provided, which include debit card interchange, were $109 million during the quarter compared with $104 million in the linked quarter. Turning to expenses. Operating expenses, which exclude merger-related expenses and the amortization of intangible assets, were $620 million for the first quarter. This compares to $706 million in the fourth quarter, which included the BLG write-down and the contribution to The M&T Charitable Foundation. Excluding those 2 items, operating expenses for last year's fourth quarter were $597 million. And this quarter's seasonal increase in salaries and benefits that I mentioned earlier amounted to approximately $26 million for the recent quarter and included the items which typically -- which we typically note, such as the accelerated recognition of equity compensation expense for certain retirement-eligible employees, higher FICO expense, higher unemployment insurance expense and expenses related to our 401(k) match. As in prior years, we would expect a decline in the second quarter as these items return to normal levels. Including those $26 million of seasonal items, our operating expenses were still just $2 million higher than they were in the third quarter of 2011 which, as you'll recall, was the first full quarter following the merger but before any of the merger integration synergies had been realized. This should give you a good indication that we've made substantial progress in achieving the majority of our target expense savings even though we've yet to realize the benefits from the midyear conversion of our trust and investment systems. The efficiency ratio, which excludes securities gains and losses as well as intangible amortization and merger-related expense -- gains and expenses, was 61.1% for the first quarter compared with 67.4% in the fourth quarter of 2011. Next, let's turn to credit. Overall credit trends continue to show improvement. Nonaccrual loans decreased to 1.75% of total loans at the end of the first quarter, down from 1.83% of total loans at the end of the previous quarter. Other nonperforming assets consisting of assets taken into -- in foreclosure of defaulted loans were $140 million as of March 31, down from $157 million as of the end of 2011. Net charge-offs for the first quarter were $48 million, down from $74 million in the fourth quarter of 2011. Recall that in the fourth quarter, we charged off approximately $19 million on a single residential development project in Northern Virginia. There is still the potential for some lumpiness in charge-offs from time to time as loans that otherwise are specifically reserved for may ultimately result in charge-offs. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were 32 basis points, down from 50 basis points in the linked quarter. Provision for Credit Losses was $49 million for the first quarter compared with $74 million in the linked quarter. The provision very slightly exceeded the net charge-offs, and as a result, the allowance for credit losses increased to $909 million as of the end of the first quarter. The ratio of allowance to credit -- for credit losses to total loans was 1.49% compared with 1.51% at the end of the linked quarter. The loan loss allowance as of March 31, 2012, was 4.7x net charge-offs for the quarter. We disclose loans past due 90 days but still accruing separately on a nonaccrual -- on nonaccrual loans, because they are deemed to be well secured in the process and in the process of collection, which is to say there's very low risk of principal loss. Loans 90 days past due, excluding acquired loans that had been marked to fair value at acquisition, were $273 million at the end of the quarter. Of these loans, $253 million or 93% are guaranteed by government-related entities. Loans 90 days past due were $288 million at the end of 2011, of which 88% were guaranteed by government-related entities. M&T's estimated Tier 1 common capital ratio was 7.04% at the end of March, up from 6.86% at the end of December. This reflects higher capital from retained earnings, partially offset by the larger end-of-quarter balance sheet. Lastly, as most of you know, we don't offer much in the way of earnings guidance, but we'll share our thoughts on our general outlook. Our balance sheet continues to be positioned for slight downward pressure on the net interest margin as a result of new loans and securities coming onto the balance sheet at lower yields than those maturing. This should be muted by a lower cost of deposits combined with lower cost on borrowings. As we noted in -- on the January earnings conference call, we expect the full year net interest margin for 2012 to be modestly lower than the 7.37% reported for the full year of 2011. And when combined with mid-single-digit loan growth, we anticipate continued growth in net interest income throughout 2012. The possibility of large, temporary cost deposits coming onto the balance sheet for a period of days or weeks, as was the case in last year's fourth quarter, is more likely than in the past, driven by our large corporate client service business and its success in generating new business. I'd stress that while these deposits can dilute the state of net interest margin while they're on our balance sheet, there is no reduction of net interest income, and in fact, it's a very slight positive due to net interest income while we have them on our balance sheet. We remain very focused on expenses, both on the day-to-day cost of operating the business as well as on achieving the remainder of our cost-saving opportunities arising from the Wilmington Trust integration. We continue to expect the remainder of those opportunities to be realized over the next 3 quarters with the majority of the impact occurring in the second half of the year following our planned second quarter trust systems conversion, and we continue to expect up to $10 million of merger-related cost in 2012. This figure includes the cost incurred in the recent quarter. I believe our caution with respect to credit may have been misunderstood by some to mean that we are concerned about the potential for an uptick of problem loans in our own portfolio. I want to stress that, in fact, our caution comes in part from our conservative DNA combined with external factors, such as the continued historically high level of unemployment, the eurozone crisis, the U.S. fiscal deficit and the possibility of another fight over the current federal borrowing cap. Unfortunately, none of those issues are under our control, and that said, we continue to see steady improvement in the level of criticized and nonaccrual loans supporting our strong credit performance. Over time, we optimistically expect those trends will continue. Of course, all of these projections are subject to a number of uncertainties, various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events and other macroeconomic factors which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. And now, we'll open up the call to questions, before which Paula will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Marty Mosby of Guggenheim.
Marty Mosby: The deployment of liquidity was one of the big impacts on the balance sheet this quarter. You deployed about -- looks like $1.5 billion of those deposits into the Fed, moving them into the loan growth. So a lot of that's dictated by the mortgage banking and how much you've been able to see. With the increase in mortgage banking fee income as well as the opportunity probably to touch more mortgages and also the kind of increase in deposits that kind of rekindled the period and number back in the Fed balances, it looks like you got about another $1 billion left that you could redeploy going into this quarter. What's your thoughts about utilizing that?
René F. Jones: Well, I mean, I think we -- obviously, we had a big end of fourth quarter loan growth, which carried over to this -- to the first quarter. But I think if I take it in parts, we definitely have -- we've not seen an abatement of growth in deposits, so that trend has continued longer than I guess I would have thought if I was sitting here a year ago. So that bodes pretty well. I noted in Upstate New York that we've got great deposit trends. There's a bit of disruption going on here from all the different conversions and so forth. So I think that's good. And then if you flip over to the other side, I think we had 5% end-of-period growth in C&I loans, right? So while not as robust as in the fourth quarter end of period, we're still seeing growth, and obviously, we've got a fair amount of residential mortgages that we've been putting on each quarter. So I think -- I would guess that we'll be able to utilize the core deposit growth that we see. Having said that, I think, as we mentioned, the -- our commercial client services business is such that we could get even larger swings of cash balances which, in some cases, I think might go unutilized as I kind of think out in the future, whether it be from our loan agency business or from assisting people with securitizations and those types of things, that the capital markets start to pick up.
Marty Mosby: But with additional kind of origination production going on, do you feel like you want to use the extra $1 billion with the stronger positive growth that you're already seeing? It's like you reloaded as you went to the first quarter, and you got a chance to go out and deploy another slug of mortgages in there that could really help balance the balance sheet as well as be able to generate some offset to that compression that you were talking about in net interest margin.
René F. Jones: I mean, I think -- I guess I haven't thought about it that way. I continue to think and we continue to think that because we're light when you combine discretionary assets, which we would call mortgages and securities, we're just doing the tradeoff, right? So if you look on the other side, I don't have the amount, but we had a runoff on our securities book, right, as well, so that's kind of a substitute for the mortgage growth, and my sense is that trade-off will continue. I think that was down almost -- the investment securities were down almost $0.5 billion.
Marty Mosby: The last thing I was going to ask you, as the trustees increased a nice 3%, which is the first increase we've seen since the merger with Wilmington Trust, how much of that was market valuation lift versus -- when we were out there talking to management, you're all real excited about being able to see some of those customers, Wilmington Trust, come back on board and be able to see -- be able to cross-sell into that product as well. So how much is market related versus tactical or strategic traction that you're getting?
René F. Jones: Thanks, Marty. Good questions. Yes. So I mean, if you look -- and let me sort of tee that back up. I would say that as I kind of -- now look, we have 3 quarters. We went from the third to the fourth, and our trust fees, Wilmington combined with M&T, were flat. And when you look at a lot of trust businesses out in hindsight, a lot of people were down. So we were actually pretty pleased with our results in the fourth quarter. And then we saw a nice growth into the first quarter, which was driven primarily by 2 things: our capital markets and agency business as well as an uptick in the retirement services. Retirement services, obviously, is a result of the S&P 500 being up 12%. So there, we saw fees grow maybe 4%, 5%, right? Because we don't have 100% equities there. We're a little less sensitive to equities, but we still have improvement. And then as we look at the various capital markets business, if you think of our default administration business, as you know, we've got -- we've been able to get a number of sort of headline appointments there. We're the trustee on GM, Eastman Kodak, American Airlines. We added MF Global. And those things combined and the work associated with those things have actually allowed us to sort of hold our ground there and in fact, actually get a little bit of an increase. So what I'm always impressed about is that I thought we had a pretty aggressive outlook on what we might be able to do in the first quarter for trust, and we're able to do that. What I'm most impressed about is sort of as we learn about it, the diversity of the Wilmington Trust business is a nice thing. There's always sort of something going on. There's a win in one place when you don't see it in another. So that's the best answer I have for you, but I -- we were pretty pleased with trust.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler of Crédit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: We had several questions on the composition of consumer real estate originations, which I'm guessing there's almost all conforming resi mortgages. But what is the average maturity, yield and duration on these originations?
René F. Jones: I'll give you some sense if you give me about 2 seconds here. So we've got -- if you look at what we did in the quarter, so I'd say about half of what we did are agency-related securities. And of that, about half of those, 50% of those are 15-year. Another 10% to 12% are 20-year, and then the remainder, maybe 30%, 40% of it would be 30 years. And then we're more on the 30-year side with the FHA production that we did, which was a sizable portion also of the total amount that we did, maybe 40% of what we did. And then we've got some smaller products, which are more in the 15, but it sort of weighted themselves down towards the 15- to 20-year. So I would guess it's probably like half  15-year, half 30 at this point and with the idea that we're graduating more towards 15-year as we put things on to deal with the duration issue.
Craig Siegenthaler: And then, René, specially related to 30-year duration or the 30-year maturity paper, what are your thoughts on duration extension risk to the balance sheet given what could happen when government stimulus and then rates eventually go up?
René F. Jones: I think that we're not concerned about it in the sense that if we were to keep putting mortgages on for a longer period of time, I guess we'd get to a point where we think we had too much duration risk. We're already relatively low, and again, we're light in that space, right? So think of it as when you think of the replacement of the securities book, which a lot of are MBS, right, and you look at the tradeoff, our duration is growing a bit, but it's still in the wheelhouse of where it's been in the past. So nothing concerning just yet.
Craig Siegenthaler: Okay. Not even on the change on where that could go when rates go up? Because obviously, it would extend that.
René F. Jones: Oh, yes. I mean, we would be -- no, that's what we're considering when we're putting it on, right? So we're thinking about extension risk and all of those types of things as we model it out. Right now, we're still comfortable with the mortgages. Although I do say that we do have more of an appetite for 15 years as we progress, because with the refi boom, we're probably ahead of where we thought we would be.
Operator: Next question comes from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin: A couple of quick things. So number one, just to ask the question, obviously, the CCAR came and went, and I think you guys made the comment that you had not put in for anything related to the eventual TARP payback and that you would just have to I guess resubmit that at that time. I was wondering if you could just kind of walk through then just how you have to think through that at whatever point it is in the future when you get to that point. Do you have to just -- do you have to wait till annual review? Or can you resubmit an interim if you had a thought process around becoming in a more immediate timeframe?
René F. Jones: Well, I think what we said was that to the extent that we wanted to repay the TARP, we would have to resubmit, and I guess this process is to resubmit. But at this point in time, I don't really have any more information on our thinking. We've stated it a lot in the past, but I do think -- if you don't mind, I would like to just sort of kind of walk back through the points again, because I think it kind of matters. We've heard a lot of stories out there about our TARP. So you'll recall that we were kind of reluctant to participate in the program. And so we -- as a result, we were one of the -- we were the only one and the largest bank to take just 1% of $600 million. And the thought process back then was that we didn't want it. We didn't think we need it, but at the height of the crisis, there was a lot of pressure on banks to prove that they were strong enough to receive it. So what we essentially did is we took the minimum to show that we were strong enough to qualify but not -- but also strong enough not really to need it. And so then, as you kind of move along, we ended up with acquiring some troubled franchises, Provident and Wilmington, and we took on more than $180 million more. We paid back $700 million. So now we've paid back more than we originally took. And so I think -- and our plan is to just keep dialoguing with the treasury and others and -- over time, and we'll pay back the remaining balance when we find that that's practical or appropriate, and we're committed to paying it in full. I think the other thing is, is that if you kind of look at the second piece of that, if you look at where the warrants are trading since -- whether they be ours or those other institutions, there's a very sizable gain that's embedded in the warrant. So our picture, we'll get rid of it as soon as we can. I don't have any more information for you today, but our -- but that's our goal. And as we work with the treasury, we'll hopefully get to a point where we can give the money back.
Kenneth M. Usdin: Great. And the other 2 piece of this is that -- is are you at the point at least where -- now where you can help us give a -- get a better understanding of what your Basel III would look like if you had to present it today?
René F. Jones: We talked about that. I'm not -- I think we're just going to wait. Most of the banks that have done it, as you know, are speculating based on what the Basel III original rules are coming out of Europe. And our opinion is we'll just wait and see what happens when the final rules come out, and we'll publish something then.
Kenneth M. Usdin: Okay. My second question, René, is just, obviously, the mortgage strength across the board was very clear this quarter, both in terms of the amount you were able to put on the books and then your comments. Just seeing the mortgage banking fee strength and plus the fact you could have gotten if you had sold, I was wondering if you can kind of give us some -- a little bit deeper color in terms of just what was origination versus what was gain on sale on the fee side. And can you walk us also again through the -- your time lag in terms of apps that haven't closed or you gotten paid on yet?
René F. Jones: Yes. I can try to do it in a simpler fashion. Maybe I'll just give you a couple of numbers, if you give me a minute. I mean, when you look at our -- so I'll start with application volume. We had total application volume of $2.4 billion, which was up 31% from the linked quarter, right? So huge, huge volume increase in total. And then if you kind of look at the components of that, most of it was from refi activity. About 12% of that volume was from the HARP program, right? So as you get back a couple of quarters, that didn't exist. So that kind of explains almost 1/3 of the increase is the way I would think about that, and I would guess that that'll continue for some time. On those -- we're selling all those, but we are keeping the servicing on some portion of those loans. And then as you look, I think we locked about $900 million for future sale to our treasury division. And in the fourth quarter, that might have been about $800 million, and you actually saw the $800 million flow into the balance sheet this quarter, right? So you should see some strong effect. It depends on where rates are with the regular -- the total volume coming next quarter, but in any case, we seem to -- we'll have some nice carryover into the second quarter on our balance sheet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Alexopoulos of JPMorgan.
Steven A. Alexopoulos: Maybe I'll start, last quarter, you pointed to more cost saves than the original $80 million. I think you said $90 million to $100 million. Just wondering where do you think that's looking now. And what was actually in the run rate as of the first quarter?
René F. Jones: If I were to guess where we are, we're probably getting pretty close already to about the -- to the 15% number. We're knocking on that door of cost saves and which suggests that we're sort of on track to be a little bit over, because again, we haven't completed our trust and investment systems conversions, right? So I think that's what we're saying. We kind of feel like a lot of the uncertainty there or the work is done, but obviously, as we go further, I think we're going to probably outperform that original number will be my guess.
Steven A. Alexopoulos: Okay. And, René, once the cost saves are realized, how should we think about the growth of core expenses with Wilmington in the mix? Maybe historically, around 4% per year. Is that higher now with Wilmington?
René F. Jones: It's interesting. When you look at the expenses, if you just take a detailed look at the expenses, it's pretty amazing. You can't discount -- and maybe even suggest go back and read again Bob Wilmers' message. The amount of expense that's been added because of the regulatory side, and not just the obvious ones but sort of all the added staff that you need for credit and compliance and those things, is pretty high. And I think I was looking at -- I don't have it exactly in front of me, but I think it's on the runs. We were probably -- FDIC insurance was probably up 52%, 53% from a year ago quarter. So all that said, to the extent that a lot of that is not going to continue at that pace, I think now, we're sort of settling in, trying to think in the new environment how do we operate things. And so our focus is going to be on sort of containing that growth as much as we can. Where you might see some growth would be on investment in things like technology, because as you look at your distribution network, which is -- which needs to be rationalized not just for us but everybody, you can only do that when you have pretty good technology that sort of offsets it in some consistency there. So -- but I think expenses will be pretty well managed. I think about the spread. I definitely think that we'll have an abnormal spread between the revenue growth and expense growth relative to the past couple of years.
Steven A. Alexopoulos: And on the margin, just to follow it up -- follow up on your comments for slight pressure, would you consider restructuring some of the long-term debt, the way at least one other bank has, to take pressure off the margin?
René F. Jones: No, because it's not economic, really. So I mean, this restructuring that we did against Wilmington Trust, I -- at least, it's the only one that I ever remember in the 20 years I've been here, and I would guess you could probably go back 30 and say the same. So I doubt it, because there's no economics in that whatsoever. We still have some -- which is one of the things you see in the margin, which is kind of subtle, but we still have some wholesale funding or longer-term wholesale funding from Provident and those transactions that will run off over the course of this year that will give us a little bit of relief.
Steven A. Alexopoulos: Great. And maybe just to follow up on Ken's question on TARP. I know you were very clear with your answer. Just curious, could we see an update on this this year? Or is it most likely with next year's stress test and capital plan that we'd next see an update on that?
René F. Jones: I can't tell you. When I know, I'll tell you.
Operator: Next question comes from Erika Penala from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Conor Fitzgerald: This is Conor Fitzgerald for Erika. Just correct me if I'm wrong, but I think I heard you mention that auto loans were down. Was that a deliberate decision on your part, to pullback? Or did the overall pie shrink this quarter?
René F. Jones: Yes. Auto loans were down. It's not any different than it's been trending. I think we said the total consumer loans were down about 4%. Auto loans were down I think about 3% unannualized, I would guess. Yes. So that portfolio has been running off, because quite frankly, as we said, we try to maintain a return at least at our cost of capital of 12% -- maybe 12%, 14% is where we've been running, and we've seen a lot of competitive pressure there. I recount one of our folks was out recounting a story where he went out and looked at some of the transactions going on. In one case, you had a 2009 sports car. The purchase price was $100,000. The loan-to-value was $98,000, and the credit score was 702. The yield for the customer was 1.34%. So with that kind of activity, we can't get anywhere near that. It doesn't make much sense to us. But in fact, it seems like it's a pretty good environment for the consumer, right, because money very, very cheap. So in our mind, we'll continue to generate $80 million to $100 million of that paper a month unless something changes in the competitive front, and that means that we're going to see slight downward trends in our balances there.
Conor Fitzgerald: Got it. And then just on credit quality, how are you guys thinking about kind of normalized charge-offs as we move through the cycle and your reserve level?
René F. Jones: A couple of -- I mean, I -- and this is a guess. I mean, if I think back over a long period of time, I would guess we've built a company that the average charge-off rate over long periods is probably 30 to 40 basis points, right? And that swings low, and we still have high nonperformers, so I would expect that as that tapers off, you'll -- over long periods, you could get some good credit performance. The other thing I would direct you to is that if you look, again, over long periods of time, our movement in charge-offs mirrors the industry. So while we've always been much lower on a relative basis, the sort of tracking of it is almost in lockstep, because we're in the same asset classes everybody. It's just that we try to get more security on loans. So I don't know if that helps you at all.
Operator: Next question comes from Ken Zerbe of Morgan Stanley.
Ken A. Zerbe: Just to be clear -- hopefully, you have this number. The $21 million that you guys cited, if you had sold the resi mortgages, you would had $21 million of additional banking income. Presumably, that also means that you wouldn't have had the growth in resi that you did, which obviously provides -- or it grows your earnings assets, grows net interest income. Do you happen to have like a net number? Because it seems wrong to kind of just add in the $21 million, because you're already getting income from the loans that you kept.
René F. Jones: Oh, yes. Yes. We probably should have done a better job of that. So think about it this way, Ken, is -- so when you -- the way the accounting works is when you're selling it, originating the loan for sale, at the time of the lock, you record the gain. So the loan hasn't been closed yet. So all the gain on sale revenue you see in the first quarter was from loans we locked but have not yet closed. The $21 million is related to those $900 million of loans we talked about, right, which have not yet closed. So they're not in our numbers at all. They'll -- they won't be in our balance sheet till about 45 days after the lock period, so that means on average in the second quarter. Is that clear?
Ken A. Zerbe: Yes -- no, that does help. That's great.
René F. Jones: And the other thing we did is -- that's we gave you the $11 million last quarter. So if you kind of use last quarter's, that's what boosted the -- that's what -- it was those loans that boosted the first quarter balance sheet.
Ken A. Zerbe: Okay. And then just another quick question. In terms of how -- what percentage, I guess, of your portfolio are you comfortable with resi mortgage being? How large can that grow?
René F. Jones: We're way below the industry average. I don't know, a couple of points as a percentage of assets. We're not looking to do anything dramatic. I would guess when we're done, we'll be below the industry average.
Ken A. Zerbe: Okay, but you're comfortable going up close to the industry average. Okay.
René F. Jones: Let me say that again.
Ken A. Zerbe: I guess for you guys. That's what I was asking, you're tolerance for resi.
René F. Jones: Yes. No, no, no. Let me say that again. Again, it's an offset for security, so it depends on where we are with our investment securities portfolio. So right now, we're really low. I forget the numbers, but we're probably half of what the industry average is for investment securities. So you kind of have to look at both of them together.
Operator: Next question comes from Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Adam Chaim: This is actually Adam Chaim calling for Matt O'Connor. I just have 2 quick questions for you. Sorry if you've discussed this already, but was there any impact from MPAs [ph] -- on MPAs and reserves from the new regulatory guidance on second lien home equity? I think 2/3 of your home equity was second lien at year end. And the second is regarding salaries and benefits expense. Even excluding the seasonal increase, the $26 million you noted in your prepared remarks, we -- it still came in a bit higher than we expected. How much of that expense is generally driven by mortgage compensation?
René F. Jones: I think -- well, let me go in reverse order. I think very little of it is really driven by mortgage compensation. If you think about it, because when you book the loans, you have to defer a portion of the expenses, it actually -- it works the other way. It dampens the salaries a little bit when you have high mortgage volume, because you're deferring. But having said that, the -- our business is growing as well. So for example, the size of our servicing portfolio is a little larger as well and a few things like that. We've added people in the servicing area, so that's kind of what you're seeing there. And I think the other thing that we'll continue to do from time to time is, particularly with the Wilmington business, we'll start adding teams of people where we think the revenue growth actually can help us out. So I would say that probably the biggest thing that you're seeing there that you can't quite see is probably a larger servicing portfolio and some more staffing there. And then if I go back to your other question on the second liens, we did some work. And basically, what we think is that classifying our second lien loans as nonaccrual when the first loan is not paying would really have very little impact on our financial results. So what we do is -- and we disclose some of this in our 10-K, actually, you'll -- in our most recently published 10-K. We've got about 35% of our home equity portfolio that's actually a first lien, that are actually first lien loans, and then there's another 55% where we're behind -- which are behind first lien loans that are not owned by us or serviced by us. And what's really true about those loans is that we can't precisely sort of determine where -- whether there's a delinquency on the first loan. So what we do is we have a process in determining our overall adequacy of the allowance, but we start by looking a bit at our history. And then we test that history and adjust it if it's appropriate by looking at several factors, including some of our near-term forecast. In that, what we're looking at, sort of by geographical region, we're looking at changes in our collateral values. And we sort of -- as we do that, because we don't know what's happened to the first mortgage because we're not servicing it, essentially, what we do when we do those scenarios is we assume the original balance. We assume that the first loan is not paid down at all and that the original balance is still outstanding, and then we use that to sort of run our estimate. As we kind of run through the whole process, we feel pretty comfortable that we've kind of appropriately quantified the loss content in our portfolio, our home equity portfolio. And as you know, that portfolio has sort of a really nice performance over time. I think we were somewhere between 58 and 69 basis points of loss over the last 3 years, so I think we're in pretty good shape there.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pancari of Evercore Partners.
John G. Pancari: Can you talk about that trust deposit seasonality? Can you help size it up in terms of how much you expect it could be that it could impact the deposit balance?
René F. Jones: I wish I could. It doesn't really work that way. So for example, recently, we were -- in early in the -- early in this second quarter, we were engaged to be trustee in a large securitization, right? So depending on the size of that securitization, we'll get a way above average -- we'll be holding that cash for that client for a short period of time, but it could be a significant amount of money. Sometimes it gets cut in half. So I mean, it can swing by several billions of dollars depending on the type of transaction that we're engaged in and how many we're engaged in.
John G. Pancari: Okay. All right. And then separately, can you give us a little bit more color on loan pricing through the quarter, particularly on the commercial side? And I know you gave some color around the resi book but just curious, in general, what you're seeing there. But more importantly, just competitive loan pricing, you also mentioned in direct auto. So clearly, we're seeing it there, but I'm curious what you're seeing elsewhere.
René F. Jones: Yes. I mean, let me put it as a backdrop to that, in a number of places, we're seeing very positive things from our customers, whether that be because there's an uptick in the economy or activity or in some cases, just because the competition is down because a lot of their competitors have been sort of weeded out. But as you look at that as a backdrop, we have seen -- I'm going to use better language than one of our regional presidents. He -- I'll change his words. He told me that from a competitive standpoint, facility is back. And what he's talking about is that many of the community banks are pretty aggressive both on price and structure, and I'd say even relative to a year ago. And then when you get to some of the larger institutions, to the extent that they're healthy, because they're carrying -- we believe because they're carrying a fair amount of equity, they've been willing to do things that were probably a little lower than we would have expected. I think it makes sense from the context if you think -- if they think they're sitting there with excess equity, then that's kind of what you get. So it's pretty competitive. But having said that, as we kind of look into like Pennsylvania, for example, our business bankers and our branch managers seem to feel that there's good loan demand there and then not necessarily complaining about prices. And then, again, I would articulate that in Western New York, in Upstate New York, we've been, in terms of customer count on the business banking and loan side as well, we've seen good growth there at fairly reasonable margins. So that's what we know.
John G. Pancari: Okay. That's helpful. And then lastly, can you give us just some color on the fluctuations again in the other revenue line item and as well as in the other expense item? Just give us some color on the moves.
René F. Jones: That's really one topic. I mean, so think about the idea that we had a big, big loan growth really in the fourth quarter leading into the first. What we actually had was probably an outsized amount of commercial loan fees, whether that be regular loan fees or syndication fees, what have you. And then as you went to the first quarter, we probably had an abnormal low amount, right, coming. So I think what will happen is that will sort of get back to a normal pattern. It's hard to really predict syndication-type fees and other credit fees on a quarter-to-quarter basis, so it jumps around a little bit. So I would say fourth was extreme. First is extreme the other way.
John G. Pancari: And that was same thing on the expenses?
René F. Jones: That was on the other revenue. So on the other expenses, oh, yes, yes. You got to normalize for a couple of things, right? So you've got to -- you first got to take  out the day that you right down on the charitable foundation. And once you do that, we were better by about, I don't know, $10 million, $11 million. And really, when you look into what's driving the better performances, it's a lot of seasonality. So you get professional services and those types of things that were higher at the end of the year, and some of that will come back. The first quarter is usually seasonally low than most of the other expenses, right? And then it kind of picks up a little bit going forward.
Operator: Next question comes from Bob Ramsey of FBR.
Thomas Frick: This is Tom Frick for Bob Ramsey. Just one quick question. As expected, your tax rate kind of ticked up looks like 6 points this quarter. Is 33% a good run rate for you going forward? Or how should we think about that?
René F. Jones: Yes, I'm a random walk guy, so my answer is yes, I think so. It was low last quarter because of -- because the income was low, and we had -- typically, you get this fixed tax credit. So I think we're probably at a pretty good place right now.
Operator: Next question comes from Collyn Gilbert of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Collyn Bement Gilbert: Just as we think about the loan growth, you had indicated perhaps single-digit loan growth. A lot of that's obviously being driven by the resi initiative at this point. As that starts to slow and that sort of strategy maybe plays itself out a bit, how do you think about the allocation of capital from there? And how does it change? And is -- maybe tie that into where -- what aspects of your business right now are you kind of most encouraged by?
René F. Jones: Yes, okay. So take the resis out for a minute, we had, obviously, a nice quarter of loan growth, C&I and real estate this quarter. And then on an end-of-period basis, C&I was about 5%. CRE was about 1%. So things continue to grow, right? And over time, I would guess if the economy gets better and you can't continue to see all this liquidity coming into the system, then you're going to see growth. So I'm not too worried about that. The one sort of benefit I think is that there's so much uncertainty still around capital levels. Everybody's sort of guessing at where we're going to be in the future. And so the idea that we are sort of deferring the gains kind of works in our favor, because one, we're growing capital. Capital is growing, but if we were to accelerate that by selling all the loans, then we're not quite sure what our use for that capital would necessarily be, particularly as we get up past the range that we're comfortable on the sort of Tier 1 common ratio. So I mean, I think right now, it's sort of just a wait and see. But I mean, in terms of what we're pleased with, I think we're watching cautiously our pricing but yet, our loan growth and everything I look at quarter-over-quarter -- I mean, quarter-after-quarter is probably a better term, slightly outpaces the industry. I feel that we've been taking share in a lot of places, and that's continued. So we feel good about that. And again, I guess I would have to reiterate that this is a very, very nice quarter from the wealth and trust business. I think we're very pleased with that. So I think we got a lot of positives. The bank is very healthy. In fact, I think the thing that struck me is -- I think it's on Page 14 of our press release, where we do the 5-quarter trend, and you kind of look at the fees. The fees were up across the board with the exception of that other that I mentioned and sort of tied to syndication fees. So I don't know. We feel pretty good about the way the underlying business is performing. We got to figure out how to do it a little bit more efficiency -- efficiently when the -- when all this sort of noise from the new environment settles down, and we can get our arms around it, but that's our task.
Collyn Bement Gilbert: Okay. Okay, that's helpful. And then just finally, how does M&A factor into your strategy over the next 6 to 12 months given what's going on in the environment?
René F. Jones: Well, you don't buy banks. They get sold. So hopefully, someone will call us up from time to time, and if they did, we'd probably be ready. But I think the one practical thing we're doing is -- why we're not really concerned, I mean, if you think about our dividend policy -- so before, obviously, 2007, if you looked at our dividends, our dividend payout ratio was probably between 25%, 27%. We used to keep it very, very low, and then we used share buyback. Now our total payout ratio is somewhere around 40%, and it's actually -- when you think of it in total terms, it's low. So we're accumulating capital. Even beyond sort of the idea of accumulating it for the new regs, the new Tier 1 common rules, there's not really a ton of cost to doing that today, because we think bank stocks are very, very low. I think we did a slide on that. We went back to 2000, and you can see that the pricing is still relatively low on bank stocks. And we think that with the regulatory environment, we'd be surprised that there's not more consolidation. So our strategy is really simple: just keep working on your own bank, and eventually, something will come up that makes sense for both parties and be ready to do it.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler of Crédit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: Just wanted to kind of refine your commentary around kind of deposit trends. So it sounds like there's some positive lumpiness coming in the trust business, and we had some at the end of the first quarter. But also, the second quarter sometimes can be a more difficult seasonal quarter for deposit growth. So what is your expectations in terms of total deposit growth? And also, how do you feel about the loan-to-deposit ratio now that it's 100% versus your longer term kind of objective?
René F. Jones: What we talk about here is, first of all, we have modest growth planned in our deposits for the year, particularly because we're more concerned about what happens when the rate environment turns around. And we've got a really significantly high levels of demand deposits relative to history. So we're kind of cautious on the idea that if things turned around and you do see loan growth, you're probably going to see a runoff in some commercial level deposits as those customers can go out and get better rates or return elsewhere, and they start actually using the cash. So I don't -- I can't tell you what it's going to be. I can just tell you that we're very cautious about it, so we tend not to assume large amounts of growth in the deposit portfolio. We worked really hard to get it, but...
Craig Siegenthaler: Got it. And then just one follow-up. Most equity markets are up around kind of 10%, 11% in the first quarter, and your trust income was only up 3%. And that's also in the back of a strong kind of fourth quarter. I know it's a smaller mix of equities, but is that normal to see your trust income up around 3% when equity markets are up something significantly higher, like 10%?
René F. Jones: Yes, I think it is normal, because even when you look at the assets that we have, and I'll give you the number in a minute, but a -- there's a smaller portion of it is the equity market. And then a lot of the business, particularly in the corporate client service business, is not really tied to the market. It's tied to -- actually, it's not tied to the equity market. It's more tied to the overall capital markets and who is issuing debt and what kind of transactions are going on, right? So if you look at our total assets under management, I think about 36% are equities. And so that kind of makes sense, 12% up, 3%, 4% up in our retirement services and those asset-intensive businesses.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session of today's conference. I would now like to turn the floor back over to Mr. MacLeod for any closing remarks.
Donald J. MacLeod: Again, thank you, all, for participating today. And as always, if clarification of any of the items on the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department at area code (716) 842-5138.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes your conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-17 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jackie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the M&T Bank Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]   Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Don MacLeod, Director of Investor Relations.
Donald J. MacLeod: Thank you, Jackie, and good morning. This is Don MacLeod. I’d like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website, www.mtb.com, and by clicking on the Investor Relations link. Also, before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on Forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now I’d like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, René Jones.
René F. Jones: Thank you, Don, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today to discuss the fourth quarter as well as our full year 2011 results. Let me begin by reviewing the highlights, after which, Don and I will take your questions. Turning to the specific numbers. Diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $1.04 for the fourth quarter of 2011 compared with $1.32 earned in the third quarter of 2011. Net income for the recent quarter was $148 million compared with $183 million in the linked quarter. Earnings for the recent quarter were impacted by 4 items I'd like to highlight. We reported a $79 million pretax other-than-temporary impairment charge on our 20% minority investment in Bayview Lending Group or BLG. This amounts to $49 million on an after-tax basis or $0.39 per common share. This reduces M&T's investment in BLG to an estimated fair value of $115 million. This charge is reflected in other costs of operations in the income statement. In 2008, M&T Bank Corporation filed a lawsuit against Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. and several other parties, seeking damages arising from a 2007 investment in collateralized debt obligations. The lawsuit alleged, among other things, that the quality of the investment was not as represented. This matter has now been fully settled, and as part of that settlement, M&T received $55 million. This equates to a $34 million after-tax benefit or $0.27 per common share. Subsequently, M&T made a $30 million contribution to The M&T Charitable Foundation. As most of you know, we've long articulated the view that healthy communities are the foundation of successful businesses. This belief lies at the heart of M&T's community banking business philosophy. Grants made to not-for-profit agencies by the foundation are focused on improving the quality of life in our communities and increasing economic opportunities where customers and employees -- where our customers and employees live and work. Lastly, we recorded a $25 million other-than-temporary impairment charge on certain securities in our portfolio of non-agency MBS. This equates to $15 million after tax or $0.12 per common share. Taken together, these 4 items reduced both GAAP and net operating income by a net $48 million after tax or $0.38 per common share in the fourth quarter. M&T consistently provides supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis from which we exclude the after-tax effects of amortization of intangible assets as well as expenses and gains associated with mergers and acquisitions. Included in GAAP earnings for the fourth quarter of 2011 were merger-related expenses of $16 million related to the Wilmington Trust acquisition, amounting to $10 million after tax or $0.08 per common share. This compares with $16 million after-tax or $0.13 per common share in the prior quarter. After-tax expense from the amortization of intangible assets was also $10 million or $0.08 per common share in the recent quarter compared with $11 million or $0.08 per common share in the third quarter. M&T's net operating income for the quarter, which excludes those items, was $168 million compared with $210 million in the linked quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $1.20 in the recent quarter compared with $1.53 in the linked quarter. In accordance with the SEC's guidelines, this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results, including tangible assets and equity. Next, I'd like to cover a few highlights from the balance sheet and the income statement. Taxable-equivalent net interest income was $625 million for the fourth quarter of 2011, up slightly from $623 million in the linked quarter. The net interest margin contracted during the fourth quarter, averaging 3.60%, down 8 basis points from 3.68% in the third quarter. Some 4 basis points of its decline can be attributed to lower prepayment penalties and lower interest on nonperforming loans. The remaining 4 basis points amount to what I’d characterize as core margin compression as $1.5 billion of average loans and investment securities came onto the balance sheet at yields lower than the book overall. The lower yields were partially offset by lower borrowing costs and a higher proportion of non-interest-bearing deposits. In both the third and fourth quarters, we held large balances of excess liquidity at the Fed: $1.85 billion in the fourth quarter and $1.7 billion in the third quarter with very modest yields. In both quarters, this excess liquidity diluted the net interest margin by some 9 basis points. The deposits that were the source of that excess liquidity, primarily trust related, have now been drawn -- have now been withdrawn or used to fund late fourth quarter loan growth. Funds held at the Fed as of December 31 were just $155 million. I'll discuss our outlook for the margin balances and net interest income in a few moments. As for the balance sheet, average loans for the quarter increased by approximately $900 million or an annualized 6% to $59.1 billion from $58.2 billion in the third quarter. On that same basis, compared with the 2011 third quarter, changes in average loans by category were as follows: Commercial and industrial loans grew by an annualized 10%, loans to auto dealers to finance inventory within that category grew by $217 million, while all other C&I loans increased by $168 million or an annualized 5%. Commercial real estate loans grew at an annualized 2%, residential real estate loans grew at an annualized 27% and consumer loans declined by 3%, driven by lower indirect auto loans and enclosed in home equity loans. On an end-of-period basis, loan growth was somewhat stronger. Total loans at the end of 2011 increased by some $1.7 billion or 12% annualized from September 30. Put another way, we entered 2012 with loans already more than $1 billion higher than 2011's fourth quarter average. Average investment securities grew by approximately $600 million to $7.6 billion. This growth includes purchases over the course of the third quarter which weren't fully reflected in the third quarter average as well as additional purchases during the fourth quarter. Average core customer deposits, which exclude foreign deposits and CDs over 250,000, increased in the fourth quarter by approximately $2.2 billion or an annualized 15% from the third quarter. To summarize, core organic growth in both loans and deposits was robust during the recent quarter. Turning to non-interest income. Including securities gains and losses, the $55 million benefit received from the CDO settlement I mentioned, non-interest -- excuse me. Excluding the securities gains and losses and the $55 million benefit received from the CDO settlement I mentioned, non-interest income was $368 million for the recent quarter compared with $378 million in the linked quarter. The $10 million decline was attributable to the implementation of the so-called Durbin Amendment, which caps pricing on debit card interchange fees. Those fees declined by about $17 million compared with the third quarter. Service charges on deposit accounts, which include debit card interchange, were $104 million during the recent quarter, down from $122 million in the linked quarter. Mortgage banking fees were $41 million for the quarter, up from $38 million in the linked quarter. The increase is due to higher income from mortgage servicing and from commercial mortgage banking operations. Turning to expenses. Operating expenses, excluding merger-related expenses and the amortization of intangible assets, were $706 million for the fourth quarter. Included in this figure is the $79 million pretax other-than-temporary impairment loss on our equity investment in Bayview Lending Group. Also included in this figure is the $30 million contribution to The M&T Charitable Foundation. Excluding those 2 items, operating expenses were down from the third quarter of 2011. Salaries and benefits were down $13 million to $313 million in the fourth quarter, as compared with the linked quarter. The decline in -- is in large -- the decline is largely due to lower salaries and benefits related to our merger with Wilmington Trust. This reflects the benefits arising from the banking systems consolidation completed in late August but which had not yet materialized in the third quarter. The efficiency ratio, which excludes securities gains and losses as well as intangible amortization and merger-related expenses -- gains and expenses, was 67.4% for the fourth quarter compared with 61.8% in the third quarter of 2011. The aggregate impact of the $79 million impairment charge related to BLG, the $55 million litigation settlement and the $30 million charitable contribution increased the efficiency ratio by 7 -- by some 7 percentage points in the fourth quarter. Next, let's turn to credit. Overall, credit trends continue to show modest improvement. Non-accrual loans decreased to $1.1 billion or 1.83% of total loans at the end of 2011 from $1.11 billion or 1.91% of total loans at the end of the previous quarter. Other nonperforming assets, consisting of assets taken into foreclosure of defaulted loans, were $157 million as of December 31 compared with $150 million as of September 30. Net charge-offs for the quarter were $74 million compared with $57 million in the third quarter of 2011. As we've noted on more than one occasion, at this comparatively low level of charge-offs, a single loan can make the difference between an increase or a decrease in any quarter. In this case, we charged off approximately $19 million on a single residential development project in -- located in Northern Virginia. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were 50 basis points, up from 39 basis points in the linked quarter but very much in line with the full year net charge-off ratio of 47 basis points. The provision for credit losses was $74 million in the fourth quarter compared with $58 million in the linked quarter. The provision matched net charge-offs, and as a result, the allowance for loan losses was $908 million at the end of 2011. The ratio of allowance for credit losses to total loans was 1.51% compared with 1.56% in the linked quarter. The loan loss allowance as of December 31, 2011, was 3.4x net charge-offs for the past year. We disclose loans past due 90 days but still accruing separately from non-accrual loans because they're deemed to be well secured and in the process of collection, which is to say there is a low risk of principal loss. Loans 90 days past due, excluding acquired loans that had been marked to fair value at acquisition, were $288 million at the end of the recent quarter. Of these loans, $253 million or 88% are guaranteed by government-related entities. Those figures were $240 million and $210 million, respectively, at the end of September. M&T's estimated Tier 1 common capital ratio was 6.86% at the end of 2011. At the same time, M&T's tangible common equity ratio was 6.40% at the end of the fourth quarter. This reflects higher retained earnings offset by a slightly larger end-of-quarter balance sheet as well as a higher accumulated loss in other comprehensive income. Last week, we submitted our capital plans to the regulators as required under the terms of the 2012 capital plan review, and as with other participants, we expect to receive comments by the end of the first quarter. Before we turn to our outlook, I'd like to highlight some of what we accomplished in 2011. We consummated the Wilmington Trust merger and took a major step in integrating process in -- the process by completing the conversion of the Wilmington Trust branches and the back office to M&T's core banking system. Simultaneous with the merger, we purchased and retired Wilmington Trust's $330 million of TARP preferred stock from the Treasury Department, as well as retiring an additional $370 million of M&T's own TARP preferred. We were able to take advantage of an open window in the capital markets in the second quarter by issuing a new series of perpetual preferred stock that we viewed as an attractive fixed rate -- attractive at a fixed rate of 6 7/8. This offering served as both a source of financing for the purchase -- a repurchase of the TARP preferred as well as to partially fill the hole created by the coming disallowance of trust-preferred stock as an element of the Tier 1 capital structure starting in 2013. We saw a continued improvement in credit trends, with net charge-offs for the year down 23% to $265 million or 47 basis points of average loans and provisioning for loan losses down 27% to $270 million. And we continue to build our capital ratios, particularly the risk-weighted regulatory ratios. As I noted, the Tier 1 common capital ratio was an estimated 6.86% at the end of 2011, up 35 basis points from 6.51% at the end of 2010, all while absorbing Wilmington Trust without a secondary common equity offering and accommodating loan growth. For the full year 2011, diluted earnings per share were $6.35, an increase of 12% over $5.69 in 2010. Net income for 2011 was $859 million, which represents a 17% increase over the $736 million in 2010. The GAAP basis net income for the full year of 2010 (sic) [2011], expressed as a rate of average assets and average common shareholders' equity, was 1.16% and 9.67%, respectively, improved from 1.08% and 9.3% in 2010. Included in GAAP earnings for 2011 was a net after-tax merger-related gain from the Wilmington Trust acquisition of $13 million or $0.10 per common share, and this compares to $16 million or $0.14 per common share of after-tax merger per common share net -- of after-tax merger-related gain in 2010 related to the K Bank transaction. Also included in these earnings for the past year was after-tax expense from the amortization of intangible assets amounting to $38 million or $0.30 per common share compared with $35 million or $0.29 per share in 2010. Net operating income for 2011, which excludes those items I just mentioned, was $884 million, an increase of 17% from $755 million in 2010. Diluted net operating income per share was $6.55 for 2011, an increase of 12% from $5.84 per common share in 2010. The rate of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders' equity was 1.26% and 17.96%, respectively, for 2011 compared with 17 -- excuse me, compared with 1.17% and 18.95% in 2010. These high-teen returns are particularly notable. Lastly, as most of you know, we don't offer much in the way of earnings guidance, but we'll share our thoughts on our general outlook. Our balance sheet continues to be positioned for slight downward pressure on the net interest margin as a result of new loans and securities coming on to the balance sheet at lower yields than those maturing. That said, the fourth quarter net interest margin of 3.60% could likely prove to be abnormally low, given the lower levels of cash we currently hold at the Federal Reserve as well as lower levels of prepayment penalties and interest on nonperforming loans we've seen -- that we saw in the recent quarter. Overall, we expect the full year net interest margin for 2012 to be modestly lower than the 3.73% reported for the full year of 2011. When combined with mid single-digit loan growth, we anticipate continued growth in net interest income throughout 2012. We remain very focused on expenses both on the day-to-day costs of operating the business as well as on achieving the remaining cost-savings opportunities arising from the Wilmington Trust integration. Realizing those opportunities should materialize throughout the year with the majority of the impact to occur in the second half following our planned second quarter trust-to-systems conversion. In addition, I'd expect a limited amount of additional merger-related expenses, approximately $10 million, to be incurred over the first half of 2012, combined with the $84 million of merger-related expenses incurred to date and this would keep us below the $100 million we outlined back on September 12. We remain cautious with our outlook for credit. After all, we're bankers. The economy is growing, albeit slowly, but unemployment still remains high and the housing sector is unsettled. We expect continued slow, steady improvement in criticized and non-accrual loans, with credit costs improving over a long-time horizon. Lastly, I'll remind you that M&T's first quarter results have tended to be seasonally low, reflecting fewer days and higher expenses associated with the FICA reset, accelerated recognition of equity compensation expense and the 401(k) match. Of course, all of these projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events and other macroeconomic factors which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. We will now open up the call to questions before which Jackie will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]   Your first question comes from the line of Matthew Clark with KBW.
Matthew T. Clark: As it relates to the seasonal increase in comp you tend to experience in the first quarter, can you give us a sense for whether or not that might be different this time around in terms of the magnitude partly since you – I would assume you still have some cost savings coming to you from Wilmington? I guess asked another way is can you give us a sense for how much in the way of cost saves you got this past quarter?
René F. Jones: Yes, let me answer you 2 ways. I mean, I just tend to -- there's never a lot of big change in sort of what we're doing around comps so my sense is that you’re looking back to what happened in the fourth, the first quarter. The last couple of years is a good gauge. Maybe, on its own, it's a little higher because it's a little bit bigger, right, but not significantly larger. And then as I think about where we are, we're pretty pleased with what we've been able to achieve to date. We talked about the trend down in expenses. You saw sort of what happened to the salary and benefit line. And my sense is, if you kind of move your way out, we're probably halfway through the work to get to the overall expense saves that we have. So said another way, if you were to sort of annualize the benefits you saw from the third to the fourth quarter and then looked at the full year impact on that next year, I'd say that number is probably about 1/2 of what we'll be able to realize then.
Matthew T. Clark: So you got 10 of the 20 in the run rate?
René F. Jones: I think, probably a little more. I mean much of the salary and benefits declined. We talked about the $13 million. It’s I think it’s probably a decent gauge of the impact from Wilmington. It might not have all come in salaries, but generally, that's a pretty good gauge.
Donald J. MacLeod: Just to clarify, that would be the quarterly running rate.
Matthew T. Clark: Correct, okay. Okay, and then on the credit side of things, can you give us a -- it looks like it was, in the 90 days past due, I know a lot of that is government guaranteed, but still, I think, up roughly $40 million or so. Just, anything going on there? And then as a follow-on, just the, how much classified assets improved or maybe have gone the other way?
René F. Jones: Yes, I have to look at the classified assets. I believe that, that trend was positive. Let me get back to you for a second. The 90 day issue is just a purchase of -- the Ginnie Mae repurchases. So remember, we think it makes a lot of economic sense to buy those government-guaranteed loans out of servicing because, at the end of the day, the economics are better if we do that. So that's just, that's all that really is. Give me one second. So we are down slightly again. I mean, I think, if you look at from our queues, the decline that you saw in the last several -- each of the last several quarters, you'll see a similar decline when we publish our Q, so a steady improvement or a reduction in the classified loan balances.
Matthew T. Clark: Okay. And just housekeeping on the tax rate, a little lower this quarter. I'm assuming we bounced back a little bit here...
René F. Jones: Yes, I think that's right. I think that, obviously when you have some of the net lower effect of the items we mentioned, you still have a fixed tax credit so that'll come up. And then we had probably some slight benefit from some small tax settlements we did with the States that went in our favor. But generally speaking, I think what you'll see is it'll come up a little bit when -- as the earnings come up.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marty Mosby with Guggenheim Securities.
Marty Mosby: I wanted to just touch base a little bit on the – all the extraordinary items. Kind of taking $1.04, you obviously take the $0.38 out; that gets you up to about $1.42. And then when you start to adjust out the integration costs that I've, I heard about an $0.08 there, so like $1.50 was, including still the intangible amortization, but kind of $1.50 is kind of, in my mind, kind of an operating number.
René F. Jones: Your math seems good.
Marty Mosby: Okay, and given that, we kind of came into the acquisition of Wilmington Trust with about $1.60 in earnings power. How do you see us kind of recapturing that as we go forward? Is it really still just based into the fact that we're starting to hold more of those mortgages so we get the benefit of that next year, we get the integration costs still coming out? But kind of give us just a feel for how we build back towards the earnings level we were pre the acquisition.
René F. Jones: There are just 2 things that come to mind. I think you're right in the idea that we think it's beneficial to hold mortgages now, so obviously, that benefit will accrue to us in the future. I think -- just by way of example, I think we -- that the fee income that we, that was foregone this past quarter was about 14 -- between $14 million and $15 million, right, so all that comes to you down the road in the form of net interest income. But I think what we can't lose sight of is, what tends to happen is we’ve had a lot of change in regulation. So by way of example, we were just looking at some of our numbers and if we go back to, say, the second quarter of 2010, so 6 quarters ago, and we look at the impact of Durbin overdraft changes, the higher calculation of the FDIC insurance premium, looking at the second quarter of 2010 versus this quarter, that's almost a $40 million difference. So said another way, annualized $160 million, $150 million to $160 million. So what's really been happening is we've sort of been running the bank and you haven't noticed that because our earnings have held up. But we've, through Wilmington and other ways, have been offsetting what has been a really, really heavy regulatory burden. And I think, along with other banks, over time, we're going to have to figure that out. What I do is I focus on the efficiency ratio. And if you look at where our efficiency ratio is, and I think, in large part, because of all the changes, that it's higher than it normally is. And what we'll do is we'll start thinking about how we move that efficiency ratio back to a level that we like and are comfortable with because we think it's a big part of the strength of the bank overall. People talk about capital a lot, but at the end of the day, the strength of your operating earnings and the sort of quality of those earnings are your sort of first line of defense. So I think that's that. It's hard to answer your question any more specifically, Marty, but we're working on it.
Marty Mosby: And just as a curiosity, if you look at the $30 million that you put into the charitable foundation, have you done that in the past? Is this something you typically prefund the next year's expenses? Or in my mind, typically when you have something that's unusual, you can take that and put it into the charitable foundation as a good benefit. But right now, trying to build your capital up, would it not have been more efficient to keep the $30 million and just pay for it as you go because you get the benefit in the capital ratio upfront?
René F. Jones: I think, a couple. I think I'm looking to answer that a couple of different ways. We feel very, very comfortable about our capital generation. And if you kind of look at the quarter and what we did and we supported $1.7 billion of loan growth and had our adjustment to the value of Bayview, and at the end of the day, I think our Tier 1 common moved down one basis point so we're generating capital very quickly. I also think that if you look back at the history, we've just sort of had a history, whenever you sort of see a bit of a windfall like that, like we saw with the Deutsche Bank situation, that we tend to look at our ability to fund the charitable -- make a funding to the charitable foundation and that's what we did. I think, really explicitly in this case, we've talk a lot about how the health of our communities is really important to the health of M&T Bank and I also think, in this case, there's been a link between Wall Street and what's gone on to the health of the communities out there, so we felt very, very -- we thought it was the right thing to do. When we got the $55 million in cash, we turned around and funded the charitable contribution. So I don't know how to describe it any differently. We feel very comfortable about all the items you mentioned, capital generation, our commitment to the communities. I don't think we thought about it as much as maybe -- as you might think.
Marty Mosby: And what percent of your annual community budget is funded out of the charitable foundation?
René F. Jones: I mean, most of what we do, not all, but most of what we do is managed through the foundation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin: René, I was wondering if you'd give us a little bit more color on the NIM comments you made. So with, I understand well your points about the excess liquidity, but just trying to get a little bit of a gauge in terms of, is it then that 9 basis points of excess liquidity that basically you get back, going forward from a magnitude perspective and then the margin kind is positioned to drip from there? I just want to kind of understand the progression and kind of the magnitude of the get-back from that excess liquidity being now utilized in loan growth.
René F. Jones: Yes, I mean we quantify that going from the $1.8 billion that we've been running at to down to $1.55 billion was 9 basis points impact. And I guess the way I look at it is the first point I'd make is that, with Wilmington Trust as part of M&T and the opportunity from time to time to get cash, you're going to see a little bit of noise from time to time in the printed net interest margin percentage. But when I step back, we started with a slight borrowing position before the Wilmington Trust transaction. We inherited on the merger day, I think it was $2.6 billion of cash, and we've been carrying that. And now what you've seen is we've been able to put that to work. It's taken some time, but with the securities growth, the loan growth, right, we've been able to sort of utilize that position now, so I think that's a change. And then just as I look at the trends as to where we're headed, as sort of a guess [ph], I just saw that we were a little low on some of the other cash items versus where we've been in past periods. So as I think about it, I think there's clearly some core margin compression that's embedded in our numbers, and I think that, that would accelerate, if you saw, really continued elevated levels of loan and balance sheet growth, right, because it's just sort of new stuff rolling on and replacing, I think, at a lower yield. With a little bit more normalized loan growth from period to period, I think maybe that margin compression might be a little less, and then that sort of is offset by a little bit of repricing that's left on the liability side. So to summarize, the 360 seems a little low, we're going to be lower than we were in the full year last year. That's kind of what we think.
Kenneth M. Usdin: But again, just to confirm then so the premise is that maybe you get the pop in the first, just from the excess liquidity now being utilized, and then underneath that, past that point, the natural direction would be to be slightly down from there.
René F. Jones: I think, I don't know about the timing, but I think the natural position is slight downward pressure on that margin. And I guess what I was worried about is when I look at where we see ourselves headed, our starting point probably is not the 360 that we posted this quarter.
Kenneth M. Usdin: Okay, that's fair. My second question is just with regards to the growth that you've seen on the balance sheet and you mentioned continuing to want to retain mortgages. Obviously, that was almost $1 billion of sequential growth. Does the pipeline that you have in terms of originations continue to support that type of growth in the mortgage balances?
René F. Jones: Yes, I think we did. For our portfolio, we originated last quarter something like a little under $800 million, and then this quarter, we did, I think, a little under $700 million. So just give me one second and I'll see where I am there. And I mean, the volume probably slowed a little bit as of late with rates up, but there's probably a pretty decent clip. I mean, when we started this thing, I guess, I was thinking we’d do about $500,000 a quarter and we've been running ahead of that because of where the rate environment has been. Yes so specifically, if you look, locking for our -- or sort of originating [ph] for our portfolio, locking for our portfolio was, in the third quarter, 9 – 791. We did 680 in the fourth quarter, right, and so I think we're well above are target of $0.5 billion.
Kenneth M. Usdin: Okay. And my final question, René, is tangible book value was down a little bit because of the unrealized swing. I was wondering if you can just characterize what parts of the portfolio are you still seeing the spread widening in and how much of that portfolio, I guess, is still left, that's probably the, resulting in some of that OTTI that you booked this quarter?
René F. Jones: Okay, separate -- let's just break those into 2 parts. So really, the drop that we saw in -- or the increase in our other comprehensive income was relative to the pension plan, which was lowering our discount rate by about one point, given where rates are, looking at sort of the user. Use a corporate bond yield. And look at that at the end of the year. So that was the big change. I think that was a change of almost $200 million pretax. So that's why that was down. When we look at our OTTI, I mean, we were just under $10 million last quarter; we're at $25 million this quarter. And I guess the way I would characterize that is as we kind of look out and look at the performance of the bonds and then, more importantly, think about the time horizon in which it will take for low rates to get better and for housing to get better. We sort of extended our outlook a little longer out on that basis. So not necessarily a change in the performance of the underlying bonds but a change in our outlook on how long it will -- the current environment will stay as it is today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore Partners.
John G. Pancari: René, can you talk a little bit more about the drivers of loan growth this quarter, where you really saw some of the growth in the C&I book? And then also, can you give us a little bit of color around loan demand, where your line utilization is and also the trend in commitments?
René F. Jones: Yes, sure, sure. I'm happy to do that. We saw -- let me just give you some numbers. We saw, on the 6%, if you think about the average loan growth, the 6% up, we saw 5% growth in Upstate New York and Western New York. We saw, in our metro region, which is Philly, Westchester, New York metropolitan area, we saw 11% growth in total loans. And we saw a decline, a slight decline in PA and a decline of about 8% in the Mid-Atlantic. In the Mid-Atlantic, that was sort of funding of construction loans, which kind of went -- actually, after having funded construction loans, they moved over to permanent and we syndicated those out of our book. So we're collecting fees there, but generally, what's happening is we're kind of making sure we don't keep more than the amount of exposure that we want there. So activity in the Mid-Atlantic was pretty strong, as well. So if you kind of look at it, I'd say it's relatively across the board. We continue to be really encouraged by our performance in Upstate New York. We really do feel that we have an unprecedented opportunity to gain market share in upstate given the disruption that's gone on with, in particular with HSBC. That seems to be going very well. And then overall, I'd just say that there was a nice uptick in the activity. If you look at, exclude Wilmington, and you look from the fourth quarter of last year to the fourth quarter of this year, I'd say we had about 4% growth, core growth, and the current trends and the activities feel a little bit more positive than they did a year ago. So those are my comments. I don't know if you have any other follow-up questions.
John G. Pancari: Well, just from the line utilization, do you have what it was for the quarter?
René F. Jones: I haven't really looked at it, but it was up a bit; it ticked up a bit for the last 2 quarters.
John G. Pancari: Okay, good. And then on TARP, can you -- I know you just mentioned that you obviously submitted under CCAR the capital plan. Can you talk to us about your updated thoughts about around the timing of the payment of your remaining slice of TARP?
René F. Jones: As we said before, we'll do it as soon as is practical and that’s not something that sort of -- it involves others; it involves the Federal Reserve and so forth. So our objective would be to do it as soon as practical because we kind of view it a bit as a drain on our tangible generation. So that's our position; it hasn't really changed. I guess I'll leave it at that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Ramsey with FBR.
Bob Ramsey: René, just along the lines of loan growth, could you talk about, with the resi mortgage loan growth, is that mostly arms? Or sort of what is the yield that you all are putting new loans on your books at?
René F. Jones: The yield is sort of at 4%, maybe a little below 4%, and it's a sort of a mix of 30- and 15-year. I'd say more than 1/2 of that, maybe 60% of it, is 15-year agency mortgages.
Bob Ramsey: Okay, okay. And then just a quick question on credit. You mentioned the $19 million charge-off in the Mid-Atlantic. Was that fully reserved for or is some of this quarter's provision related to that credit?
René F. Jones: We had a specific -- we had a specific reserve for that loan so there wasn't a big surprise with respect to it. And this is a portfolio -- I think, in fact, I think it's something that was from that original Mid-Atlantic portfolio that we've been talking about for several years, which is now down to, dare I say, de minimis amounts. I think I looked at the balances the other day and the on-balance sheet from that original -- of sort of Mid-Atlantic original portfolio was something like $170 million.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. And then sort of as we think about provisioning going forward, should we -- can we expect charge-offs and provision to sort of match as you work down specific reserves and then replace it as you think about provisioning for growth? Or net-net are you thinking you can release reserves or build? Or how are you thinking about it?
René F. Jones: I think it depends. I mean, if we didn't -- don't see an improvement in the overall economy and the levels of nonperforming criticized loans but we like the trends, right, but having said that, there's still very -- the levels are very abnormally high, at least for us. And until we see a significant change there, it would be hard just to think about taking down the allowance. Having said that, at the same time, we're booking a lot of loans, right? So when you put on $1.7 billion of new loans, you've got to provide for those as well. So I think our trend is -- when I look to the future, I look at what we've done in the past, right?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Penala with Merrill Lynch.
Leanne Erika Penala: My first question is clarity on the Tier 1 common ratio that you gave of 6.86%. That's on a Basel I basis?
René F. Jones: Yes.
Leanne Erika Penala: Do you have what it would be on a Basel III basis?
René F. Jones: No. And again, I've said this before, sort of speculating on how the regulation is going to come out and what the rules of the game are going to be. We just haven't spent much time doing that so all of our -- you got it?
Leanne Erika Penala: Got it. I guess my follow-up question to you is we're getting mixed messages in terms of what the regulators are looking at in the cap -- in CCAR for 2012. Some banks have told us that, "Don't be so naïve to think that Basel III doesn't matter," but it sounds like you submitted your capital plan, that it's, given what you said, we still don't know what the final rules are. Basel I will continue to be the focus for the regulators. Is it your sense that they're not looking at Basel III for those, for the capital plan for 2012?
René F. Jones: Well, we just follow the rules. I mean, they've got a process. They tell you what to look for -- what to use, and we've gone through that process. And to the extent that we are required to go out and do something under a new set of rules, we would do that when the time comes. But it's just a lot of energy to be spending time trying to hit on what those prospective rules might come out to be. The other thing I think about is when we think about the capital planning here at M&T, we don't think about it any differently because we’ve been asked to do a capital plan review than we’ve done in the past. And I think it's kind of helpful to remember with M&T is why our capital ratios are where they are. We started out in the middle of a really poor economic environment in 2009 and we bought Provident and then we did a couple of FDIC-assisted deals and helped them out with another and then we bought Wilmington. And every single time that you go through that, you've got to be approved and so we submit plans and capital plans and, in several cases, stress tests and all that through the process. And if the regulators are comfortable with those plans then you move forward as it is. So when you look at that under a fair amount of scrutiny, what we've done is we've taken a lot of our capital generation and used it to support the stability of the banking industry by not letting those institutions kind of come down, and we brought them on as part of M&T. Our ability to generate capital, as you kind of look at that, is really, really high, right? So when we look at it, we've been through a lot of stress testing. We kind of took the same process and presented what we do in the same way. And from our perspective, we're not too concerned.
Leanne Erika Penala: Got it. And just my second question, I wanted to follow up on some of the guidance you gave on the expense side. If I'm looking at the number correctly, and please let me know if I'm looking at it incorrectly, excluding the -- some of the noise and excluding the intangible amortization expense, it looks like the quarterly run rate for expenses would be $603 million for the fourth quarter. And if I'm looking at an annualized rate of $2.4 billion in core expenses for 2012, how much is left to take out of that $2.4 billion number? And I'm wondering, because you mentioned there could still be 50% of cost saves remaining to realize from Wilmington Trust but you mentioned last quarter that there could still be reinvestment going into the legacy franchise that could be going on as well, how should we think about the puts and takes?
René F. Jones: Numbers aside, the way you're thinking about it is exactly right. I mean, I just -- we've talked about -- initially, we talked about $80 million in expense saves from the Wilmington transaction. I don't know, maybe if you annualize the 13, we're up around 40 to 50, and I think we’re 50% of the way there so we feel very, very good about that. And those are pretty much absolute numbers, but then you've got to bring them into M&T. And the way we think about M&T, particularly after receiving a lot of this pressure on fees and things from the regulation, is that we have to have a positive revenue expense spread. That means expenses will grow. We just want to make sure that they grow at a slower rate than the revenues. So I mean, I kind of look at the 2 separately, but when I look at it overall, expenses should be very well controlled in total as we kind of move forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Adam Chaim: This is actually Adam Chaim calling in for Matt. I just had a quick one on, I guess, the expenses in 4Q, the extraordinary expenses in 4Q. It looks like it's mostly sort of a clean-up quarter; I don't know if that's fair to say. But what do those impairment charges mean for securities, OTTI losses going forward, and also the Bayview run rate losses?
René F. Jones: Well, with respect to the securities, you're -- what you're trying to do is you're trying to look out into the future and predict your cash flows. And to the extent that you think that you're going to have some credit impairment, you've got to take that and write those securities down to fair value. So if we've done that the right way and we don't see any change in the economic environment on a particular security, we think we've taken care of it. Having said that, in any quarter, you could get a different set of securities that could come up and you've got to look at them each quarter. With respect to the Bayview thing, remember that what we did this quarter takes down our basis, but the structure is such that our initial -- original investment, BLG or Bayview Lending Group, we have a 20% equity interest in, and in that particular piece, we use equity accounting so we record our share of the losses of that business. And while it's no longer originating a small-balance commercial security, it still has operating cost, is the best way to put it. And so I would expect very little change in what you've been seeing quarter over quarter there. The remaining -- most of the value that you have that supports our current market value is related to the parent company, Bayview Financial, and our 20% interest in all of it is cash flows. It's not 20% ownership but it's interest in the upside. And then in terms of cleanup, I don't -- that clean-up word is kind of weird to me, but it – it doesn't register with me so...
Adam Chaim: Okay. Just one other quick one on the trust income. Revenues were flat Q-over-Q. We thought that revenues might have seen a little bit of a bounce in 1Q. I think, in 3Q, you might have said that – you said that revenues were weak by I think $5 million to $8 million based on lower valuations and the equity markets. So when do we sort of start seeing a rebound there since we've seen an improvement in the financial markets? I know it's a temporary thing, but is that a related driver of that revenue?
René F. Jones: Well, I think what you're talking about there is all related to the trust and investment income. And then in that space, that's where the $5 million to $8 million was. We saw some of that come back. Fees and total trust fees were relatively flat quarter-over-quarter and part of that was because of some of the uptick in market values. I think it might take a couple of quarters to get that back. Having said that, when you look at the underlying business, you've got to look at each of the components. And so for example, in the global capital markets portion of the business, Wilmington is the trustee for a lot of the securitizations that are out there. And so you get a lot of -- the uptick in revenue comes with a lot of issuances of debt and those types of thing. That market was -- dropped heavily in the third quarter. I think the amount of issuances were even lower on the fourth quarter and are some sort of record low for the last several years. So when that happens, their income is going to be down a little bit in that particular part of the business. I think, generally speaking overall, we'll -- we expect sort of modest growth. We're taking our time. And we think there's probably a lot of upside, but it's hard to predict exactly when that occurs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan.
Steven A. Alexopoulos: I wanted to start, I wasn't clear on your answer to Erika's question: Should we now be modeling $100 million of cost saves from Wilmington?
René F. Jones: I don't know. I mean, I think -- I feel like we're at about 1/2 where we were so we're at least -- we at least got 1/2 of the 40. We've done the work to get 1/2 of the 40. Maybe it's a little higher. I'm just kind of looking at where we're running and I'd say we will probably have expense saves from Wilmington of -- that have been baked in and on an annual basis of $40 million to $50 million, and I think we're about halfway there.
Steven A. Alexopoulos: All right. So we should take it up a bit, I'm assuming. Okay. In terms of the margin...
René F. Jones: A lot of moving parts in the whole expense space, you know.
Steven A. Alexopoulos: Yes. In terms of the margin, you said that prepaid fees declined. Can you break out what the dollars of prepaid fees were here in the fourth quarter so we know how much of that might be at risk in future quarters going away?
René F. Jones: I'd rather not, but let me give you this context. I mean, it's a couple of million dollars, right, so a basis point is less than $1 million or something like that, right? So that's why you can kind of tell when it gets down to negligible amounts that that's not consistent, right?
Steven A. Alexopoulos: Okay. And then finally, René, in terms of this excess liquidity, how do you think about the right amount of cash you should be holding? And are you expecting to move some of that into the securities portfolio to offset some of this margin pressure over the next few quarters?
René F. Jones: I think our securities -- let me think of a way to start on that. First of all, I think our securities book is probably one of the lowest among the regional banks, and the last I looked, we were probably half the size relative to our size of a securities book. And for the time being, we will continue to purchase security and hold mortgages so that probably would be a source of offset to the extent that we see continued growth in deposits and liquidity. But I feel -- in a very macro sense, I feel pretty good that we were able to take the $2.6 billion that we got from Wilmington. It took us 6 months, and to begin to utilize it. I would guess that the average balances, going forward, we typically don't carry that much cash.
Steven A. Alexopoulos: But should we think of it that you continue to hold the liquidity or that you draw that down into the securities portfolio?
René F. Jones: Well, what we did is we drew the -- we drew that down into liquid securities, right, so we're just, it means -- the word liquidity is interesting, right? As long as you're keeping high-quality securities, you're maintaining liquidity and you have that for future dates for whatever reason, right? But you're just earning money on it, as opposed to sitting -- having it sit with the Fed.
Steven A. Alexopoulos: Got you, got you. Any thoughts on the operating expense side to offset margin pressure beyond Wilmington?
René F. Jones: We're going to be very diligent on expenses. And it's hard to say, but I think the way we look at it, we'll probably talk about -- a little bit about it in our annual report. We've got a lot of work to do to offset sort of the changing banking environment because the rules of the game have changed. And so part of that is going to be focused on expense outside of what goes on with Wilmington. There will also be the other side. So what I'm talking about is the fact that we've got to have a much wider revenue expense grid than we've been running at in the past so efficiency is probably key for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Crédit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: Just looking at the 12 basis point decline in loan yields quarter-over-quarter, can you give us the impact between what was actually driven by spread, what was driven by rate, and if there’s any derivative or swap impact?
René F. Jones: [indiscernible] No swap impact. Could you ask me that question in a different way?
Craig Siegenthaler: Sure. Most of the impact, I'm assuming, is from putting new loans on at lower yields, with higher loan -- high-yielding loans rolling off. So what is the impact from that, which is really spread? And the other impact was, for all your variable-rate loans, what was the impact in this shift in rates?
René F. Jones: Okay. So I would say that if our core margin compression that I talked about was 4 basis points, I would say at least 1/2 of that was volume of loan coming on probably a little bit more. Maybe a little bit is a result of -- if you look at the Wilmington book, it's got a higher mix of variable rates in that, and so when you bring that on, there was a little bit of margin compression from normal margin compression as well. So majority of the 4 basis points, in my mind, and the majority therefore of the 11 points in the asset side is going to be from the volume, but there is, I don't know, 1, 2, 3 basis points, 3, 4 basis points of the 11 that is just normal -- I would guess, is normal yield compression. Remember, when we talk about lower prepayment penalties and those things, that's also a component of the 11 basis points that you're looking at. And then finally, what I'll say is you can see the change in the book. Some of that is lower rates on deposits and time deposits running off. But I mean that -- I mean, I don't know, the deposit side, I wouldn't expect the change to trend -- to change dramatically.
Craig Siegenthaler: Got it. And then, René, just one follow-up. If you look at your pretty strong loan growth from last quarter and assumed, and I don't want to be too short-term focused here, but assumed that the first quarter ended last Friday and you annualized that. I'm just wondering how is loan demand trending in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter? And can you also discuss any expected seasonality?
René F. Jones: I don't know. I mean, I think the activity seems to have picked up. Let's go back. We had actually a pretty robust quarter a year ago. And that tailed in -- last year, that tailed into January and February and then it got a little quiet. And then of course, with the downgrade of the U.S. and Europe falling off the charts, everything seemed to get very quiet. I think that really affected our third quarter. Having said that, in the third quarter of this year, even though our balances were low, we saw a lot of underlying demand and a lot of that materialized over the last, say, 4 months of the year. And so it's hard to predict what will happen, but I do kind of feel like it's sort of déjà vu from where we were last year. And if we can get some stability out there, then maybe that'll all translate into sort of an uptick in the total level of year-over-year loan growth. But I mean, given what happened last year, I feel very -- pretty comfortable with that. What we were able to do last year, we should be able to do again this year, and that's kind of how I look at it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Fox with Fenimore Asset Management.
John D. Fox: Most of my questions have been answered, but I have 2 quick. René, the mark-to-market on the pension plan, did you say that was 200 pretax?
René F. Jones: Something like that, up in that range.
John D. Fox: Okay. And what was the amount of preferred dividends in the quarter?
René F. Jones: I think it's in the release, but give me a second.
John D. Fox: I backed into $17.9 million. Is that right?
René F. Jones: Give me one second and I’ll tell you. That seems high.
John D. Fox: It seems high to me, which is why I'm asking.
René F. Jones: 16, maybe. You've got the, in that number, you've got the amortization of the -- $2 million is the amortization of the TARP discount.
Donald J. MacLeod: John, just the, some of the other analysts include the net income attributable to unvested restricted stock and so you may be thinking of that as being preferred dividend even though it’s not technically is, but it is part of the difference between GAAP net income and net income for EPS purposes, and I believe that's another 2.
John D. Fox: All right, great. And I had a -- somebody at a another bank mentioned to me that they have -- the bank has no interest in getting -- collecting deposits at this point because everyone has so much liquidity. What are your thoughts on that comment?
René F. Jones: As one of my peers on the management group says, we call those customers. So we're more than happy to help everybody with their liquidity.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Collyn Gilbert with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Collyn Bement Gilbert: Just want to follow up -- you've seen a lot of these things, but just on the loan yield side as we look at kind of the differentiation between what's rolling off and what you're putting on. I know you said it's lower. Can you quantify sort of how much lower? And I'm just trying to reconcile when that churn really starts to slow because you guys already seem like you're sitting in a fairly low kind of weighted average loan yield, anyway, and I would just think you're probably closer to a bottoming then. And maybe that's what you mean on your margin comment, but just trying to reconcile those numbers a little bit more.
René F. Jones: Yes, I mean, okay, I, one, I don't think I can quantify it. I'll think about it, and if we decide to do some more, then we'll disclose it in -- somewhere in our Q and so forth. But the way I think about it is, if you think about last quarter, the linked quarter, we actually had some uptick in our loan yields, right, and that was because we had higher prepayment and non-accrual interest on those loans. And my sense is that they would have been flat to slightly down the previous quarter, as well. And then, that trend would have continued this quarter. This quarter, you had a flip in those sort of cash items, right? And I don't, off the top of my mind, know, is that like maybe 3. Give me one second. Maybe 2 to 3 basis points, 4 basis points on the loan yields; maybe that's the 4 that I talked about. And then – but, so that would leave you with something like 7 to 8 and a lot of that, I think, was a little abnormally high because we had so much volume of loan and securities on our books. So there's a natural number in there. I haven't really quantified exactly what that natural number is.
Collyn Bement Gilbert: Okay, okay, that's helpful. And then just on the -- just a little bit of color on the loan side, the loan growth that you're seeing. I know you broke it out geographically, but do you have a sense at all of what types of businesses are borrowing and where you're seeing the demand just from a kind of an economic sector standpoint?
René F. Jones: Yes, yes. Well, I mean, we saw -- I saw – I take a look at by stick code [ph] and all that. I mean, there's really no one particular trend. We -- it seems to be in all types of commercial customers. We did have, as we spelled out in our press release, the fact that we got a rebound in the inventories on the auto floor plan, right, but aside from that, you can't really see -- I mean, in the real estate world, you saw that come back. For the first time, we've been running slightly down. I think all the activity was there, but probably the runoff of the book, remember, we've got Wilmington in there, has slowed. But there's no specific spike. I mean, I would say we've got growth in a lot of categories. The other thing I'd point out is that, since the acquisition, the Wilmington loan book has actually been coming down, but we saw -- even in Delaware, we saw C&I grow for 4 consecutive months, right, for the first time so that turned. And in total, the amount of runoff that we've seen in that book has actually slowed a bit. So there's some encouraging signs and it would be nice to have a quarter where every one of the regions has grown. And that's not happened yet, but I think the trend is headed in the right direction.
Collyn Bement Gilbert: Okay, okay, that's helpful. And then just finally, just curious, and maybe it was your comments about your outlook just being cautious as to the timeline that we're sitting -- going to sit in this environment, but why now did you change your course on Bayview? I mean, for years, you guys have been badgered on this line item. I just am curious why now you opted to pull the trigger.
René F. Jones: Well, I mean, you kind of got to go back, right? So other-than-temporary impairment requires a view that says over the passage of time, if something stays below its fair value for a long period of time, you've got to really think hard about saying that that's not other-than -- that’s not a temporary decline. And so if you think about what happened over time, in 2008, Bayview, BLG, stopped doing its origination of loans, and then what we did in 2008 is we restructured that investment so that we received an interest on all the cash flows of parent, Bayview Financial. And if you look at where we are today, much of the valuation that we have today is based on the sort of asset management business. If you kind of go back to our Q, when we were extending out our view of our ability to sort of collect our book value, all of our calculations said that, in our estimates, that our present value of the cash flows that we thought we would be able to collect were about 106% of the book value of our investment. What's kind of changed, is as you kind of think about, is -- what's changed really is our thinking about that timing. And so as you think about the business that they're in, Bayview's asset management business is a business which sort of manages capital for investors in the distressed mortgage space through either asset purchases or through servicing. And what I guess we would say is it's kind of ironic in a sense because what we like is the prudence at which they seem to be managing that business. And what that means is that, when asset prices or servicing prices are high, they chose not to deploy a lot of money so that they could keep their returns high. And as opportunities and prices drop and they think they're fair, they have the ability to grow assets under management by deploying that cash much faster. If you kind of just think about that discipline, what it says to us is that if they keep doing that, the business is actually growing, it's doing well but our ability to predict the timing, sort of schedule out the timing of when we'd receive those cash flows is less. So as we kind of looked at it, we were somewhere around, our cash flows, we suggested were sort of somewhere in and around the book value, and we said, "Look, what's our ability to really predict the timing to a great degree of accuracy?" So we decided to sort of take a look at the fair value and write it down to fair value at that time, which is what's required with an OTTI analysis. So really, the underlying business, we see a lot of growth and a lot of favorable things that are going on, but what's really changed is our view of the timing of when we'd be able to recover the investment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Turner with Compass Point.
Michael Turner: Sorry to kind of beat the dead horse, but just a follow-up to earlier questions, what's kind of your average loan yield on C&I loans in the quarter?
René F. Jones: Give me 2 seconds and I'll give you that. In total, we were somewhere around -- average loan yield was 378.
Michael Turner: Okay, for consolidated all products or just C&I?
René F. Jones: C&I.
Michael Turner: Okay. How does that compare -- I mean, the Fed survey shows it's around 2.5. I mean, what's the main, I guess, discrepancy? I know you historically have very low losses, just how you're getting over 100 basis points more than kind of the industry norm.
René F. Jones: Well, let me -- give me a second; let me give you some sense [ph]. If you look at how we manage the business, one, I think, if there's a difference, we're not doing a lot of large, syndicated credits with investment-grade companies, right? And I think that's how you would get margins, I would say or yields that are that much lower on your C&I book. But to give you some sense: If you look at a spread from swaps, our margins are routinely in the -- above 3% on the businesses that we actually bank, which a lot of which are smaller, small businesses and middle-market companies so we're something like the sixth-largest SBA lender in the U.S. ; third-largest east of the Mississippi, all right? So we're banking much smaller business credit. The one thing I would say is that, it's interesting, what you see when you look at the volume of business that we do, over the last 4 or 5 quarters, the margin has held up steady, right, in and around 3%; slightly higher when you look at it relative to the swaps curve. And so I think, really, when you think of the bank's margin, what's really happening is banks have hit a floor on the deposit side. And -- but when you look at the underlying business, if we're booking it at an appropriate spread, there really tends to be quite a bit of upside if the interest rate environment were to be -- were to normalize. So I'm not sure, I mean, the C&I spread, that seems really, really low for the type of business we would be in. So I don't know exactly what everybody else would be doing.
Michael Turner: Okay, that's helpful. So the 378 look like actually the rate for the average for the quarter, but you're saying what you originated is still -- are you saying it's in the ballpark of the, what's on the books right now?
René F. Jones: If you look at what we originated in the last 2 quarters, it's just above 3% relative to the swap rates. So maybe, I don't know, what is that, 323, 325, 330, somewhere in that range, yield.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Marty Mosby with Guggenheim securities.
Marty Mosby: It's more of a concept of, on the earlier question about the Basel III. When we do the calculation, we put all the enterprise-wide risk into our models. M&T Bank actually doesn't have much of an adjustment. All I was getting at is because you don't and because of the great risk management that you've had in the past, there is not much of an adjustment between Basel I and Basel III so really, there's not the haircut that you see in all the other banks, which would make it so important for them to do the calculation versus you-all being able to equate at least without any unknown changes, that you're pretty much in line with where Basel III would be.
René F. Jones: I like what you're saying. I just, my problem is I don't -- thank you very much.
Marty Mosby: I'm just saying, in general, the risk management practice has limited the impact of Basel III. So that way, your capital plan can kind of get away without having to formally calculate that.
René F. Jones: I think it's very, very important that capital management's got to be above capital and risk.
Marty Mosby: I was just going to put that out there so you kind of reconcile a lot of other banks are probably having to have more emphasis on that.
René F. Jones: Thanks, Marty.
Operator: That was our final question. I'd now like to turn the floor back over to Mr. MacLeod for any closing remarks.
Donald J. MacLeod: Again, thank you, all, for participating today. And as always, if clarification of any items on the call or the news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations Department at (716) 842-5138.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-19 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the M&T Bank Corporation Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Don MacLeod, Director of Investor Relations.  Sir, you may begin your conference.
Donald J. MacLeod: Thank you, Paula, and good morning. This is Don MacLeod. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's third quarter 2011 earnings conference call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website, www.mtb.com, and by clicking on the Investor Relations link. Also before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on Forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now, I'd like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, Rene Jones.
René F. Jones: Thank you, Don, and good morning, everyone, thank you for joining us on the call today. As you know, M&T's results this quarter reflect Wilmington Trust for the entire quarter, as opposed to a partial period during the second quarter. In some ways, this is a baseline from which you can understand where M&T is prior to any synergies realized from the merger and also where we're headed. Let's cover the highlights on the earnings release and then I'll take your questions. Turning to the specific numbers, for the third quarter 2011, net income was $183 million or $1.32 per diluted common share, compared with a $192 million or $1.48 per share in last year's third quarter. Net income for the linked quarter was $322 million or $2.42 per common share. Recall that the second quarter's results included $51 million of after-tax securities gains amounting to $0.41 per common share. These gains were the result of our program to reposition the balance sheet so as to enhance both capital ratios and the liquidity profile for the combined M&T and Wilmington Trust. M&T's results for the recent quarter included $16 million or $0.13 per common share of after-tax merger-related expenses arising from the acquisition of Wilmington Trust. Recall that M&T's second quarter results included the net after-tax gain of $42 million or $0.33 per common share related to the merger. That gain was comprised of a nontaxable gain of $65 million, which was partially offset by after-tax merger-related expenses of $23 million. There were no merger-related expenses in the third quarter of 2010. Also included on our GAAP earnings for this year's third quarter was after-tax expenses from the amortization of intangible assets amounting to $11 million or $0.08 per common share. This compares with $9 million or $0.07 per common share in the linked quarter, an $8 million or $0.07 per common share in the year ago quarter. Net operating income, which excludes the amortization of intangibles, as well as the merger-related items I mentioned, was $210 million in this year's third quarter, up 5% from $200 million in last year's third quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $1.53 for the recent quarter, down 1% from $1.55 in last year's third quarter. Net operating income was $289 million or $2.16 per diluted share in the previous quarter. In accordance with the SEC guidelines, this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results including tangible assets and equity. The annualized rate of return on tangible assets and average tangible common equity was 1.14% and 16.26% for the recent quarter, compared with 1.69% and 24.4% in the second quarter of 2011. Those figures were 1.24% and 19.58%, respectively, in last year's third quarter. Next, I'd like to cover a few highlights from the balance sheet and income statement. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $623 million for the third quarter of 2011, up 5% from $593 million in the second quarter of 2011, primarily reflecting the impact of the Wilmington Trust merger. Excluding the impact from that merger, we estimate that net interest income for legacy M&T, increased by about 1% unannualized. Driven by a 1% linked quarter increase in average earning assets, which is also not annualized. The net interest margin was 3.68% during the quarter, compared with 3.75% in the sequential quarter. We estimate that 3 basis points of the decline are attributable to the full quarter impact of the merger. This excludes the impact from high level of excess liquidity that we've held since the acquisition date back on May 16th. The higher combined levels of cash held at the Fed and resale agreements resulted in a net negative impact of about 2 basis points. Those balances rose from $1.4 billion on average in the second quarter to $1.9 billion in the third quarter. The day count of 92 days in the third quarter versus 91 days in linked quarter accounted for an approximate 1 basis point of the decline, and the remaining 1 basis point decline is attributable to core margin compression. At this point in time, we believe the balance sheet is positioned for a very slight downward pressure on the margin based on the forward curve. However, our ability to deploy cash into loan growth or additional purchase of investment securities should tend to mitigate that pressure. As for the balance sheet, average loans for the third quarter increased by approximately $2.7 billion to $58.2 billion, as compared with this year's second quarter, reflecting the remaining impact of the Wilmington Trust acquisition. Average loans, excluding Wilmington Trust were down about 1% annualized, as compared to the second quarter on that same basis. Commercial & industrial loans declined by $126 million or an annualized 4%. This includes $174 million decline in loans to auto dealers, which is something that we expect in the third quarter of every year as inventories depleted in advance of the new model year. Other C&I loans grew an annualized 2%. Average commercial real-estate loans declined an annualized 1%. Consumer loans declined an annualized 2%, reflecting a lower level of indirect auto loans and continued soft demand for home equity loans. Residential real-estate loans grew an annualized 5%, largely due to the levels of mortgage loans retained for our portfolio. On an end-of-period basis, also excluding Wilmington Trust, we experienced annualized growth in loans of about 1%, reflecting a rebound in activity late in the quarter particularly on the commercial side. For example, C&I lending, grew stronger as the quarter progressed reflecting 10% annualized growth on an end-of-period basis. It is also worth noting that we began to retain the bulk of our mortgage production again on July 1st. We locked just under $800 million of new loan volume for delivery to our discretionary portfolio during the third quarter. We won't see the majority of the impact from those loans coming on to the balance sheet until the fourth quarter. As you might expect from my comments on excess liquidity and cash held at the Fed, M&T continued to see growth in deposits during the third quarter. Average core deposits, excluding the impact of Wilmington Trust, were up $1.1 billion or an annualized 9%. Substantially, all of this growth was a noninterest bearing demand deposits. Finally, M&T purchased approximately $880 million of investment securities during the quarter, however, despite these purchases we still have some $2.2 billion of cash held at the Fed at the end of the quarter. Turning to noninterest income. Noninterest income was $368 million for the third quarter of 2011, compared with $502 million in the linked quarter. As I mentioned, the second quarter's results included the $65 million nontaxable gain arising from the Wilmington Trust merger. In addition, the third quarter results included $10 million of net securities losses primarily due to other temporary impairment charges relating to our portfolio, private label MBS. While the second quarter included $84 million of net pretax securities gain. Excluding those items, noninterest income was $378 million for the quarter, compared with $353 million in the linked quarter. That increase was largely due to the full quarter impact of Wilmington Trust compared to the partial quarter effect in the prior period. Also excluding those items, noninterest income for legacy M&T was down about $20 million from the linked quarter. Reflecting a bit of softness in most of our fee income categories, which was linked to the disruption in the capital markets back in July and August and a general slowdown in activity. Overall, service charges on deposit accounts were $122 million during the recent quarter compared with $120 million in the linked quarter, largely attributable to the merger. On the legacy M&T side, the result was somewhat soft as a result of the lower debit card volumes from the higher levels that we saw on the second quarter. Trust income was $114 million during the recent quarter, up from $76 million in the second quarter. The increased from the linked quarter was substantially all attributable to the full quarter impact of Wilmington Trust. And trust fees particularly on the Wilmington side were weaker due to the lower valuations in the equity markets and the general slow of pace of activity in the capital markets. Mortgage banking fees were $38 million for the third quarter, down from the $42 million in the linked quarter. This largely reflects our plans to retain the majority of our residential mortgage production. We estimate that our decision to retain the mortgages cost us to forgo some $14 million of gain on sale revenue during the recent quarter, to instead be realized overtime as interest income. The other noninterest income category was down about $6 million from the linked quarter on the legacy M&T side, and this category was negatively impacted by lower levels of loans indication and other credit-related fees, as well as lower levels of gain on leasing residuals. Turning to expenses. Excluding merger-related expenses in the amortization of intangible assets, operating expenses were $619 million for the third quarter, compared with $525 million in the second quarter of 2011. The increase, again, largely reflects the full quarter impact of the merger, and does not include the benefit of any merger-related cost savings, which will begin to materialize next quarter. The conversion of the Wilmington Trust branch platform in the core banking systems occurred over the weekend of -- over the last weekend of August. While we've added staff positions to essential operations areas, savings arising from those conversions and the elimination of certain back-office and headquarter positions won't become apparent until the fourth quarter. During the third quarter, M&T recorded in addition to our impairment allowance for capitalized residential mortgage servicing rights of $1 million. There was no change to the allowance in the second quarter of 2011. The efficiency ratio, which excludes securities gains and losses, as well as intangible amortization and merger-related gains or losses was 61.8% for the third quarter, compared with 55.6% in the second quarter of 2011. Next, let me turn to credit. Credit trends, while continuing to show improvement, reflected some impact from the merger. As we discussed in the press release, as of the third quarter, we've begun to separately report other acquired impaired loans. These are acquired loans that were not impaired as of the date of the acquisition, but which are no longer performing in accordance with their contractual term. In accordance with GAAP, these loans are included in pools of loans which accrue interest -- which continue to accrue interest based on an estimated cash flows. Nevertheless, we've always felt that despite the technical accounting rule, it's important for investors to have a clear picture of how the underlying loans are actually performing. Following our latest acquisition, we further segregated these loans to make that picture even clearer. We believe that breaking these loans out separately will help investors better understand M&T's accounting for acquired loans. As presented in the table on Page 12 of the press release, these loans aggregated $218 million as of September 30th, compared with $141 million at the end of the second quarter. And had previously been included in the nonaccrual loan figures that we reported. We would expect the level of other acquired impaired loans to continue to increase over the near to immediate term before leveling off. Nonaccrual loans, which exclude other acquired impaired loans, were $1.1 billion as of the end of the quarter, little change from the end of the prior quarter. The ratio of nonaccrual loans as a percentage of total loan was also unchanged at 1.91% as compared to the second quarter. Other nonperforming assets, consisting of assets taken into foreclosure of the defaulted loans were $150 million at the end of the third quarter down from $159 million at the end of the second quarter. Net charge-offs for the third quarter were $57 million, improved from $59 million in the second quarter of 2011. The annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of loans were 39 basis points, down from 43 basis points in the linked quarter. Provisions for credit losses was $58 million for the third quarter, compared with $63 million in linked quarter. These provisions exceeded charge-offs by $1 million, and as a result, the allowance for credit losses has increased to $909 million as of the end of the third quarter of 2011. The ratio of allowance to credit losses for legacy loans, which excludes acquired loans, was 1.79%, down slightly from 1.80% at the end of the linked quarter. The loan loss allowance as of September 30th was 3.6x annualized year-to-date net charge-offs. Loans past due 90 days or more, but still accruing, were $310 million at the end of the recent quarter, improved from $373 million as of June 30th. The improvement largely reflects the acquired Wilmington Trust loans, which went in the process of being re-documented at maturity. Of the loans 90 days past due and still accruing at the end of the third quarter, $212 million are guaranteed by government-related entities. This figure was $207 million as of June 30th. Finally, while we will publish the final level of criticized loans in our 10-Q filing, we anticipate that we've brought further improvement from the levels at the end of the second quarter. Turning to capital. M&T's capital ratio at the end of the third quarter continued to improve reflecting earnings that comfortably exceed -- reflecting earnings comfortably in excess of our dividend. M&T's tangible common equity ratio was 6.46% at the end of the third quarter, up 18 basis points from 6.2% at the end of the linked quarter. Our estimate of Tier 1 common ratio as of September 30th is 6.89%, improved by 22 basis points from 6.67% at June 30th. And our tangible book value per share was $38.11 at the end of the recent quarter up 3% from $37 at the end of the linked quarter, and up 18% from $32.23 at the end of the earlier quarter. Turning to our outlook. It appears to us, based on feedback from customers, that the news headlines over the federal debt ceiling and the U.S. credit rating downgrade, the eurozone uncertainty and the Fed's comments about the necessity of keeping rates low for another 2 years, all had the effect of slowing down the level of commercial and capital markets activity early in the third quarter. As the quarter progress, activity seemed to pick up somewhat. But at this point, we don't see anything to suggest that commercial loan trends will be much different from what we've seen throughout most of 2011, that is to say steady activity on the C&I side with pipelines continuing to build. Also, auto floor plan activity should pick up as dealers build inventory of the new model year. On the CRE side, modest growth in commercial mortgage activity will continue to be masked by the net contraction in construction lending, particularly residential construction from our acquired portfolios. We expect consumer loan growth to remain tepid. The benefit of our program to retain residential mortgage originations will become more apparent in the fourth quarter, as mortgage that's originated in the third quarter are funded and come onto the balance sheet. We believe the net interest margin should be relatively stable at the current level. As I noted, the balance sheet is positioned for slightly near-term margin compression. However, I'd note that growth in loans and securities is being funded by the cash we're holding, which is serving to limit margin compression. As we noted on the last quarter's call, with the so-called Durbin Amendment becoming effective on October 1st, we expect lower debit card interchange fees to negatively impact service charges by some $15 million to $20 million in the coming quarter. At this point in time, we expect that the loss revenue will be outpaced by expense reductions, particularly as the impact of synergies from the merger begin to materialize. Of course, all of these projections are subject to a number of uncertainties, various assumptions regarding national, regional, economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events and all other -- and other macroeconomic factors, which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. We'll now open up the call to questions, before which, Paula will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Todd Hagerman of Sterne Agee.
Todd L. Hagerman: René, I guess, certainly, the one item that really stands out in the quarter is expense levels, particularly as you mentioned the August conversion. I believe, if memory serves, I think you realized about $80 million of cost saves when the deal closed in Q2. If you could just kind of walk us through really some of the moving parts this quarter on the expense side, particularly between legacy M&T versus Wilmington, the impact? And again kind of reconcile that with kind of your outlook at the 15% cost savings goal for 2012?
René F. Jones: Sure, Todd. Let me just sort of -- if I just interpreted what you said wrong. But we actually, through the third quarter, have realized no expenses. So at the close of the deal, we had half of the quarter, because we closed the deal on May 16th. And then, what is a little atypical of this transaction versus to all of the habits we've created overtime is that we didn't do simultaneous merger conversion. And so because the bank was sort of running on its own all the way through the last quarter of August, we won't begin to see any of the expense savings or the $80 million that you mentioned starting until next quarter. But beyond that, really, if you think about it, what happened is we've added to our staff to be able to have peak positions in the back office that will ultimately help us run the institution, but because we haven't begun to get the savings, the run rate that you need to come down from where your today, is probably greater than $80 million, right? Because that's the net number of the total impact of the merger. So it's just sort of -- you're really kind of seeing, I'm going to call it baseline, at least with the Wilmington being in our numbers, and now, you're going to begin to see it's going to do what we typically do.
Todd L. Hagerman: Okay, and again, just, could you reconcile just in terms on the linked-quarter basis, just in terms of core M&T relative to Wilmington, just the relative contributions. And again, it just seems like M&T seems to be higher?
René F. Jones: It is. It is higher. I'd say, a couple of things -- Let me say it again, so the M&T piece is higher and there are a couple of things there. We had a swing in all ROE expenses from a net gain last quarter, because of that New York City property that we talked about to actual costs this quarter. And quite frankly, that is, how do I say, maybe even a little high in the current quarter. And then, we also had an extra day or so, right? So the salaries are up, and I don't know, $4 million, $5 million higher than the second quarter. And then, just in general with sort of gearing up and preparing for the transaction, I'd say some of the expenses at the M&T side are really sort of geared around dealing with the transaction. So you're right, the M&T piece is up and as well as just having the impact of the merger.
Todd L. Hagerman: Can you share, just in order of magnitude, how much it was up?
René F. Jones: We're over $20 million. The swing in ROE was probably $18 million. And the way I think about it is just look at the efficiency ratio, it's 61.8, last year it was 53, and 53 looks more like M&T.
Todd L. Hagerman: That's correct. That's why the question, and then if I could just follow up, the comments that you made in terms of the excess liquidity, excess cash at the Fed, I think you mentioned in excess of $2 billion. Could you just talk about, as I think about the 2012 balance sheet, the long growth momentum that you talked about, that liquidity, specifically, I mean, how much is delivered versus how much is kind of regulatory market driven, just kind of given all that uncertainty that you talked about?
René F. Jones: Well, I guess the way I talked about it anecdotally in terms of cash is that we were not in an excess cash position before we brought on Wilmington. So really, we're trying to catch up a little bit from that, I guess, in hindsight, maybe we could've put on a few more investments securities before the deal closed, but we didn't, so that's where you start from. And then, what's happened is the growth in deposits has pretty much kept pace with the amount of investments that we've been doing on the securities side. So if you -- hence, the position that we're still, around $2 billion. The final thing is that, I think we'll be able to utilize those funds. Particularly because if you look at M&T, the one thing that's a little different on our profilers is we're way, way below the industry average both in mortgages and investment securities, where we've sort of held off for a very long time on growing those portfolios. So if you kind of think about that, that kind of gives you some picture of how we're thinking about absorbing some of that excess cash. But one other thing I would say, is that we also now have -- when you bring in Wilmington Trust, we are going to see lumpiness, and a mighty big lumpiness. It's not unusual to get a customer on a corporate trust side that grants [ph] $1 billion with us for 30 to 60 days, right? But if you just put that aside for a minute, you kind of get a sense of what our plan is and sort of what's happening with the cash.
Todd L. Hagerman: So if I could just follow up on that. Again, when you talk about the expectations for loan growth, securities growth, going forward, funded by cash, I'm assuming on the securities and in a stable margin, if you will. I'm assuming then that with the cash funding, again, you're effectively margin accretive even though you're purchasing presumably lower yielding securities.
René F. Jones: Yes, I think so. I mean, it's just sort of rule of thumb and we're being very cautious how we put securities on, but if some securities are going on, that's plain vanilla securities that's say 320 to 340. And then residential mortgages are going on, just the neighborhood of 4%, right? You kind of get very little impact on your margin. If we were starting from a place where we had those 2 books were very large and we're having runoff, you'd see a lot of churn and you get the dilutive effect of the old stuff rolling off,  but we don't have that position, right? So this is net new stuff coming on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Ramsey of FBR.
Bob Ramsey: Just to touch a little more on expenses, have you sort of look at where you guys are this quarter at $619 million taking out the intangibles and merger costs. And looking at Wilmington cost saves of about $20 million a quarter once fully implemented? I mean, is it fair then to say, that means that M&T by the end of next year will be closer to kind of like a $600 million number? Excluding amortization?
René F. Jones: How did you get from $619 million to $600 million?
Bob Ramsey: I went to $619 million and then take $20 million a quarter for Wilmington cost savings, which is about 15% of Wilmington's cost save or Wilmington's cost base.
René F. Jones: I think, one, you're going to probably center around the way you're doing that, the $80 million. And then, you've got to remember that the expenses are probably net a little high right now, right? So we're probably starting from a higher point, so it's probably $80 million plus. And then -- so that's the expense answer. The other thing is if you look at M&T, we've got the whole issue of the general efficiency ratio, which is sort of the changing dynamic of where fees are coming from with regulation and those types of things. And I guess, the way I'd say it is as you look out as far as you're looking out, at 1 full year, our focus will be to drive the efficiency ratio back to normal spaces for M&T, and some of that means that we're going to be have cautious on expenses and looking at expenses. But it also means that we're going to be looking at both sides, fees and expenses to drive the efficiency ratio, right?
Bob Ramsey: And then when you say something that's more normal for M&T, given all the changes as you say in fees, that we've seen, something 54%, 55%, sort of where you are hoping to get it, is that the right range?
René F. Jones: I mean, I think, I can't tell you about timing on that, but I mean, I think, that just make sense, because if you think of what our operating model is, it's very, very plain vanilla, right? And we've always held that in a long-term and a consolidating industry where you're offering commodities, you have to have a strong efficiency ratio. So we haven't changed our view that we've run the company down in those levels. Again, I'd point you to last year, we were at 53%, and that's where our work is.
Bob Ramsey: And then, maybe last question, if I shift gears, I know you all did highlight that you are now following more the resi mortgage reduction. Can you just sort of review how you all think about the sale versus portfolio decision? And I know there have been many times that you all didn't like resi mortgages or didn't like the portfolio resi mortgages. Is it because you've got the cash on the balance sheet now that it's a more attractive option?
René F. Jones: I think, there are 3 things. I think, one, is because our profile is very asset sensitive, all right? Which I guess is nice if bet on interest rates are sort of going up, but we tend to be neutral. So because of the lack of general growth, and the slowness in the economy, the deposits coming on, we just need fixed-rate assets. So rather than buy them from somebody else, you just save on the transaction costs by just keeping your own, that would be one. Two would be that there's kind of a change that's gone on, right? I mean, there's a lot of uncertainty in the mortgage market, every loan you book has got some sort of repurchase risk. And quite frankly, that repurchase risk is a selection bias, because there's never really anybody calling up and say, "I'd like you to buyback this loan, it's performing really well." So when you look at that, the dynamics have changed. The value of those mortgages has gone up relative to sort of treasuries, right? And so the spreads are higher. So it just makes a little bit more sense for us to put those on today. The third thing is that, we do get a risk rating benefit from it, which is not something that M&T, we ever really think about very much. But the regulatory constraint that's put on us has not been tangible, but it's been something called Tier 1 common. So we have to think, down the road, whether we want to optimize the balance sheet by putting on more of those lower risk weighted assets. So that's a change, but it's a change brought on by regulation. So all of those 3 things are kind of pointing us in the direction of retaining our mortgages.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin: Just a follow-up on the mortgage thing, so when you think about the continued trade-off between keeping mortgages and not selling it, and you mentioned that that looks more out to the fourth quarter. So do we assume that we see more via net interest income in the loan growth side as those come on, and does that mean that mortgage banking naturally just comes off, or has the mortgage banking effect already been felt because you've decided to hold them?
René F. Jones: So this quarter, as we said, we think our income, our fee income was about $14 million lower because we lost those loans for our own portfolio. And then, you should see the lion's share of that impact of this quarter sort of little less than $800 million of volume bit in the fourth quarter, and obviously, it should improve net interest income. The one one thing I would say is that like many of the other banks you saw this quarter, I mean the mortgage volume was really, really high, right? So it's hard to predict whether if we have the same amount every quarter, but sure, the net effect should be that we're building our balance sheet side. And if you're thinking about if all the volume of activity was the same, you wouldn't then see another drop in mortgage banking income going to the fourth quarter. So that's sort of volume dependent.
Kenneth M. Usdin: That's definitely part of what I was getting at. But, I guess, the other part of it is just the time disconnect, right? Where you take the absence of the gain on sale in one quarter, but then the NII will be more layered out more overtime, is that a fair way to think about it?
René F. Jones: Yes, fair way to think about it. It's also exacerbated by the fact that you record gain on sale when you lock the loan, but you -- so that it's early, and you don't get interest income until you actually own the loan.
Kenneth M. Usdin: And then the second thing is just on the -- a couple of other would be just broader fee question. So we have the full quarter of Wilmington this quarter, and I just wanted to understand if you can give us some color on the underlying trends within service charges, as that deal has come on, if you changed anything with regards to the fees that you're assessing on Wilmington customers as a welcome onboard type of thing even though you haven't converted?
René F. Jones: Yes, I don't have a real specific detailed answer for you, but generally speaking, we've been very cautious in that space, and so we are waiving fees across different product types. Some of it is for convenience, some of it is just because the nature of the conversion. So there is -- I haven't thought of this but there is probably a little bit of an effect of that in this quarter's results. And that -- if we were going to change that in any particular area, say service charges or something else, it will work its way out over time. Because our big issue is retaining customers, we're very focused on that. I'm trying think if there's anything else -- and then the other thing I would say is that we've got market sensitive fees, and we're sort of batting it around, I guess the idea here is that overtime you guys are going to ask us how sensitive we are to a move in the SMP. I don't really know the answer yet, but I know that if it had not been for the market disruptions, I guess I was expecting that we would have made $5 million to $8 million more in fee income this quarter out of the combined trust businesses. So it gives you some sense that the downturn in the SMP has probably had an impact on the quarter's fee income.
Kenneth M. Usdin: Yes, that was actually going to be my last question, and maybe you can answer it a different way and saying, do you know the mechanism by which of those fees are priced whether they're done on averages, or period ends or some type of lag, that could help partially answer that question.
René F. Jones: The short answer is no. But let me explain to you why. The wonderful thing about Wilmington Trust is, as you've learned about, it's a very robust business. And so as you walk down the different things that they do, some of them, yes, are based on fees off of assets. But in the wealth business, there's also a significant portion that are actually not based on fees of managed assets. You've got businesses like the retirement business, which are sensitive to it. But then again, you've got businesses that are simply based on services we perform like being the agent on success or loan agency services where you got a conflict between the lender and the borrower and then the shared national credit. So when you look at it in total, it's really hard to point to one thing and say, "This is how it works." It's actually much more of a diverse base. So that's why -- again, as I look through all those, and I saw the quarter, SMPs maybe it's somewhere in that $5 million to $8 million that we're down. But it's hard to really give you a formula on how to get there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin St.  Pierre of Sanford Bernstein.
Kevin J. St. Pierre: I have a question on capital, with Tier 1 common sort of inching toward 7% here, could you update us on how you're thinking about ultimate [indiscernible] repayment and what those ratios will be beyond that?
René F. Jones: As we charged ahead with our capital, you're right, we're sort of on target to see somewhere in the 7% range at the end of the year, and on the Tier 1 common. So I think, obviously, in a month, within a month, probably the capital rules will be out. Obviously, you probably to have some cushion over that. But the way I think about it is that a portion of that probably could come from changing the mix of the balance sheet by having the lower risk weighted asset. So it was kind of where I was talking about before. I don't know that -- I can't tell you what the level of our tangible common equity will be, I like the fact that right now at 646, it's sitting about 1% above our normal long-term target, right? And from there, I think we'll just sort of figure that mix out. But I don't have an exact number for you. I think we'll focus on those sort of risk in the balance sheet more than anything else.
Kevin J. St. Pierre: And separate, unrelated. As we look quarter-to-quarter, we sort of get used to the negative contribution from Bayview here, do you still feel good about future positive contributions there?
René F. Jones: Yes, I do. It's the nature of the business and where the revenue streams or the cash will come from. It's different that when we originally made the investment. But you kind of see  through that line that, that piece of the original business is very predictable. And now, you've got an operating -- most of the valuation is coming from this Bayview asset management, which is an operating unit that does a lot of either mortgage purchases or mortgage servicing, right? And from time to time, we flip back and forth between being a good time to purchase assets and accumulate assets. Now, it's actually a better time to be doing mortgage servicing. But we like their capabilities and we feel good about the way we value the investment.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pancari of Evercore Partners.
John G. Pancari: In terms of the retention of Wilmington Trust customers on the wealth management side, can you just talk a little bit about how that's gone and how the trend in the AOM have gone as well?
René F. Jones: We've been, as you say, it's very simple, we've been extremely great with both the retention of the customers and the retention, probably most important, of the employees, which you know they're directly linked. And nothing has really changed since I answered the question on the last call. It's been above our expectation. The other thing, I guess, I would say is when I look at the asset management, and the assets under management, most of the decline is simply -- it seems to be simply the market decline and the numbers. I think these are rough numbers, so you bear with me, but I think we went from somewhere around $80 billion to $72 billion, right? Which is very symmetric with what you saw happened in the market, in the capital markets -- in the equity markets, I should say.
John G. Pancari: Right, that's exactly what I was getting at. Just to see that mainly there's no other -- there's no loss of business and that's impacting that trust line.
René F. Jones: Things have gone very well, and I'm knocking on my table here.
John G. Pancari: Okay. And then separately on the margin side, I know you had indicated that you expect a stable in 4Q, and then there's a downward bias just given how the balance sheet is structured. Can you talk a little bit more about the components of the margin, like what are you seeing right now in terms of loan pricing, and then also do you have some incremental ability to lower deposit costs?
René F. Jones: Well, the first thing that sort of underpins those comments is the fact that I was just kind of looking at that forwards, if push goes to shove. I mean, the forward is flat for the next 15 months, you never really see that in any sort of rate when you look at the spread between LIBOR in 2-year or just anyone of the absolute rates, nothing is predicted to change out there. So if you kind of hold that there in that environment, you've got the role effect that everybody else is likely to see, but it's smaller for us because our lower yielding securities in residential mortgages are smaller, right? So that's what behind it. I mean, assuming if you had any sort of change upward, the answer would be different. Just give me the last part of your question again?
John G. Pancari: Yes, I was just wondering if you still have some ability to lower your funding costs as well?
René F. Jones: Yes, I don't know that, that's the case. I mean, I think that, generally speaking, maybe there is prices to tweak it here or there, but that's probably not a big lever that we have. And if you go back to the other part of the question on the loan side, we seem to be doing pretty well, generating decent yields. In fact, if I look at the commercial loan book, we sort of track like a full P&L on every deal that we've done in the quarter. What we kind of see is that after a number of quarters of coming down in the margin that we're able to get by booking the loans, we've now seen 2 or 3 consecutive increases. And actually, 1, 2, 3 -- 3 consecutive increases in the margin that we're getting on loans, right? So that's been pretty stable and kind of the history of sort how we think about pricing.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matthew O'Connor: A couple of independent questions. Just first, as we think about the sensitivity to the trust fees from the market, is there any good rule of thumb there, in terms of SMP changes by 10%, impacts revenues by x?
René F. Jones: I just don't have it yet. It's not that I feel comfortable with. And this maybe is a bad answer, but I'll talk about it every quarter, I gave you the $5 million to $8 million, and maybe we can sort of from our opinion as we move along.
Matthew O'Connor: Okay. And remind us, for those of us that didn't cover Wilmington, the mix of, say, equities versus fixed income?
René F. Jones: That really differs by business. Let me see if I can get something here. But I mean -- so if you look at the end of the quarter, assets under management may be,  so 21% cash, 36% equities, assets to fix income is 34% and then other -- I'm not sure what other is, probably alternative, it was 9%. So pretty evenly distributed, and then quite frankly, quite a bit of cash, which is sort of if you look at the revenue streams today, they're really, really muted by the fact that interest rates are low on the money markets and the waving of fees.
Matthew O'Connor: All right, that's helpful. And then just switching gears here, thinking about the underlying loan growth at M&T legacy on a period end basis, which I think should get rid some of the noise, loans were relatively flat. Mortgage was up just a little bit, even though you're retaining. The commercial piece, I think, is impacted by the some of the auto floor plan. And if you can give us a sense of the auto floor plan drag? And then just generally speaking, we're seeing loan growth for the industry overall and it seems like a little bit less for you guys?
René F. Jones: Yes, I think, I had in my comments, I think -- we have to double check this, but I think the number was like $179 million or $176 million down in the floor plan lending, which will come down a little bit more in the next month or so before it begins to rebound as you kind of you work your way into the beginning of the year. So, but then the C&I loan growth was pretty consistent with what it's been, all the other stuff. And then, as I said, even including floor plan, the end of period growth was 10%, if you take out floor plan at the end-of-period growth in the other categories of C&I were almost 12% annualized growth. The other thing I can tell you is that on the commercial side we've now seen somewhere between 8 to 10 consecutive months of buildup in our commercial pipeline. So there's a lot of activities there. I do think that as we come along, maybe we'll try to do a better job of this. But for us to be down 1% annualized on commercial real-estate, having brought on K Bank, Brad Ford and Wilmington, with all of their residential mortgage stuff that we're working out, really tells you that, that business is actually moving as well right on the real estate side. The one thing I would say, a little bit of anecdote, while there has not been a change in the rate of runoff in our consumer book, it does kind of seem logical that, that's going to  begin to moderate, right? Because for example, we've been doing $100 million of auto loans a month for a long time now, and net book is hovering around $2.5 billion, right? And so it seems pretty logical that the runoff we've seeing steadily, should start to abate in the next couple of quarters, right? So I think loan growth, actually looks pretty decent.
Matthew O'Connor: And then just lastly, the change in the TDR accounting, was that meaningful? Have you disclosed what your TDRs are and what they've, might as well...
René F. Jones: We do -- yes, I don't have the number for you, because it will be in the call report when it comes out. But there really wasn't much of any change, maybe 1 or 2 loans. But really, the way to think about is that the new TDR guidance was, in our minds, more of a clarification of the existing standards. And so we did go through and we reviewed some of the loans and, really, there was no change to us. But you'll see that those numbers in the call report when it comes out.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Steven Alexopoulos of JPMorgan.
Steven A. Alexopoulos: The reinvestment rate on securities you referenced earlier seems to be higher than a lot of other banks out there. Even Comerica this morning said they were investing in like a $180 million to $240 million range, although you said you were at $320 million to $340 million. Can you talk about, one, what duration securities you're buying to get that kind of yield? And two, are you taking the view that if rates stay lower for longer, it's a window, here to take more duration risk?
René F. Jones: I think, you must -- I mean, I think to get a rate what you're talking about, the bond treasuries, the other parties must be buying something like treasuries or something, but they're just mortgage-related Fannie and Freddie securities. So the duration, which I want to get for you now, but I mean in our securities book, has always been around 2, maybe hundred 230, I'm just thinking off the top of my head. And I wouldn't expect that, that's going to change significantly. We are buying, the mortgages we're retaining, we just bring in the mortgages into that number. Some 15, some 30. But again, the position can take it. Because overall, the position, in terms of duration, is pretty small. I'll find that for you in a minute.
Steven A. Alexopoulos: So Rene, we should we think about bottom end of the securities yield [ph] that are in that 320, 340 range from the 365 this quarter?
René F. Jones: Well, our treasurer is very, a very cautious guy in the sense that he doesn't like to book stuff at really, really low yields. So we've been waiting and unfortunately, the rates just keep going lower and lower. So anytime we see an opportunity where something steps up a little bit, we'll get into the market of it. But it's why we've been cautious, and we really haven't made a dent in the level of securities versus earning assets today.
Steven A. Alexopoulos: While you're looking for that, how much of the...
René F. Jones: Yes, the duration of our securities portfolio is 2.23. And I think that might go up to something like 280 when you bring in the mortgages, as well, or 2.8, I should say.
Steven A. Alexopoulos: Rene, on the $80 million that Wilmington cost saves, how much of that should we expect to be realized in 4Q, and how much is 2012?
René F. Jones: I think you'll see a meaningful impact next quarter. And then, I think it'll come down a bit, and then you'll see another impact close to second quarter because of the trust conversions that are taking place somewhere in that timeframe, all right? So it will be 2 levels, but I think, a lot of -- you'll see a meaningful impact probably this coming quarter, and then kind of business [ph] .
Steven A. Alexopoulos: Too aggressive to assume that you get half the cost saves in the fourth quarter?
René F. Jones: No, it's not too aggressive to assume that we -- whether you see it or not, but assuming there at the end of 12/31, you should see a meaningful. We should have done a lot of meaningful work by 12/31.
Steven A. Alexopoulos: And then just one final question, are you now originating loans out of the Wilmington footprint, or is that portfolio a bit of a drag here?
René F. Jones: We definitely are originating loans in there. We spent a little bit of time talking to investors on the road with Woody Collins. And we spent most of our time in the first part of the deal just sort of engaging the employees and the RMs and getting out with them to the client base. So I think we've done a very, very nice job of that. We were sort of -- the loan book was in a bit of runoff mode for a fairly long time. And we think we see signs of that particular thing slowing. It's just going to take a little bit of time, but that's sort of out there in the M&T way, which tends to be in front of the clients quite a bit. And from everything I hear, that's going pretty well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Clark of KBW.
Matthew T. Clark: On the -- A quick question about the Basel III Tier 1 comment, can you give us an estimate of the Tier 1 common post Basel III adjustments and whether or not that number considers your non-investment grade securitizations.
René F. Jones: No. I assume when they come out with the actual rule that the U.S. rule, then we'll go to the calculation, But we haven't spent much time on it at all, because if you think about it, yes, maybe you get a little bit on the resi's but that's sort of fixable. And If anything is non-investment grade, you're already getting tax for it, right? On dollar for dollar in most cases, right? So that's in there. And then the other issue that are sort of bantering [ph] around are the whole unrealized losses. And you know, in my sense, we'll have to wait and see what comes out with that. We're not above the mortgage servicing rights piece, we're probably right about at the limit when you take -- if it turns out that the rule ends up being with the MSRs, the equity and the mortgage  -- and the deferred taxes were probably right about at the limits. We haven't done much with it today, and I can't see it being an issue for us.
Matthew T. Clark: Are you guys -- I guess can you quantify your non-investment grade securitizations and whether or not you guys will try to work down that exposure in the meantime?
René F. Jones: Well, somewhere, we might have that for you, but we probably have it somewhere here in the securities book. It is the queue, so it hasn't changed much. Remember, as we kind of went through and thought about repositioning our balance sheet, it didn't make any economic sense to sell those securities because there's just too much of a liquidity difference in there. So we went out and looked at places where we were modeling our securities. And the market was willing to give us more than our models actually suggested was value there. In the case of those securities, it doesn't make economic sense for us to move them. So if something comes up that suggests in the new capital rules that it makes sense to do it, I'll be surprised if there is something, then we'll think about it then.
Matthew T. Clark: Okay and then just lastly, in terms of the first Niagara HSBC branch deal in upstate New York, and I guess along those lines, you talked about the growth buy, product type, but just curious about some of your submarkets where you saw maybe more of the outside growth and maybe some shrinkage? And again, any follow-up commentary about the HSBC deal that's going down?
René F. Jones: Yes, sure. The 2 strongest -- if you think about loans for a minute. The 2 strongest markets that we saw on loans, in upstate New York, and in the metro area, which serves anything from Tarrytown to New York City down to Philadelphia, those were the 2 strongest. Upstate New York was 4% annualized growth and metro was the same. And was really nice about upstate New York and this sort of stretches from Buffalo all the way through to Albany, is there were just a lot of -- there's a lot activity and a lot of activity in different industries. So we seem to be doing very well in being able to sort of pick up customers. I'm presuming that maybe some of it is also sort of pick up in general activity. But that's faired very well. If you kind of just move away for a second, I'm kind of indirectly answering your question around the upstate markets. We were down about 7% in the mid-Atlantic. Most of that was the fact that in the second quarter, we did a number of syndications. Right? So you saw high commercial fees in the second quarter. So a lot of that came from syndication of loans, and so the average balance effect is kind of in here today. And then if you kind of flip over to the deposit side, we had 2% annualized growth in upstate New York, but more importantly, we had 20 -- almost 22% annualized growth in demand deposits in upstate New York and that came from every area we're growing consumer accounts. In upstate New York, we've taken on a number of commercial accounts, so we feel very good about that. Metro was flat, PA was up at 8% annualized, Mid Atlantic was up 3%. And if you look at just demand deposits, we seem to be doing a nice job in western New York. So we're pretty optimistic about what's going on, we've been here for a very long time and we've been very consistent at the way we operate, so we think that should be a nice benefit to us from all that's going on there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Gerard S. Cassidy: Coming back to the efficiency ratio that you talked about where you guys were last year and having a goal of getting back to the mid-50s, is the efficiency ratio maybe permanently changed now that you have a higher component of the trust business, which has historically run at higher efficiency ratios?
René F. Jones: A couple of things. One, I don't know that it's all that meaningful. It's a nice big business, but it's still not the biggest part of where our income comes from. And I think over time, what I like about that business is that we just, think of it from the Wilmington side, we've taken what  they've been able to do really, really well in the Delaware footprint and in some parts of Philly and Pennsylvania and we now are actually able to extend that to our existing footprint, right? And the way in which that actually happen, I think over time we'll find some ways so the Wilmington folks will now have an opportunity to maybe a little more efficient than they were. Just because you're doing all of that, you're extending those services to existing clients, so that's 1. But generally speaking, Gerard, the biggest issue is that our business model has now been changed. It's changing or has been changed for either way you want to look at it. So our task is the kind of go out there and figure out exactly how we're going to deal with the fee issues that we've all seen and in some part of that issue, it's going to being focusing on the revenue side, but it also means that a lot of the way we think about our expenses and our distribution are going to have to change over time. So that's sort of a long way to say that like, no, I don't think it's permanently changed. I think there's going to be a lot of energy around keeping that efficiency ratio close or near to where we've been historically simply because in the broader context of things, it's relatively consolidating industry, and we think if you can't run very efficiently then that's probably not a good thing down the road.
Gerard S. Cassidy: I totally agree with you. Do you think once you get the cost savings out of Wilmington, of course, that you guys are expecting. And obviously, if my math was correct, I don't think you get down into that mid 50% efficiency ratio. So to get there, will it come more from revenue enhancements or just a continued focus on the cost controls?
René F. Jones: Yes, I think, you're right. If can do some math which you guys can do, and you come up with where you end up with Wilmington, you don't get down to 54%, 55%, if you think of discussion[ph] . Because a lot of things are gone, right? But that doesn't mean that we won't, over time, figure out ways to get some of those back so that we can get our customers to pay for the services or that it will right size it. This will take some time for the industry to do that. The way I think about it is, we focus for a very long time on trying to be the best bank we can for investors but also for our communities. And to the extent that we continue to offer services and products that they value, then we should be able to sort of operate the bank the way we always have. We're in a little bit of a period of disruption, but I think there were banks a thousand years ago, there'll be banks a thousand years from now, hopefully, we'll be one of them.
Gerard S. Cassidy: On the assets under management, I think he gave a breakout on the answering to the question about the Wilmington percentages. And I think, if I heard correctly, you said about 21% of their business was in cash, money market, mutual funds. Some of the bigger trust banks have given us the dollar amount of fee waivers of what they're losing today because of the low rate environment. And of course, once rate starts to rise at some point in the future, these fees will come right to the bottom line. Do you guys have an estimate of what you're giving up in fees for fee waivers on that money market, mutual fund side of the business?
René F. Jones: Someone's handing a copy of our Q right now. I'm being told that it's in there. But why don't we just do that, and we'll make sure we keep publishing that in our Q, and if you'd like, Don can tell you where it is, you just give him a ring.
Gerard S. Cassidy: Sure. And then finally on the increase on the credit issue for the impaired acquired loans that you broke out this quarter, where did it come from, what types of loans, and was it a surprise that it jumped up the way it did. Is it mostly Wilmington loans or was there other loans that drove her from prior acquisitions?
René F. Jones: Yes, I think the numbers it are something like -- the increase in that category, something like $76 million, $79 million was from Wilmington. So the way you think about that is, there were some loans in our system, it's a 15-grade system. So when you get to 13, you're nonperforming, if you're not an acquired loan. So anything that was deemed to be 13 or an impaired loan of acquisition, we put in the SOP. Then we assume, as we kind of look at all those sorts of other loan, that we're going to -- some percentage of them is going to migrate to us, right? And that's how we come up with our mark. So no surprises. And in fact, what you would see is as long as loans are rolling into that category, what it means is that the total pool, that the loan is, is still accruing according to the cash close that we originally thought. And that's why I can't get into the nonaccrual loans because, even though it's impaired, it's being viewed as accruing because it's in a pool where the cash flows are exactly as we expected.
Gerard S. Cassidy: And you mentioned that this loan number could -- or this portion could rise a further in the near term? Near term, meaning, just next quarter or next 2 quarters?
René F. Jones: Yes, I mean, I guess, I wouldn't be surprised to see it rise next quarter and maybe into the first quarter before it starts leveling off. Just in terms of -- you think about what that book is, right? You'll still see a little bit of migration continue to happen for a couple of quarters. The same thing will happen -- the same thing happened in Provident if you kind of go back at your notes, but it was much smaller, right?
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Collyn Gilbert of Stifel Nicolaus.
Collyn Bement Gilbert: Just a question, I know you've been beating to death on this expense issue. Maybe not a menu-sha [ph] question but kind of bigger picture, and you sort of touch on in your comments about, if the business changes, sort of thinking, rethinking about distribution. But, what -- are there ways or do you see sort of definitive opportunities within your business, Wilmington Trust business, whether it's processes or systems, other branch at work where kind of over a longer term, if we see revenue pressure continue at this level that you guys would be able to bring costs down, or change the way you're doing business?
René F. Jones: Well, I definitely think that we have a lot of ability to change it. And again, we think about Collyn, and it's almost 62% efficiency ratio. It's a bit of an aberration, right? So I'm pretty confident that as the things that we're talking about doing and testing out, we've probably gone slower than those other individuals, other banks I should say, and in this sense because we'd like to watch and see, we're very focused on the customer, what matters to them. But over time, yeah, absolutely, I don't see any reason why we shouldn't be able to adapt our business model to the new rules and the new environment.
Collyn Bement Gilbert: Okay, but there's nothing that's being discussed specifically right now within the boardroom in the executive level that you could see implemented over the next 6 to 12 months?
René F. Jones: Yes, I mean, what you'll see over the next 6 to 12 months is you'll see new product launches, you'll see new versions of our checking accounts and you'll see all of that stuff. So yes, absolutely. Just talking about and speculating about the details today over that doesn't make much sense, but we're talking about it all the time. So stay tuned, I guess, is what I'd say.
Operator: I'll now turn the call over to Mr. Don MacLeod for any closing remarks.
Donald J. MacLeod: Thank you, everybody for participating in today's call. And if there are any questions or any further clarifications of news release as necessary, please contact our investor relations department at (716) 842-5138. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, this concludes your conference, you may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-20 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Melissa, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the M&T Bank Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Don MacLeod, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Donald MacLeod: Thank you, Melissa, and good morning. This is Don MacLeod. I would like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's second quarter 2011 earnings conference call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release that we issued this morning, you may access it, along with the financial tables and schedules, from our website, www.mtb.com, and by clicking on the Investor Relations link. Also before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on Forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now I would like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, René Jones.
René Jones: Thank you, Don, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. As you know, the recent quarter was an eventful one for M&T. A few items worth noting, specifically, were the closing of the merger with Wilmington Trust, a purchase of Wilmington Trust TARP preferred stock from the U.S. Treasury immediately prior to the closing, the future, further repositioning of M&T's balance sheet in connection with the merger, our issuance of $500 million of perpetual preferred stock and our action to retire $370 million of M&T's own TARP preferred stock. I'll cover the highlights from the earnings release, as well as the impact from these items. And then I'll take your questions. Turning to the specific numbers, for the second quarter of 2011, diluted earnings per common share were $2.42, up from $1.59 in the prior quarter and up 66% from $1.46 in last year's second quarter. Net income for the recent quarter was $322 million compared with $206 million in the linked quarter and $189 million in last year's second quarter. Completion of the merger with Wilmington Trust during the quarter resulted in a net after-tax gain of $42 million or $0.33 per common share. The net gain is comprised of a non-taxable gain of $65 million, which was partially offset by after-tax merger-related expenses of $23 million. M&T's results for the first quarter of 2011 included $3 million of after-tax merger-related expenses amounting to $0.02 per share. We expect additional merger-related expenses will be incurred in the third and fourth quarters of 2011. There were no merger-related expenses in the year-ago quarter. Results for the recent quarter included $51 million of net after-tax securities gains amounting to $0.41 per common share. These net gains were the result of our continued program to reposition the balance sheet so as to enhance both capital ratios and the liquidity profile of the combined M&T and Wilmington Trust. During the second quarter, we sold securities with an aggregate book value of $1.2 billion, including just over $1 billion of agency MBS and some $200 million of credit-sensitive trust-preferred securities and trust-preferred CDOs. Gains from these sales were partially offset by other-than-temporary impairment charges in our portfolio of private label MBS. Net after-tax security gains in this year's first quarter were $14 million or $0.12 per common share. To partially replace the securities that were sold, we purchased $1.2 billion of lower risk-weighted Ginnie Mae pass-throughs during the recent quarter. While we have completed our sale of securities, the reinvestment into lower risk-weighted assets will likely extend into this year's third quarter. Also included in our GAAP earnings for this year's second quarter was the after-tax expense from the amortization of intangible assets amounting to $9 million or $0.07 per common share. This compares with $7 million or $0.06 per common share in the linked quarter and $9 million or $0.07 per common share in the year-ago quarter. Net operating income, which excludes the amortization of intangibles, as well as merger-related items I mentioned, was $289 million or $2.16 per common share for the second quarter of 2011, compared with $216 million or $1.67 per common share in the linked quarter and $198 million or $1.53 per common share in last year's second quarter. As previously noted, immediately prior to the closing of the merger, we purchased $330 million of Wilmington Trust TARP preferred stock that had been issued to the U.S. Treasury Department. That stock was then retired through the consummation of the merger. In addition, we retired $370 million of TARP preferred stock that M&T had issued to the Treasury Department. This purchase resulted in the partial acceleration of the amortization of the discount on that preferred stock, which was reflected as a net after-tax $9 million decrease to our net income available to common shareholders. Lastly, we issued $500 million of non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock during this quarter. This issue has a fixed 6.875% non-cumulative dividend. It's called to at par in 5 years, and also has a regulatory event call at par as well, should it no longer qualify as Tier 1 capital. This issue also had a minimal impact on M&T's results for the recent quarter. As under GAAP, dividends for this stock are recorded when declared. In accordance with the guidelines, this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results including tangible assets and equity. The annualized return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders' equity was 1.69% and 24.4% for the recent quarter compared with 1.36% and 20.16% in the first quarter of 2011. Excluding the net securities gains from both periods, return on average on tangible assets was 1.39%, and the return on tangible equity was 19.75% in the second quarter of 2011. Those ratios were 1.27% and 18.75%, respectively, in the prior quarter. Next, I'd like to cover a few highlights from the balance sheet and the income statement. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $593 million for the second quarter of 2011, up 3% from $575 million in the first quarter of 2011, primarily reflecting the impact of the Wilmington Trust merger. While net interest income was in line with our expectations, the net interest margin was a bit lower due to higher amounts of cash held at the Fed or in resale agreements, which collateralized our municipal deposits. The net interest margin was 3.75% during the second quarter compared with 3.92% in the sequential quarter. Lower levels of prepayment penalties, cash basis, interest and loan fees accounted for 4 basis points of the decline. The high level of cash held at the Fed and invested in resale agreements accounted for some 8 basis points of the decline. Our ability to deploy these balances into higher-yielding investments over the near term could help mitigate this impact in the second half of 2011. The remaining impact from the Wilmington Trust merger, excluding its contribution to the higher cash balances I just mentioned, was approximately 4 basis points. Finally, the day count of 91 days in the second quarter versus 90 days in the linked quarter accounted for approximately 1 basis point of the decline. As for the balance sheet, average loans for the second quarter increased by approximately $3.5 billion to $55.5 billion as compared with this year's first quarter, reflecting the partial quarter impact of the Wilmington Trust acquisition. Loan growth, excluding Wilmington Trust, was 2% annualized as compared to the first quarter. On the same, on that same basis, commercial & industrial loans grew by an annualized 9%. This reflects somewhat lower demand by auto dealers to finance inventory, but 10% annualized growth in all other C&I categories. Commercial real-estate loans declined an annualized 1% and consumer loans declined an annualized 4%, reflecting a lower level of indirect auto loans, as well as weak demand for home equity lines. Residential real estate loans grew an annualized 13%. M&T continued to see strong growth in deposits during the second quarter. Average core deposits, excluding the impact from Wilmington Trust, were up $1.2 billion or 10% annualized. About half of that increase was in non-interest-bearing demand deposits. At June 30, 2011, M&T's as-at balance sheet included almost $2.7 billion of cash held at the Fed or in other short-term assets. Non-interest -- turning to net non-interest income, non-interest income was $502 million for the second quarter of 2011 compared with $314 million in the linked quarter. Excluding net securities gains and losses in both periods, the second quarter's $65 million -- and the second quarter's $65 million gain from Wilmington Trust acquisition, non-interest income was $353 million for the recent quarter, compared with $291 million in the first quarter. Service charges on deposit accounts were $120 million during the recent quarter compared with $110 million in the linked quarter. Just over half the improvement was the result of a return to normal levels of activity from the seasonal decline in debit card interchange and NSF fees experienced during the first quarter. The remainder of the improvement was attributable to the merger. Trust income was $76 million during the recent quarter. Now the increase from $29 million in the linked quarter was substantially all attributable to the Wilmington Trust merger. Mortgage banking fees were $42 million for the second quarter, down from $45 million in the linked quarter. The merger had no material impact on mortgage banking revenues in the second quarter. I should also note that as of July 1, we began to retain our in-footprint conforming mortgage production again. Turning to expenses, excluding merger-related expenses and amortization of intangible assets, operating expenses were $525 million for the second quarter, compared with $483 million in the first quarter of 2011. The increase is attributable to the impact from the merger, partially offset by lower levels of compensation expense, which would return to more normal levels following the first quarter's seasonally high expenses relating to annual incentive -- the annual incentive compensation cycle. In total, expenses were well controlled. The efficiency ratio, which excludes securities gains and losses as well as intangible amortization and merger-related gains or losses, was 55.6% for the second quarter compared with 55.8% in the first quarter of 2011. Next, let's turn to credit. Overall, credit trends continued to show improvement. Nonaccrual loans increased to $1.26 billion as of June 30 from $1.21 billion as of March 31. The increase entirely relates to some $77 million of nonaccrual of Wilmington Trust loans acquired through the merger. These loans represent commercial revolving lines of credit to builders and developers, and which are being managed by our work-out group with M&T. Because of their structure, because of their structure as evolving loans, they are counted -- they are not accounted for as purchased impaired loans under GAAP. However, because they are acquired loans, they do have fair value marks applied to them. Beyond these acquired loans, nonaccrual loans declined during the second quarter. Nonaccrual loans, as a percentage of total loans, were 2.15% at the end of the recent quarter, improved from 2.32% at the end of March. This reflects the addition of the Wilmington Trust Loan portfolio, including fair value marks to total loans. Other nonperforming assets, consisting of assets taken in foreclosure of defaulted loans were $159 million as of the end of the second quarter, down from $218 million as of the end of the first quarter. The improvement reflects the sale of our largest ORE property with a carrying value of $99 million during the second quarter, partially offset by the addition of $57 million of ORE properties acquired through the merger and which were also recorded at fair value. Net charge-offs for the second quarter were $59 million, improved from $74 million in the first quarter of 2011. The net charge-offs, as a percentage of total loans, were 43 basis points, down from 58 basis points in the linked quarter. The Provision for credit losses were $63 million in the second quarter, compared with $75 million in the linked quarter. The provision exceeded charge-offs by $4 million. And as a result, the allowance for loan losses increased to $908 million as of the end of the second quarter. The ratio of allowance to credit losses to legacy M&T loans, which excludes acquired loans, was 1.80%, down slightly from 1.81% at the end of the linked quarter. The loan loss allowance as of June 30, 2011 was 3.8x annualized net charge-offs for the recent quarter. Loans past due 90 days or more, but still accruing, were $373 million at the end of the recent quarter. Of these loans, 207 are guaranteed by government-related -- $207 million are guaranteed by government-related entities. Included in past due loans were $130 million of loans obtained in the Wilmington Trust merger. Loans past due 90 days or more were $264 million at the end of the linked quarter, of which $215 million were guaranteed by government-related entities. Finally, while we'll publish the final level of criticized loans in our 10-Q filing, we anticipate that we'll report an improvement from the levels that existed at the end of the first quarter. Turning to capital, as we targeted it at that time of the merger announcement last fall, M&T's capital ratios at the end of the second quarter met or exceeded those that existed at September 30, 2010 before the Wilmington Trust merger was announced. M&T's tangible common equity ratio was 6.28% at the end of the second quarter, down from 6.44% at the end of the linked quarter as a result of the merger. The ratio is up 9 basis points from 6.19% as of the end of 2010 and up 53 basis points from 5.75% at June 30, 2010. Our estimate of Tier 1 -- of the Tier 1 common ratio as of June 30 is 6.66%, also down from 6.78% as of March 31, but up 15 basis points from the end of last year, and up 51 basis points from the 6.15% at the end of last year's second quarter. Tangible book value per share was $37 per share at the end of the recent quarter, up 8% from $34.38 at the end of the linked quarter, and up 19% from $31.15 at the end of the year-earlier quarter. Turning to our outlook, despite all the noise in the quarter relating to the merger, the balance sheet repositioning and the capital action, we were encouraged by most of the underlying trend. Credit continues to improve as evidenced by the declines in nonperforming assets and charge-offs. Commercial loan demand is good considering the overall state of the economy. That said, consumers continue to delever as reflected in the continued tepid demand for home equity products and by flows into deposit products. I'd also note that following the merger, we now have a larger portfolio of loans, primarily construction loans, that will be considered in our runoff portfolio. As I noted earlier, the decline in the printed net interest margin doesn't reflect lower levels of income, so much as the expected margin pressure from Wilmington Trust loan portfolio in addition to the excess liquidity that we have to deploy. As we invest some portion of the cash over to Fed into additional investment securities over the coming quarters, it should serve to somewhat a -- serve somewhat as a means of offset to the expected full quarter impact from Wilmington Trust. All in, we'd expect our net interest margin for the coming quarters to be slightly lower than the second quarter margin of 3.75%. The bulk of the expense synergies arising from the merger are still to be realized, with our loan and deposit conversions yet to have occurred. However, the merger was still slightly accretive to net operating earnings per share in the second quarter. Of course, all of these projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national, regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events and other macroeconomic factors, which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. We'll now open up the call to questions. Before which, Melissa will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Erika Penala of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
L. Erika Penala: Are you still targeting about $80 million in cost saves for Wilmington Trust? And I apologize if you mentioned this in your prepared remarks.
René Jones: We haven't changed anything from our initial announcement. I think we said that we're targeting 15% cost saves, and we would get the full run rate of those saves by the end of 2012. So we still have the same assumption.
L. Erika Penala: And I just wanted to clarify what you were mentioning with regards to the purchase impaired loans. You couldn't put that through purchase accounting, but the fair value mark is the credit mark, and you couldn't put it through purchase accounting because of the revolver structure so there isn't an interest rate mark. Is that what that was or?
René Jones: Well, no. A couple of things. There is an interest rate mark. So the way you think about it is you take a look at the loan portfolio in all of the exposure, and you determine what the fair value is. And then for those loans that are classified as nonperforming, in today's vernacular, they would be purchased impaired loans, and they would be put into a separate category. The only exception that we have there is that for revolving lines of credit tied to a loan in work out, you're not allowed to include those in those categories. So the treatment is exactly the same, right? So they're just not eligible for SOP 03-3.
L. Erika Penala: Got it. And I appreciate the guidance on the overall NIM. But could you give us a sense in terms of what you're seeing with regards to potential pricing competition in your -- in C&I and internal commercial real-estate?
René Jones: Yes. So when you -- the short answer is not much has changed. If I look at the volume of what came to our committee this quarter, interestingly enough, it was at slightly higher margins than last quarter. But that probably doesn't change the overall trend that we've seen over the past quarters as institutions have gotten healthy. And as loan demand has remained weak, pricing is pretty competitive. So when you look at like sort of a time series of the margins we were booking over time, you definitely see sort of a downward pressure. Early on, we've said that, that was with banks that had a lot of liquidity that were smaller. But today, I think you see it across just most of the competition. I'm thinking in Pennsylvania, we seem to see some interesting pricing from 2 different types of banks, those that have a lot of liquidity and actually those that normally don't. But I think today -- in today's position, like us now, are carrying large amounts of cash that are uninvested because people keep not investing and actually are building up cash balances.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Zerbe of Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe: I guess, probably just the easy one for you, just on TARP. If you could just address what your plans or how you're thinking about the remaining piece versus the partial repayment you've already done and kind of how those reconcile?
René Jones: Yes, I mean, I thought was that from the transaction we did in the second quarter, obviously, a lot of moving pieces. But what I thought is that we would pay the remaining part in due course. And generally, the way we think about it is that we wanted to be able to generate, use our earnings generation and over a period of time, we'll be able to pay it off. We don't have a long time horizon for it, but we'd have to go back and go through that process to make the remaining payment. So I can't really articulate on the timeframe, but it's -- we're not looking way out there. Our intention is to retire the TARP in the near term.
Ken Zerbe: Okay, okay. Understood. And then just a question on the resi mortgage portfolio that you're retaining, your originated portfolio again. Can you maybe walk us through what kind of spreads you're getting on that? I mean, I guess, I'm just thinking, comparing or looking at some of the thrifts, which are still not willing to write resi, why are you guys more willing to do so when -- just given where mortgage rates are right now?
René Jones: Yes, Sure. Well, I mean, it's a good question. I guess, if you'd just -- it's a really fundamental thing for us, right? So if you look at all the securities that we could buy, we're very low on securities. In fact, I think if you look at securities across our peer banks, we might be among, if not the lowest, in terms of security as a percentage of assets. So we're very asset sensitive, and it's our intention to sort of not let that asset sensitivity to expand a lot more. Maybe we want to reduce it a little bit. And if you think about what we could buy, most of the securities have a mortgage component to them, right? So at the end of the day, our thought process is it's just more efficient to buy -- to retain our own rather than paying a transaction fee for somebody else's fixed-rate assets. It's just as simple as that. Intuitively, they're all coming from the market, so they should be priced appropriately minus the guarantees so.
Ken Zerbe: And do you guys have any targets for how much you want to retain this round?
René Jones: No. We'll retain a fair amount of our production. Think about it this way, Ken. I think we had $300 million of core loan growth this quarter, and we had $1.1 billion or $1.2 billion of deposit growth. So if I gave you a number, I'd have to give you new number, right? There's a need for fixed-rate assets just to manage the risk position.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Kenneth Usdin: René, could you just probably break us -- break out like you did for the fees, the added expenses from the Wilmington side?
René Jones: I wish I could. The fees are a lot easier because you're just pulling over their GL. But I can tell you what, I can give you an estimate of what I think M&T's core expenses is, it's probably the easier thing. But remember, a lot of Wilmington expense is associated with people that we've hired to do the operations and all the things that are in M&T's thought centers. But give me a second, and I can probably give you a view. One second. It's pretty hard to do. I would guess, if I looked at it -- I would say if you look at overall expenses for M&T, they were down about $10 million quarter linked quarter-over-quarter.
Kenneth Usdin: Okay. And that's typical for M&T because you usually have that high FICA balance in the first?
René Jones: That's right. Yes, on the compensation side.
Kenneth Usdin: Because, I mean, if I just look at it, it looks like the Wilmington expense base is already coming on at a much lower run rate than it was pre-merger. And I just don't -- I wanted to make sure that I'm not double counting expense saves versus what your -- what's already kind of gone from the company.
René Jones: No, M&T expenses are down. M&T's expenses are down linked quarter, and it's a little difficult to tell you exactly how much. For example, the comp is down like $21 million on the linked-quarter basis, just excluding Wilmington.
Kenneth Usdin: Okay, right. So what I'm asking is that it seems like the Wilmington -- then, if I just do that math and exclude the merger charges, the Wilmington add run rate looks to be a lot smaller than it was a couple of quarters ago pre-merger. And would you consider that as part of cost saves when you think about that 15% total?
René Jones: No. I mean, we haven't gotten much, if any, cost saves to date. And remember, it also gets confusing because you've -- we bought it on May 16, right? What they took on their books in the first 45 days versus what we took at 50, it's a hard estimate to make. So I think the best way to think about it is, we have very little cost saves in the numbers today. All we've done is on a legal merger.
Kenneth Usdin: Okay. So whatever you -- okay. so from today's base, the cost saves would still come from here, yes?
René Jones: Yes.
Kenneth Usdin: Okay, great. And then my second question is just about -- can you walk us through -- you've got the recapture the DTA and GAAP so that helped on the TCE side. Did you -- were you able to recapture any of the Wilmington DTA in Tier 1 common? And can you just kind of talk us through how that will roll in over time?
René Jones: Yes. Yes, sure. I mean, so at the deal, we had -- I don't know, about $180 million to $200 million when we announced our deal Wilmington had of deferred tax that they couldn't use. And that expanded up to about $292 million by the time we closed the deal. We could use all of that for GAAP purposes as you kind of mentioned because M&T's earnings were so strong, and we were able to use it. We disallowed about a little more than $130 million related to the deferred taxes created by Wilmington, also created by the deal. So that amount would be something that, to the extent that we remain profitable over the course of the year, as you roll, you would be able, eventually, to realize that. But you just can't do it out of the gate because the regulators limit you to a one year -- 12-month look forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Alexopoulos of JP Morgan.
Steven Alexopoulos: Maybe I'll start. What was the amount of discount accretion included in the second quarter net interest income from Wilmington? And how should we think about our run rate there?
René Jones: Discount accretion. This is the accretable yield issue, I think?
Steven Alexopoulos: Yes, yes.
René Jones: Okay. I'll tell you the way think about it. So you've always had this issue, right? You mark the assets and then you've got to take the mark back in to the yield. The way we think about it at M&T and the way we've been doing our marks is that we try to keep our very conservative -- consistent conversative culture on the credit side, right? So we think when we give the credit mark, we're focusing on keeping that solely around credit. We think it's a pretty conservative way to do it, and it's actually, the people doing it are the same people who are underwriting M&T loans, right? So then when we come back to looking at the yields on those acquired assets, essentially, they should be pretty close to what we could -- what M&T could generate a yield on any particular asset category today, right? The only adjustment would be that if it's depending on the credit nature, the credit grade of the loan. So for us, you're not getting a lot of yield inflation, right, beyond what it would cost you to have booked an M&T loan in a particular category on May 16. And I kind of give it to you that way because when I look at the yields, I look at them almost as purely -- pure M&T yield. Said another way, what we do is we exclude all the cash flows that are not going to get collected, and then we treat the remainder of the loan as close to cash and as cash payments as we can.
Steven Alexopoulos: Well, René, when you brought over the Wilmington book, you brought it over below book value, right? And there's a discount there that's getting added to the margin every quarter. You're just saying it's not a material amount?
René Jones: Yes. We're only accreting what we expect to collect, all right? So the big adjustment on the mark was the credit mark on uncollectible funds, right?
Steven Alexopoulos: Yes, but I guess, if these loans pay off, right, you're going to have gains running through the margin?
René Jones: If the loan were to pay off -- no, no, no. If the loan were to pay off because of credit on the credit portion, that's an adjustment to the -- we don't -- okay, so we...
Steven Alexopoulos: You don't expect your loans to pay off?
René Jones: Well, the ones that we marked down, we don't expect. But we've made that adjustment. Then we take the remainder, right? And what we're using as a yield is basically as if it's a cleanse loan, right? A loan that M&T would be willing to generate that has been stripped of its known credit risk, right? So you're accreting it back in, but it's -- you're asking me, it's almost like asking me, "What's the yield on an M&T loan that I made yesterday?"
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. I guess maybe we'll readdress it in coming quarters.
René Jones: If you -- how do I say this? It would matter a lot. It's not a bad question, it's a good question, Steve. If you were to say that you were putting in a really large discount rate when you mark an interest rate mark on the loan, right? You would be -- you would have a yield that would be significantly higher, right? What I'm saying is that on the way that we're looking at it, we're not inflating our yield significantly beyond what you could make the loan for today.
Steven Alexopoulos: Got you. Okay. René, on the expenses, I just want to make sure I have the dollars right. Can you just point out what the dollars of cost saves you're looking for from this point forward out of Wilmington? And I know you said you expect to realize it by the end of '12, but do you expect any of that to get saved this year?
René Jones: Yes. Before we end the call, I'll give you that number.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. And maybe just one final one, do you have an estimate of the merger costs, what they're going to look like for the rest of the year?
René Jones: Yes. Well, it's hard to see. What we said in the upfront, the thing hasn't changed. We said $159 million, but that's kind of mix between marks, I think. Some of the stuff was marked and some is in merger. I can tell you that I would guess that the second -- the first quarter -- I'm sorry, the third quarter would look a lot like the second, and that we would have an amount in the fourth quarter. I'm not quite so sure about that, right.?I mean, in my mind, it's going to be equal portions as we work our way through this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pancari of Evercore Partners.
John Pancari: In terms of the timing of the reinvestment of liquidity into the securities portfolio, just wanted to see if you can give an idea about -- if you could talk about your plans there and how we should think about that reinvesting over the next few quarters? And then also, are you factoring in retention of 1 to 4 family, and funneling some of that liquidity into that effort there when you're talking about that reinvestment?
René Jones: Well, sure, John. I mean, we said that we're going to be -- we'll look at the whole discretionary portfolio. We're going to be retaining mortgages. It's hard for me right now to tell you what that volume might be. But $400 million a quarter, $500 million, somewhere in that range. And then on the securities purchases, you're not going to see anything drastic, but I do think that you probably would have more of a consistent purchase of securities over time each quarter than we've seen in the past, right? So I think on average, our securities book was down $1 billion from the first to the second quarter. I would expect that to change a bit and head in the other direction. So we won't see anything drastic, but we'll probably do it fairly consistently. And you'll see that as you look at the queue, you'll see our interest rate profile just keeps moving to the asset sensitivity, and we need to sort of slow that down.
John Pancari: Right. And on that note, can you give us the updated duration for your security's portfolio post the deal?
René Jones: Yes, the securities portfolio is 2.7, I believe, is the duration, and that's just slightly higher than maybe what it is historically, 2.5. And then if you bring in the -- we look at it by putting in the mortgages as well. So that 2.7 goes up to 3.5 if you include the $5 billion of resi mortgages that we have.
John Pancari: Okay. And then lastly, can you just talk a little bit about loan demand, what you're seeing by way of commitments growth and then bond utilization on the commercial side?
René Jones: Yes, I can. We've seen -- as you've seen in the numbers, the C&I growth has been respectable. And as we kind of look back to the pipeline over the last -- since February, so last 5 months, there has been an uptick in 4 out of those 5 months in the sort of the pipeline of loans that are going to come to committee or are going to go through committee and be booked. So it's pretty steady in terms of C&I growth. I think that real estate is -- it seems slow, but I would caution you on that because there's still a lot of pay downs, right? And we've got loans that we're working out. Also in the quarter, we had a number of participation outs, sort of credits that were in the process of being participated or syndicated. So there's probably very modest growth in C&I and the underlying trends in our numbers. And then as you look to the consumer side, I mean, it's just steady. I can't tell you how many quarters, it's probably 8 or more, where we've had a steady decline with the consumer deleveraging. And as I look around the footprint, the Mid-Atlantic this quarter was a little -- was actually down, I think, it had to do with syndications and maybe a little bit weaker loan growth. But other than that, the trend is pretty consistent across the board. Actually, one of the best performers for us, I think, in loan growth, I believe, is Western New York, which tells you a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marty Mosby of Guggenheim Partners.
Marty Mosby: I wanted to ask you about the capital ratios that we have improved and gotten to the goals that we were looking for. And you can almost look at these unusual items, the net gain from the acquisition, as well as the security gains as almost like $100 million capital issuance. Do we need to -- I mean, at this point, we've probably accumulated enough capital. What's your thought in the sense of now getting out of what's left of TARP without any incremental capital issuance?
René Jones: Thanks, Marty. I mean, I like what we've been able to do. You mentioned that the 2 items, obviously, that makes a difference to the gain on Wilmington. And I point out that even without the securities gains, we still would have been on target to what we assume. We're actually some 20-some -- 22 basis points or more over. So with that attributed to just sort of the health of M&T. So I think, I like where we are. We'll probably -- it won't take us long to sort of get up to 7%. And I think that's important because as you can see, where the economy is, there's just not a lot of appetite for loan growth. So it's nice not to have a tremendous amount of excess liquidity -- I'm sorry, excess equity sitting around. So we're going to have to use it for something. And as I said before, with respect to the TARP, the TARP is actually, over time, a drain on our tangible capital. And so I think it probably puts us in good position to sort of meet all of our target ratios and to move out of TARP on schedule. That's probably as much as I can say about it, Marty, but I think your instincts are good.
Marty Mosby: Okay. The only other question that I wanted to kind of ask you about was the allowance for loan coverage, is 1.75%, kind of in that range where you think well maybe there's not a lot of recapture and you haven't really been doing any recapture. But your net charge-offs are so low, you're 4x in that charge-offs. Can you see a point when you might -- now that you've gotten acquisition all consolidated and that you might begin to recapture some of the allowance?
René Jones: Well, if I could, I would have had to recapture. I think -- I still think that the nonperforming loan book is high by historical standard, and we think that there's been some improvements in trends. But on a relative basis, I don't think we're yet ready to say that the loss content in the book is down. If you look at a couple of things, if you look at unemployment, it's still high. A lot of uncertainty around the housing market, liquidations and the liquidation prices of homes are up, oil prices are up. So in our minds, we'll wait until we see some better sign.
Operator: Your next question comes from Todd Hagerman of Sterne Agee.
Todd Hagerman: René, I was just hoping -- I don't think you've mentioned it on the call. I was hoping to get an update in terms of your best estimate on the Durbin impact now that the Feds come out with its latest guidance?
René Jones: Yes. Let me tell you what I think, but I'm not sure how good it is. So we got to -- they've come up with a guidance. We obviously have to wait until October 1 to be able to get the specific rules. So you'd have to put a range around it. And what I'd say is that we've not been that great at coming up with speculating on these ranges before around NSF. We waited till the final to give you a number there, we got to the quarter we did. And what we've been seeing over time is, even with the NSF, is it's actually not been as bad as we initially saw in part because of the way consumer behavior has changed and the number of people opting in and so forth. But I would say that if you just take just the fourth quarter, we're talking somewhere between on a gross number with us doing nothing to sort of offset it, $15 million to $20 million. And then if you start to think out, it's really hard to give you a number beyond that quarter because you don't know what the customer behavior is, and then we have not necessarily been able to sort of quantify our reaction to it. So that's what I know.
Todd Hagerman: Okay. Have you done anything? I mean, a number of institutions have started to kind of roll out, over the course of this year, some new product suites and so forth. For M&T, historically been kind of more commercial oriented. Is there anything, any update there that you can provide in terms of anything that you've already kind of rolled out in anticipation of some of the number of kind of Dodd-Frank changes that are about to be introduced?
René Jones: Well, we're in the process of doing that. We're in the process of designing checking accounts. I don't expect them to come out real soon. But we've got a whole host of things that will roll out over time. But one of the things that I would tell you about is that everybody was concerned about the whole prechecking model. And at a time when competitors were sort of publicly moving away from prechecking, we kind of continued to offer it. And it's been really interesting in the sense that when you look at our checking account balances on the retail side, they're probably, I don't know, $300 million or so higher than we would have expected them to be at this point in time. And that's 2 things. People are keeping more deposit, more balances in those accounts. Relative to the first half of last year, the average account balance is up 8%. And then on top of that, what we're seeing is that we've got very, very strong sales over that period. And that's not just within prechecking, it's in all checking products over time. If you compound that with the fact that we're opening significantly more accounts than last year, we're closing less, and then you compound that with the fact that what we're noticing is a net positive trend of people opting back in as they sort of look to find where their convenience spot is around dealing with the NSF thing, all right? Wat you kind of see is that introducing the new product seems to make sense. But going slow with your change, you learn a tremendous amount, right? So we'll do some of these things. You saw that we introduced the credit reports that you can get, which is the type of thing we would like to do. Why? Because it's a real service to someone with all the fraud that's going on, right? So you'll see more and more of that over time, but it's not going to be sort of a big bang.
Todd Hagerman: Right. That's helpful. If I could just do a quick follow up on the credit side, just again, kind of following up on the SOP 03 accounting and the credit portfolio, the non-preforming number was a little smaller than what I was anticipating from the merger. How should I think about, in particular like -- I think there's a $130 million of past due 90 days associated with Wilmington. I mean, as you talk about those revolvers and so forth and your outlook for ongoing improvement and credit, how should we kind of think about the SOP 03 accounting and kind of that residual portfolio Wilmington on a go-forward basis?
René Jones: Just say again, how should I think about going forward, what? The...
Todd Hagerman: With the SOP 03 accounting, and as you mentioned, the revolving credit before, I'm just -- the thing that catches my eye in the release is the $130 million past due 90 days from Wilmington.
René Jones: Yes, okay. Yes, okay. So just to try to go from the start. So what you would expect to see is 0 nonperforming loans, right, when you brought it all because they'd all be in SOP 03-3. And what you're seeing is that first off is that $77 million that I explained around revolving lines that we keep open, right, because it makes sense to do so in the work out process. Then you've got the $130 million. And essentially what that is, is if you look at what we do at the end of each quarter, we're looking at loans that are past due maturity, but are current and are actually in the process of collection or in the process of being renewed. So given that we're right at the first part of the Wilmington merger, we're 6 weeks in, we really haven't yet had a chance to sort of extend our process to Wilmington. What we've been able to do is to see that all of those loans are current, right? And fit the category. But what I would expect to happen over time is that, that number would go down as we begin to put in the M&T standard process of making sure that we've sort of taken action on those before the 90 days is out. So that's really what that is. It's not a different category, but it is a reflection of fact that we're only 6 weeks into the merger.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Clark of KBW.
Matthew Clark: Most of my questions have been answered, but one just relates to Basel III. I guess, can you -- does that 666 contemplate the additional adjustments you will need to make under Basel III? I guess, said another way, do you already adjust for your non-investment grade securities in your risk-weighted assets? The high risk rating?
René Jones: Well, we do. Yes, to the extent that they're subordinate securities, we do. So there may be some adjustment depending on how that sort of rule finally gets played out. But I think the biggest adjustment that we would have under what's been published in Basel III would be that the unrealized gains or losses in the securities book, and I think we were -- maybe we were after-tax, $100 million or something like that at the end of the quarter. So I haven't really thought too much about it in the sense that the things doesn't -- we don't have much of an effect, we're not over 10% on the MSR, right? So it's clearly not all that significant for us, I guess, how I would say it. I'm also not sure how those final rules are going to come out. So rather than speculate on it, we just keep building our capital.
Matthew Clark: Okay, great. And the OREO that was sold at $199 million property, was there a gain or loss on that in the quarter?
René Jones: Yes, there was a gain. And if you think about the whole thing, the way we think about it is that when I look at the charge-off we took and then the gain and if I look at the carrying cost over time, we maybe took a slight loss on the whole thing if you include the cost, the interest cost, to carry it in ORE over that period of time, maybe a year or so. If you don't include that, we didn't take a loss in total.
Matthew Clark: Okay. what's the magnitude of that gain in the quarter then?
René Jones: We haven't talked about it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Ramsey of FBR.
Bob Ramsey: Most of my questions have been answered, only one I'll ask you is sort of if you think about the pace of loan demand over the second quarter, would it be fair to say it was relatively constant, or was there any sense of it picking up or vice versa with the uncertainty in Europe to drop off at all in the back half of the quarter?
René Jones: The actual loan growth itself did taper down as you kind of work from the first to the second and you look at the average to as-at balances. But be careful with that because the pipeline was actually growing, right? So if it's a little bit of a low, I think it might be temporary. If I could just get back to Steve's question on the -- it's about $80 million in total that we had as expense saves, full expense saves at Wilmington.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Fox of Fenimore Asset Management.
John Fox: Two questions. First one on the fee income or non-interest income. I just want to make sure I have this correct. Is the $42 million, which is the gain -- the net of the gain in the merger expenses, is that in the other fee income line?
René Jones: The gain is -- the gain portion, $65 million gain would be and then the expenses on a GAAP income statement would in the expense line, and we've kind of spelled that out, right? So you want -- do you need the amounts?
John Fox: No, no. I have them. I just wanted to know if it was the gross or the net in there. You answered that. The second question is with the TARP repayments and all that, going forward at this point, understanding this future TARP repayments to come, what's kind of the preferred dividends below the line or the difference between net income and net income of the common shareholders kind of for the third quarter?
René Jones: I haven't even began to thought about stuff like that.
John Fox: Oh, I could call Don later.
René Jones: One second. Give me one second, I will answer your question. Yes, I mean, it should drop -- okay, if we had not issued the preferred, now let me answer this, the new preferred that we have, it would drop pretty substantially. So maybe from -- I don't know, we were running at $13 million, if you're $12 million, $13 million, if you take out the onetime acceleration of the amortization, and that would probably get cut in half. It would go down to about $6.5 million. What we've got to think about is how we declare dividends on the new preferred and how we book that, right. So if I were you, looking at it, I'd take that number I just gave you and then I'd take an interest rate on the preferred.
John Fox: And add the 2 together?
René Jones: Add the 2 together.
Operator: Your next question comes from Collyn Gilbert of Stifel Nicolaus.
Collyn Gilbert: Just quickly and just kind of following up to some of the questions on the credit front. So reconciling the relationship between the provision, are you seeing it more as a direct correlation net charge-offs or is going to reflect more of kind of the larger overall trend in the credit?
René Jones: I think you've got to look to -- what we actually do is you're looking at classified loan books, nonperforming loans, and at any given time, I mean, it's possible to see like a decline in classified loans, but sort of the underlying model, the amount might not change, but where they sit and the grade structure might change, right? So we're just looking fundamentally at classified loans including nonperforming loans and what we think the loss content is. The other piece, obviously, would be that there's some portion of the provision that's for nonclassified loans. And that's more about the outlook we talked about sort of where oil prices are and unemployment and the likelihood that things that we don't see today will come in. So it's more of the classified loan book, I guess, is probably the answer.
Collyn Gilbert: Okay. Okay, that's helpful. And then just quickly, just to make sure when we're thinking about expenses and projecting forward, we should assume, still in the third quarter, we're going to see roughly half of another quarter of Wilmington's expenses in there, right?
René Jones: We haven't done -- we have -- I can't tell you. I obviously don't know that now, but we obviously, have to get through the conversions, right? And we've got a couple of them. We've got one on the deposit side, somewhere toward maybe the end of the summer, beginning of fall. And then we've got another one, which is -- would come later, which would be the trust conversion, right? So it's a little staggered. So you're probably thinking about it the right way, where you'd see, fourth quarter, you'd see an impact.
Collyn Gilbert: An impact lower, you mean?
René Jones: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Paul, private investor.
Unknown Speaker: By the way, first, applauds for adding Footnote 5 to your reports. It helps a lot. Three questions. First, in any merger, you have some runoff of business in most bank mergers, we think, in terms of deposits. But in Wilmington, it would be the trust business, especially since some of their business was dependent on their bad loans. From announcement date, about what retention rate have you had in their business and it can be accrued number.
René Jones: Okay. So I'll give it to you. You said it well. So there's a bunch of businesses here, right? So on the loan side, right, there was a fair amount of runoff from the acquisition -- from the announcement to acquisition and total loans were down $1 billion. On the deposit side though, deposits remain really, really sticky and have actually grown. And we think our account retention, with the 48 branches and the overall deposit, has been -- I mean, I'll go so far as to say, abnormally good, right, relative to past acquisitions that we've done.
Unknown Speaker: I'm more thinking of the trust fee businesses?
René Jones: Yes. I know that you like complete answers. So then if you kind of look at the CCS business, right, if we start there of the 2 sort of wealth businesses or should I say, fee businesses, what's interesting there is that the most important positive that we got was from the closing of the merger was that we had the equalization of the Wilmington Trust credit ratings. And so that was really important because up to the merger, they had been shut out of certain activities like securitization fees -- securitization trustees and certain businesses like -- in that nature. And so we were actually able to recapture a lot of business that -- with people that couldn't do business with Wilmington before because of their credit rating. Mostly on the other side, there's the CCS business, who's actually been really, really very stable. If you kind of look at the early fallout from the -- on the wealth side, the answer on the wealth side has a lot to do with how well we've been able to retain the employees. And I think we've done a pretty good job. Early on, we had a publicized event and around the wealth, a couple of -- a key part of the wealth team leading a few people. And I think we lost one client from that. And outside of that, we've done a pretty good job. And again, I think, that's directly related to, so far, our efforts to retaining employees and make sure that they're part of the M&T team. So the news is pretty good on all fronts. And I guess, we don't worry too much on the other side. I know you're not asking about it, but on the loan side, were not too worried about that. We think we can -- once we get in place our structure, that will be able to make up for that.
Unknown Speaker: Now it's strictly the wealth management, and it sounds like you're probably retaining more than you thought you would?
René Jones: That's true.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Second -- my 2 other questions relate to the only 2 items that I keep wondering whether they're conservative enough while everything else is very conservative. One is Bayview. And you did add the description about a year ago as to how you were valuing these residual servicing rights. But the more I thought about it, I have this logic problem that you can probably explain. If Bayview, which, unless I have misunderstood your statement, is essentially no longer in the origination business, and they're losing $25 million a year on M&T's portion, that wouldn't happen unless they either have a bunch of servicing where they actually own the loan or taking charge-offs or they're getting a lot of put backs for covenant violations, I would assume? Because otherwise, the servicing business, I wouldn't think, would lose money on just that. So that causes me to say, if the servicing is losing money now, how can the residual value possibly be great enough to justify an equity rate of return on your remaining recorded investment?
René Jones: A couple of things. So again, from the beginning, there are 3 parts. The part that you see that this quarter had a $5 million loss to M&T has to do with the business that's not shut down, but we're not -- but they're not originating anymore. But there are still loans and securities that need to be managed from that business over time. And so while there's not revenue from that piece of business coming in, there's still expenses, right? And that is purely related to Bayview Lending Group and...
Unknown Speaker: Can I just interrupt for a second?
René Jones: Yes, sure, sure.
Unknown Speaker: Would they not, however, minus an issue of put backs or losses have a revenue flow on the servicing instead of just the expenses? Wouldn't they be recognizing servicing income?
René Jones: We subbed out the -- in that particular business, the servicing subbed out to other party. So it's all expense related to servicing.
Unknown Speaker: It's all expense, okay.
René Jones: It's all expense related to serving the securities that they issued over time. So that's first piece. The residuals we've talked about, and it has all of the sort of estimate issues that you've got to deal with in terms of cash flows on residuals. But almost 100% at this point of the valuation or the biggest part of our reliance on the valuation has a lot to do with Bayview Asset Management. So there's some portion of the residuals and then the remainder of it is Bayview Asset Management. And as you look at that particular business, their ability to kind of flip back between asset purchases and more -- maybe even more importantly in the future, servicing portfolios, right? That's where the value is created.
Unknown Speaker: And just as a follow-up to that, how many years in the future before assuming your assumptions are right, and therefore the value is justified? When do you start seeing that hit M&T? It sounds like it's still years away.
René Jones: I don't have a timeframe for it.
Unknown Speaker: You don't. But you do agree it's years away?
René Jones: I don't have a timeframe.
Unknown Speaker: Don't. Okay. My other question relates solely to the residential builder area where your total resi at year end, you -- I wasn't on the first quarter live call, I heard it on tape, had about $100 million more in allocated to total residential real estate than the nonperformers in the residential builders. So one, it still seems a little bit odd because you still have a lot of residential builder loans, especially in the Mid-West and Pennsylvania -- sorry, Mid-Atlantic and Pennsylvania. And I'm surprised, more of them don't go nonperforming. I can think of one possible reason not, and you can probably tell me what the real reason is because if you were dealing with local builders, they probably wouldn't be able to keep the loans current if the houses aren't selling or maybe not even complete. But are a lot of those loans to the big national names such as, without saying that they are a customer, Toll Brothers, et cetera, that mean they're standing behind those loans and have the financial resources to do it?
René Jones: No. I mean, I think it's a whole different space. But I mean, when we had our portfolio early on, when we talked about this in the Mid-Atlantic and Northern Virginia area, that was the case, right? That was the case where we had large national builders and their decision -- forget about their financial wherewithal, their decision to whether they were going to follow through on their contracts to build or not really had a big influence on the viability of the project. The issue for us is, we've gotten through all that stuff, right? So we've cleansed it, we've taken charge off, which I don't have in front of me, over a long period of time. And quite frankly, if you look back, we were talking about that business and the fact that we were cleaning it up before for anybody else, the storm really hits. I think that's what it is. It's more of the portfolio today, it's clean. And then the other thing you got to remember is, we have, in that category now, loans that were acquired, right? Some of which are carrying FDIC guarantees, right? So it's hard to look at the raw numbers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gerard Cassidy of RBC Capital Markets.
Gerard Cassidy: You may have said this in the early part of your prepared remarks, and I didn't hear it. The mark that you guys announced on the Wilmington deal at the time of the acquisition, I think, was about 12%, cumulative loss was 17%. Where did they come in when you actually did the closing? Did they come in right on to those numbers, or was something higher or lower?
René Jones: Yes, it was a little bit lower. Let me walk you through how you do that. So when we announced that deal, we had a mark of $1,016,000,000 on loans of $8.1 billion. And then -- so the first thing that happens is that they -- first thing that happens is that the loans have run down $1 billion, right, so the base is lower. And then the next thing that happens is they took charge-offs of that portfolio, which I think were down by -- I'm sorry, reductions in payoffs and those things and charge-offs of like $280 million, I want to say something like that. Yes, $288 million from the time we announced the deal to the end of April. So by just doing that, that $1,016,000,000 in mark drops down to about $730 million. And then when we reevaluated it, we reduced that $730 million by about $76 million from looking at the credit mark. So when all is said and done, on the remaining loans out there, we ended up with about a 9% mark versus, say, 10.3% if you just account for the fact that there's a lot of cleanup work that happened before we got the loans.
Gerard Cassidy: Sure. Which is great, since you priced it off of a higher mark, so that obviously worked in your favor. Second was, I think you said that the onetime charges, merger charges at the time were going to be $159 million. If I heard you correctly, in your press release, you took, I believe, about $23 million of the $156 million. Are we going to see the $23 million again in the third quarter and then the rest in the fourth quarter? Or will that spread out into 2012 as well?
René Jones: I would -- all I can say is -- a couple of things. I haven't reconciled how much of that $159 million is coming upfront in the March versus out in the onetime expenses. But I think that most of the expenses should happen in 2011. The one exception is there maybe some trust stuff that happens as we get closer to the first quarter of 2012. The conversion is sort of set around that timeframe, right? But the majority, 75% of them are going to be this year, I would guess.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay. And would you say the majority...
René Jones: I said the majority would happen this year.
Gerard Cassidy: Would you say that the majority of the $159 million is merger related and not mark related?
René Jones: I just don't have the number in front of me, so it's hard for me to answer that question. What I can tell you is if I look at the onetime expenses, and I kind of give you my numbers, I mean, my thinking is that on a pretax basis, I wouldn't be surprised to see, I don't know, $90 million to $100 million happen this year.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay, good. Do you -- the 15% cost savings that you announced at the time of the deal of Wilmington's operating costs, which I think you already gave us the $80 million number is what you think you're going to achieve in cost savings. That seems on the low side considering it's somewhat of an in-market deal for you. Do you think there is potential for that, the cost savings, to be greater than the $80 million?
René Jones: Well, how do I say? It's very close to our market, but it's not exactly in market. So there's no overlapping of branches and all that. So that's fine. But remember, that's a smaller part of it anyway. And from our perspective, from M&T's perspective, most of what we've purchased are the -- a lot of what we've purchased are those fee income businesses, right, which are incremental and are about revenue and gearing up revenue, right. So I think if you kind of think about it that way, the 15%, maybe we're slightly higher, but we'd have to see. But that's probably makes sense, right? 48 branches with no overlap and then 2 fee income business that you're planning on growing.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marty Mosby of Guggenheim Partners.
Marty Mosby: Sorry to circle back, but something jumped out of me, which I thought I wanted to make sure we clarify it. If you look at the preferred cost, typically, it was running $13 million, and you've talked about it going down to $6.5 million. This quarter, however, it went in around $25 million?
René Jones: It was higher. It was -- you probably guessed the right number, it was $20 million. And that was due to -- at the beginning of the call that we mentioned there was a $9 million accelerated amortization related with -- to the TARP repayment.
Marty Mosby: And only other thing I was getting at is that $9 million would be -- it should be considered like the security gains and other net positives that we got in these other places. So we're kind of trying to get to an operating number, we should add that $9 million back as well. We have in all other corporate payments for the bank.
René Jones: Yes, I guess if you like -- yes, you can if you like, just be careful that, remember, it doesn't affect net income. It affects net income available to common shareholders, right, because it's a dividend.
Marty Mosby: That's correct. And so when you start looking at EPS kind of numbers, it's incorporated into those numbers?
René Jones: Yes.
Marty Mosby: And so an EPS number, operating number, should adjust for that $9 million like we've adjusted for the $0.33 and the $0.41?
René Jones: As long as you've -- I mean, I guess, you're thinking about it the right way, Marty. As long as you've got, which you can’t quite see yet, the new preferred.
Marty Mosby: Right. And that will roll in next quarter, but then what you'll get from that also is some -- there will some funding related to it. So you get kind of a net effect of that happening. But I just wanted to make sure if we looked at this quarter's earnings, we would be able to back out the acceleration like we have in the other types of impacts for other folks who have paid the TARP off.
René Jones: Yes, that's right. That's right, Marty.
Operator: Your final question comes from Gary Lu of First Investors.
Gary Lu: Can you comment on your appetite for future acquisitions? There is some press report about your interest in the HSBC branches?
René Jones: Well, I mean, we're always sort of around into the extent that somebody's interested in doing something, and we tend to look at everything. But today, we're very focused on Wilmington and doing what's at hand. And if good things come along, we'll take a look at them.
Gary Lu: It seems to be a pretty large -- in terms of the scale, do you think, first, do you think you have enough capital to do that? And second, do you think there's some sell-side research report talking about and you potential need to divest 40% because of the market concentration issue? Can you give us some thoughts on that?
René Jones: We don't talk about...
Gary Lu: So what's the benefit of doing that?
René Jones: We don't -- look, we don't speculate about future stuff. We don't do future earnings. We don't speculate about acquisitions. What we do is we talk about our history, right? And our history sort of speaks for itself, whether it's doing M&A transactions, or whether it's managing our capital. The way to think about it is, it's pretty plain vanilla. But forecasting the future and taking about speculating about things doesn't make much sense to us.
Gary Lu: And also on the tax rate, it seems like a little bit lower in this quarter. Is it because of the merger gain? And what's the -- can you give us an idea what the effective tax rate after Wilmington Trust is fully integrated?
René Jones: Yes, you've got -- what you'd have to do is you take the merger gain, which is non-taxable but up in fee income, right? Pull that out, and you'll get a better estimate of what the tax rate was for the quarter.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I'll turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Donald MacLeod: Again, thank you, all, for participating today. And as always, if clarification of any of the items in the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations Department at (716) 842-5138.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-18 13:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Melissa, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the M&T Bank First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now turn the conference over to Don MacLeod, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Donald MacLeod: Thank you, Melissa, and good afternoon. This is Don MacLeod, and I’d like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call both by telephone and through the webcast. If you've not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website, www.mtb.com, and by clicking on the Investor Relations link. Also before we start, I would like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on Forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now I’d like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, Rene Jones.
René Jones: Thank you, Don, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call. I'll cover a few of the highlights from our earnings and then we'll take your questions. Overall, our results for the first quarter of 2011 were consistent with the trends we've seen over the past several quarters, that is to say modest but steady improvement in most of our metrics. Turning to the specific numbers. For the first quarter of 2011, diluted earnings per common share were $1.59, unchanged from the prior quarter and up 38% from the $1.15 in the first quarter of 2010. Net income for the recent quarter was $206 million, compared with $204 million in the linked quarter and $151 million in last year's first quarter. M&T's results for the first quarter include the impact of a repositioning of our balance sheet, leading up to the merger of Wilmington Trust. During the recent quarter, M&T sold investment securities, predominantly including $484 million of agency pass-through securities, resulting in an after-tax gain amounting to $24 million or $0.20 per common share. As we included in our November 1, 2010 investor presentation announcing the Wilmington deal, we have targeted post-closing capital ratios at a level that will approximate those in place as of September 30, 2010, before announcement of the deal. Also included in our GAAP earnings for this year's first quarter was after-tax expense from the amortization of intangible assets amounting to $7 million or $0.06 per common share. This compares with $8 million or $0.07 per common share in the linked quarter and $10 million or $0.08 per common share in the year-ago quarter. The first quarter results included after-tax expenses related to the completed K Bank acquisition, as well as the upcoming Wilmington Trust merger amounting to $3 million or $0.02 per common share. The results in the fourth quarter of 2010 included a merger-related gain of $16 million or $0.14 per common share relating to the K Bank acquisition. There were no merger-related items in last year's first quarter. Net operating income, which excludes the amortization of intangibles as well as merger-related items, was $216 million or $1.67 per common share for the first quarter of 2011, compared with $196 million or $1.52 per common share in the linked quarter and $161 million or $1.22 per common share in last year's first quarter. Excluding the securities gains I just mentioned, net operating income was improved by 20% from the year-ago quarter. In accordance with the SEC guidelines, this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results, including tangible assets and equity. The annualized return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders' equity was 1.36% and 20.16% for the recent quarter, compared with 1.2% and 18.43% in the fourth quarter of 2010. Next, I'd like to cover a few highlights from the balance sheet and the income statement. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $575 million for the first quarter of 2011, up 2% from $562 million in the first quarter of 2010. But due to a lower day count, down from $580 million in the linked quarter. The net interest margin widened during the first quarter, averaging 3.92%, an increase of seven basis points from 3.85% in the sequential quarter. Five basis points of the improvement came as a result of the lower level of money market assets in the first quarter as compared with the fourth quarter. Recall that in the fourth quarter, we had an average of almost $800 million of reversed repurchase agreements on the balance sheet to collateralize the seasonal inflow of municipal deposits. The low yield on those balances had a downward impact on the net interest margin in the fourth quarter. Those balances were virtually zero in the first quarter. Our use of reverse repurchase agreements will fluctuate from time to time based on seasonal levels of municipal deposits which require authorization. The day count of 90 days in the first quarter versus 92 days in the linked quarter accounted for an approximate three basis points increase in the margin as well. As for the balance sheet, average loans in the first quarter increased by approximately $830 million, for an annualized 7% to $52 billion compared with the fourth quarter. This reflects the surge of lending activity which came on late in the fourth quarter and which wasn't fully reflected in the average loans for that quarter. On an end-of-period basis, loans grew by $128 million or 1% annualized. Compared with last year's fourth quarter, changes in end-of-period loans by category were as follows: Commercial and industrial loans grew by an annualized 13%. This reflects continued demand by auto dealers to finance inventory. This is consistent with the stronger demand for automobiles noted recently in the business press. All other C&I loans grew an annualized 11% -- at 11% annualized rate reflecting the improved demand across various industries and regions. Commercial real estate loans declined by an annualized 6%. Roughly half of this decline came as a result of lower level of held-for-sale, multi-family commercial mortgages at March 31 as compared to the end of last year. Those loans were delivered to the federal housing finance agencies during the first quarter in the normal course of business. Consumer loans declined by an annualized 9%, reflecting the lower level of indirect auto loans, as well as weak demand for home equity loans and lines. Residential real estate loans grew an annualized 16%, reflecting a $425 million increase in mortgages held for investment since year-end and an $811 million increase since September 30 of 2010. These increases were the result of a decision we made at the end of the third quarter to retain a higher proportion of our conforming mortgage originations. In light of the growth we've seen in C&I lending and also as part of our actions to position the balance sheet in advance of the merger, late in the first quarter we decided to resume selling the majority of our conforming mortgage production to the agencies. We continue to see a favorable mix shift with core deposits replacing wholesale borrowings. Within core deposits, we're also seeing a favorable mix shift with non-interest bearing deposits replacing time deposits. Demand deposits as of March 31 increased an annualized 18% from December 31 of last year. Turning to non-interest income. Non-interest income was $314 million in the first quarter of 2011 compared with $287 million in the linked quarter. Excluding net securities gains and losses in both periods and the fourth quarter's $28 million pretax gain from the K Bank acquisition, non-interest income was $291 million for the recent quarter compared with $286 million in the fourth quarter. On that same basis, non-interest income increased by 2.5% from last year's first quarter, despite the negative impact from regulatory changes impacting deposit service charges. Mortgage banking fees were $45 million for the quarter, up from $35 million in the linked quarter. The primary reason for the improvement was an $11 million lower level of expense associated with the obligation to repurchase certain mortgage loans previously sold as compared to the fourth quarter. To a lesser degree, the decision I just noted to resume selling a higher proportion of our mortgage production to the agencies rather than to retain the loans for investment benefited residual gains on sale revenues. Service charges on deposit accounts were $110 million during the recent quarter, compared with $111 million in the linked quarter. The normal seasonal decline in debit card interchange and NSF fees was partially offset by higher commercial service charges. Turning to expense. Excluding merger-related expenses and the amortization of intangible assets, operating expenses were $483 million for the first quarter, compared with $455 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. The first quarter's results included higher compensation expense, reflecting seasonally higher salary and benefits costs, which include the accelerated recognition of equity compensation expense for certain retirement-eligible employees, as well as higher FICA expense, unemployment insurance expense and expenses related to the 401(k) match. In aggregate, the expense from these items was some $23 million higher than in the linked quarter. This is consistent with our experience in each of the past 5 years. These seasonal factors negatively impacted the efficiency ratio, which exclude securities gains and losses, as well as intangible amortization and merger-related gains and losses. The efficiency ratio was 55.8% for the first quarter, compared with 52.5% in the fourth quarter of 2010. Next, let's cover credit. Overall, credit trends showed some improvement. Criticized loans outstanding declined from the levels as of year end. Notably, with most institutions now disclosing criticized loans in their 10-K filings, it appeared to us that M&T's levels of criticized loans as of year-end compared very favorably to those of our peer group of the largest regional and super-regional banks. Non-accrual loans decreased to $1.21 billion or 2.32% of loans at the end of March from $1.24 billion or 2.38% of loans at the end of 2010. Other non-performing assets consisting of assets taken into foreclosure of defaulted loans were $218 million as of the end of the first quarter, compared with $220 million as of the end of December 31. Net charge-offs for the first quarter were $74 million, improved from $77 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were 58 basis points, down from 60 basis points in the linked quarter. The Provision for Credit Losses was $75 million for the first quarter, compared with $85 million in the linked quarter. The provision exceeded net charge-offs by $1 million and as a result, the allowance for loan losses increased to $904 million as of the end of the first quarter of 2011. The ratio of allowance for credit losses to legacy M&T loans which excludes the acquired loans against which there's a credit mark was 1.81%, down slightly from 1.82% in the linked quarter. The loan loss allowance as of March 31, 2011 was 3x annualized net charge-offs for the recent quarter. We disclosed loans past due 90 days but still accruing separately from non-accrual loans because they are deemed to be well secured and in the process of collection, which is to say, there's a lower risk of principal loss. Loans 90 days past due worth $264 million at the end of the recent quarter. Of these, $215 million or 81% are guaranteed by government-related entities. Those figures were $270 million and $214 million, respectively, at the end of December. Turning to capital. M&T's internal capital generation rate remains strong. M&T's tangible common equity ratio was 6.44% at the end of the first quarter, an increase of 25 basis points from 6.19% at the end of the fourth quarter. Our estimate of the Tier 1 common ratio as of March 31 is 6.78%, up 27 basis points from 6.51% at December 31. Turning to our outlook. As I noted at the beginning of the call, the trends for the quarter are generally in line with what we've seen over the past three to four quarters. Loan demand overall appears to be improving, although it's stronger on the commercial side. Deposit flows are continuing. The net interest margin is relatively stable and the credit continues to improve. In light of this, we don't see anything to alter our outlook for the remainder of the year. If events play out as we expect, we'll close the Wilmington Trust merger sometime this quarter. And this will likely result in the net interest margin for the combined company to be slightly lower than the stand-alone M&T. In addition, we'll have a larger portfolio of impaired loans in the run-off mode, which may subdue reported loan growth for the combined company. Of course, all these projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events and other macroeconomic factors which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. We'll now open up the call to questions before which Melissa will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Matthew Clark of KBW.
Matthew Clark: Just on the Wilmington Trust securities portfolio. Can you give us a sense for what you plan to do with that? Whether or not you expect to maintain, I guess, recent levels or is that going to come down?
René Jones: Well, I guess the way to look at that, Matt, is that we're going to try to look at the portfolio as a whole, so there's nothing specific that we would do to Wilmington Trust securities portfolio. But when we look at the whole, we're trying to manage the overall level, given where our actual loan growth comes out. So we would just view them as part of our overall discretionary portfolio -- discretionary asset portfolio.
Matthew Clark: Okay. And I guess with the pending Wilmington Trust deal, is it fair to assume that the regulators, in order to approve that, they're going to want to see you guys with some, with either possibly repaying TARP in conjunction with that close or just having a plan in place to repay your -- some point in the future?
René Jones: I guess you kind of asked the question that's on everybody's mind. For myself, I guess, we would have hoped to have been able to sort of talk about the fact that we had approval for the deal at this point. But I think these things are just taking a little bit longer than we expected. But once we do that, as we've said before, once we understand where we are with the Wilmington transaction and then, we would be able to sort of address questions on the whole capital structure of the bank and what we need to do, TARP and those types of things. So once we get through this first step, I think we'll be able to say more on that. We don't see anything that -- we've answered all the questions. We think we're -- we would be -- we would guess that we would hear something relatively soon, we just haven't heard yet.
Matthew Clark: Okay. And then just lastly, in terms of your guidance, I think at the start of the year, you had mentioned that you thought provisioning would be moderately lower relative to last year. Obviously, you're coming in a little bit better than I think probably most had expected in terms of provisioning. Should we expect it to be lumpy? Or can we assume that this trend can continue?
René Jones: Yes. I mean, I guess the one thing that Don and I had been saying for several quarters is that we think that our credit picture would be somewhat lumpy. And I think that that's probably still the case, but I guess one change that we see is that as we look at our classified loan books and relative to a year ago or maybe even 18-months ago, the size of the credits are smaller that we've been dealing with. So I do think that's one nice sort of bit that as you get into a space where you look at your -- not the size of your classified loan book, but the size of the individual credits, it becomes a little bit more predictable. So if that helps.
Matthew Clark: Okay. And then just in terms of the move, I think you mentioned since year-end, your criticized assets are down a little bit. I'm just curious in terms of magnitude, how much that might be?
René Jones: Yes, I mean, so we won't -- because we're putting this in our Q, we'll have to give a final number there. But they were down, I would say somewhere in the neighborhood of $100 million or maybe a little bit more, so that was encouraging. I think the other thing that was encouraging was that when you kind of looked at where the improvement came from, it didn't come from one sector of the economy. You saw improvements in transportation, a number of transportation companies. You saw, obviously, some improvement in real estate and development which was -- those were more from things that we did to work out the process. But also media-related companies, consumer, retail companies. So it was actually nice to just kind of look through the classified loan book by client and type of industry, and you got some sense that the improvement wasn't sort of just centered in one space.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Alexopoulos of JPMorgan.
Steven Alexopoulos: Maybe I'll start, the time you had for due diligence on the Wilmington deal was pretty short. Now you've had a little more time. Should we expect any changes to where you have disclosed of the fair value marks on the loan book?
René Jones: Well, yes. The time we did -- at the time that we had the announcement, you described that pretty well, so we were November 1. What we provided in that presentation was, just to be clear, was our expectation of credit losses over the life of the loans. So we didn't do a mark. We didn't have an interest rate mark in all that in there. And then what we did is we went back and I think we spent another 11 or 12 days in the month of December and we took another look and sort of set everything up, but we didn't see any change in our expectations, really, at that point in time. So what we've been doing ever since is just watching as Wilmington goes through their process, we're able to look at, for example, at what they charge off and try to get some sense of whether those are the same credits that we saw -- that we would have predicted would've had some difficulty.  And I would say we haven't had any big material change in what we're thinking. Obviously, they had a fair amount of charge-offs in the fourth quarter and so that's a little accelerated. But in terms of total content, there's nothing, really, that we've seen that's materially different.
Steven Alexopoulos: I mean, regarding your comments that we should expect capital ratios post-Wilmington deal to be somewhere where they were before you announced it, should we be focusing more on regulatory capital ratios, PCU ratio? Just where should we be focusing on that?
Robert Wilmers: I don't know. I guess these days, you got to focus on them all. We tend to focus heavily on tangible because that's how our philosophy is going. But we're looking at all the ratios.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. And then just one final one. Looking at the margin, looks like cost of deposits is pretty much at a bottom. And then, I guess, will go down a bit with the Wilmington deal. But do you expect to see pressure on the portfolio in terms of NIM just from loan yields continuing to come down?
René Jones: Pressure, do I expect to see pressure on the margins?
Steven Alexopoulos: Yes.
René Jones: I don't know. I think our margin outlook is very stable. I think you're right on the liability side. The thing that we have seen, though, is we've actually been able to continue to eke out small improvements, in part because the time deposit portfolio is repricing. But also, wholesale rates have been down, right? They've been markedly down. But I think the other thing when I step back and look at the margin as a whole, for a very, very long time, we had put on loans and replacing run-off that we're at a much higher margin.  And then I'd say, the peak of that was probably somewhere around the first to second quarter of 2009. And since that time, from a match-funded basis, we've put on a fair amount of loans, right? At a much wider margin that was embedded in the existing portfolio already. So you kind of see there's no shrinkage of the asset side in terms of yields, but I think our margin's going to be pretty stable for a while, sans the Wilmington transaction.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erika Penala of Bank of America, Merrill Lynch.
L. Erika Penala: Could you walk us through sort of a range of how much you think you have to pump in to Wilmington Trust in terms of capital once you mark the balance sheet for purchase accounting?
René Jones: Well, we kind of give you where we're trying to head, and then the best thing to do is kind of take a look at essentially what our capital generation is -- rate is. And I think from where we were that's been a pretty big contributor. Whether you look at tier 1 common or tangible, we're running it somewhere between 25 to 30 basis points a quarter. And we think that's probably the biggest health -- the most healthy contributor. But I don't understand what you mean by pump in.
L. Erika Penala: I guess, let me ask it another way. Once you mark the Wilmington balance sheet through purchase accounting, is it fair for us to assume that you would want to recapitalize this at, let's call it a 5.5%, 6% TCE. Which would -- what you would be comfortable with on a stand-alone basis for your bank?
René Jones: I'll guess I'll just reiterate. I mean, our goal as we kind of work our way through it, is to have capital ratios that look a lot like what they looked at before we announced the transaction on November 1.
L. Erika Penala: Okay, and in terms, I guess to just not talk about...
René Jones: Erika, let me just go back. If you go back over time, we've been very consistent, right? As you go back with the -- as we look at where we think we're going to head, we make our estimates. And so generally, without some event happening, we tend to do a pretty decent job of sort of managing to what we say. The biggest issue you saw there is why -- that's one of the reasons why we repositioned some of the securities portfolio, right? To sort of manage to those levels.
L. Erika Penala: And just trying to figure out what the tail risks could be on the credit side, how has the re-default rate on your loan modification portfolio been trending?
René Jones: We have talked about for a very long time that when you compare our statistics to what you get in the OCC's sort of nationally published statistics, that actually has fared pretty well, and that hasn't changed. So for example, one second, if you look at our total re-default rate, just got to make sure I'm looking at the total loans here, that from 2008 to 2010, it would be something like 35%, 35.2%.  And then if you look at non-agency and then if you do a comparison to sort of with the OCC, for example, and we take various quarters, right? So if you look at the average of the quarters from '09 through the second quarter of 2010, so those are seasoned, we would be -- we'd be at 25% versus the -- I'm sorry, we'd be at 10% versus the OCC at 25%. And that's just after 6 months of experience. So very much the same as what we've been tracking before. The absolute numbers, I think, are up a little bit, but still very good in comparison to what the national averages seem to be.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler of Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks, guys. Rene, I was wondering if you could update us on your comments for kind of industry NIMs. I think you started this back in September, but you kind of mentioned how we're at peak NIMs, I think driven mainly by a slowing deposit cost in our interest rates that aren't going maturity higher at this point.  I know you just kind of said stable NIMs for M&T, but do you still think we're kind of at peak levels for the industry?
René Jones: I mean, I guess it all depends on what happens with rates. But if rates were to stay flat, right, then it's hard to find a lot of catalysts for margin expansion, right?  And the thing that I said then and that I still believe is if you were going to show outsize loan growth, demand is picking up, for example, in the C&I space. But for anybody to produce outside loan growth, I think there's a fair amount of pricing competition there and you might actually begin to see some margin compression. The only exception to that is if somebody has a boatload of securities sitting on their books and they're repricing it too. But for a relatively balanced portfolio, I think it would be hard to create margin expansion today.
Craig Siegenthaler: Got it. And then earlier you said you look for a stable NIM here in the next few quarters. And that's also in light of fact that you'll be going through the Wilmington salvation. Or is that just on M&T legacy?
René Jones: Well, what we said back in January is that we thought that our net interest margin for the full year of 2011 wouldn't be materially different from what it was in 2010. And I think we're still there. I think that if I look at where we are at in the quarter, maybe it's a little stronger than I had, had thought. And then when you bring in Wilmington for half a year, let's say, that's going to have some dampening effect. But again, I don't expect it to be all that material. Having said that, when we sit here talking about the third quarter, we'll get a better picture of what the run rate is, right, from the impact of Wilmington.  And that could be down some. So we'll have to take a look and see.
Craig Siegenthaler: All right, thanks. Is there any update on your commentary for Indirect Auto? I think, also on the prior call you mentioned the competition was kind of heavy there, too. Has that slowed up at all? Or is that even more competitive?
René Jones: I don't think it's changed. I think that for us, it's been competitive for a long time. I think our volume has been pretty steady. We're running around somewhere between $60 million to $100 million a month in volume.  When times were when good and we thought we were getting adequate returns in that portfolio, it could be a size $200 million, right? So it's down quite a bit and hasn't changed too much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Zerbe of Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe: Great. Thanks. Just a question in terms of reserve release. Obviously, M&T's run at a fairly high level of reserves, consistently over the last many years. When you think about the environment going forward and kind of where you are now, how much leverage do you have to potential reserve release excluding the impact of Wilmington, of course? Or are you kind of already there? Thanks.
René Jones: Well, yes, sure. I mean, I think two things. I think we summed it up as best we could in the press release is that while we've seen signs in our book that there's some improvement, it's hard to ignore the fact that relative to the last 20 years, we're at an all-time high in our non-performing book, and I would guess as well in our classified book. So when you look at that, you saw some turnaround mid-last year and people were asking, "Was that the turnaround?" And then we actually had a couple of upticks, right? And now we're coming down a little bit. So I think that we're cautiously optimistic, but to noticeably take the allowance down when you're at an all-time high somehow just doesn't seem to make much sense to us at all.
Ken Zerbe: No, I would agree. I guess, maybe then...
René Jones: I say, Ken, the other thing is, as you look around the corner, you look at the facts that may be out there. But also the overall macro environment for the economy outside the U.S., it changes rapidly.  And with that level of weakness, things could turn around really quickly.
Ken Zerbe: No, I know. Understood.  And then just a quick question on the rising mortgages. I heard your comment that you said you've stopped -- or you stopped portfolio-ing those. Are you now done portfolio-ing those going forward now that Wilmington's close to close or is that something you may reconsider in the future?
René Jones: I think that when you look where our assets -- the sensitivity because we're asset sensitive, I think that we might reconsider that as we get to the second half of the year. We've put on about $800 million in mortgages and so now what we're just doing is stopping and we're kind of taking -- stepping back and taking a look at where we're going to fall with our capital ratios and the positioning of our balance sheet up to Wilmington, and then we'll have to reconsider post that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Ramsey of FBR.
Bob Ramsey: Hey, René. You mentioned a couple of times sort of, I guess, the focus that the securities and the resi revenue mortgage is driving towards the capital ratios. Is this really just to get back into that range where you all were at, at the third quarter, which was the guidance you all had given at the time you had done it? And do you anticipate further securities sales in the second quarter of the year?
René Jones: First question is yes. And the second question is maybe. We'll have to see what we need to do.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. And then I guess it looks like the securities sales that you all did in this quarter isn't fully impacted into the average balances. So is that going to sort of weigh on the average earning asset growth in the second quarter?
René Jones: There was no impact on average this quarter, you're right. But yes, that's right. You'll see it, so just take the average asset and then you can start from there when you think about the second quarter.
Bob Ramsey: Okay, and then last question, just on the credit front. Were there any large or notable items that you could share any color on, either in terms of charge-offs or non-performers, new non-performers?
René Jones: No. There wasn't anything to our comment about the size of credits. There were still inflows into non-performing, but more outflows. But nothing really notable.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marty Mosby of Guggenheim Partners.
Marty Mosby: I have two questions for you. The operating expenses jumped up about $28 million this quarter related to the compensation in the FICA seasonality. Last year, it was like $11 million to $15 million. I was just curious what the difference was this year and why it seemed to be a little bit more amplified.
René Jones: You're saying that the uptick in FICO was a little higher than last year?
Marty Mosby: Just looking at your total expenses, and we were talking about the reason that it had gone from where it was in the fourth quarter to the first quarter was related to FICA and the option expensing. You seem to be stronger this year relative to the increase last year.
René Jones: Yes, I wouldn't know of any specific difference in the salary line, but it seems to be that would be something from last year. Yes, I mean, I don't think so, Marty, I mean there's nothing unusual there. If you look at the total amount as we've said in the script, I mean it's very, very similar to what we saw last year. The one difference might be that, when you look sort of year-over-year of all the categories of expense, that we spent a little more this year, this first year quarter, on technology initiatives that will relate to sort of technology initiatives around the web, around deposit, deposit products and services around our business banking customers. So if you're looking at total, I would say you look at the other category in professional services are up. But other than that...
Marty Mosby: Okay, so that's probably where it's located. The other thing was your private CMOs have been -- being impaired every quarter. How do you see that going forward from here?
René Jones: Well, this quarter, as you look where it was -- I've got to be careful -- there's two different things that you're looking at there. There's private label residential mortgages, which were more of what generated the OTTI in the fourth quarter. And then these were a different set of securities. Also sort of residential mortgage-based CMOs that we took charges on, but it's a different set of securities, right? So as you look at it, the total -- if you look at the private label which has generated most of the charges, that's actually come down over time. And I would guess that might have been somewhere around $4 million or $5 million relative to what you saw last quarter.  And then this other group of securities came in. So it's hard to say, it depends on how long we see the weakness in the housing market.
Marty Mosby: Okay. And then the last thing was we're -- saying we're asset sensitive and our long-term margins have been closer to $350 million. If we're asset sensitive, rates go up and the margin would start to improve. What's been the fundamental shift in the core margin that you think really places us in a much better, sustainable level than where we've been in the past?
René Jones: Well first of all, in M&T our time horizons are very long, so I'll caveat this with that. But I mean we've been through a very long period trying to see what it will be, where our margins that we're getting on originations are just higher because the capital markets shut down.  And I would say that if you look, for example, since maybe the first or second quarter of '09, take C&I or take all of the commercial lending, that's actually -- those origination margins have come down steadily, but they're still -- they're still, I would say, almost in some cases 90 basis points higher than what we were running in 2006 and 2007, right? So I think that's a fundamental change for some time. Now guess what? When the economy heats up and the capital markets come back, I wouldn't be surprised to see more margin pressure then.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pancari of Evercore Partners.
John Pancari: Rene, on the Wilmington deal, can you talk a little bit about your expectations to be able to realize the tax benefit on the NOLs, on the DTA there?
René Jones: Yes. I mean, I don't know if I can add anything to what we've said in the past, but I can talk about kind of how it works. And I would say that if you think about it from a simple GAAP perspective versus a regulatory perspective, we'll be able to -- our view is that we'll be able to realize a lot of the deferred tax items that they lost, so to speak. I can't tell you the exact amount, in part because of the fact that your allowance or disallowance, I forgot which one it is, is dependent upon the price of the deal and where our share price is at the close. But I can say it's fair to say that we'll recapture a fair amount of that. But when you look at the point of the close of the deal from a regulatory perspective, you can only look out one year in your earnings capabilities.  And with all the onetime expenses and other types of things to convert, it sort of limits in the first year your amount that you can use for your regulatory ratios. You obviously, over time, get a lot of that back, but it's somewhat limited.
John Pancari: Okay. All right. And then that, that GAAP benefit would be more likely be immediate, whereas the regulatory, therefore, could be a little bit more protracted then?
René Jones: Yes, exactly, you'd see that right away.
John Pancari: Okay. All right. And then on the capital front, I know you mentioned that you really are not going to be in too much of a position to talk TARP until you get more clarity on the closing of the Wilmington transaction. But can you talk about where you expect that -- from a Tier 1 common perspective, obviously, you've seen some of your peers go to 9% or north of 9% in terms of a payback, but you would expect that you may be able to come in below that. Could you just talk about your expectations of how M&T could possibly get some credit for doing the Wilmington deal and also given your positioning with the regulators historically where -- how that may weigh in?
René Jones: Let me tell you what I can say. I mean, the way in which we monitor our capital levels, we don't just look at the ratio. Obviously, with the new ratio coming out there being 7% Tier 1 common, obviously, we have to focus on that. But underlying what we do is we look at the quality of our loan book in particular and the other risks that are in our balance sheet, and we look at that relative to the capital that we have.  And if we saw that we had a weakening credit or a worse position, obviously we'd have to hold higher capital. When we think about where we are today, and we said this for some time, we're generating capital very, very quickly, right? So if you take our estimate that we gave you of Tier 1 common and just exclude Wilmington for a minute, we're already at 6.78%, somewhere in that neighborhood, right? So a 1/4 or 2, you're at 7% and then you're quickly kind of getting yourself well above, right? So when we think about it, obviously we'll have to be above the regulatory guidance. But what the number is, is going to be really dependent on any given time by the quality of our loan book and what we see underneath. The other thing I would say to you is that you're not really looking at normalized numbers yet. I mean, you see that a number of people out there, some larger than us, some are -- particularly are showing 2 numbers. They're showing that maybe they'll be at 9% or 10% today, but if you converted that down to Basel III, particularly a number of people with their derivative books and those types of things, that they're closer to 7%, right? So my sense is that you're going to have to keep some sort of cushion above the 7%. And the size of that cushion will change over time, depending on what you see in the quality of your loan book. But I don't think we're an outlier, especially when you kind of consider the remaining pending rules that are out there.
John Pancari: Okay. All right. And then lastly, in terms of the loan growth outlook, can you give us an idea about where your commercial line utilization stands as of now?
René Jones: I don't have the same. I mean, what I can tell you is at about -- I'll grab that for you in a minute, but about half of the improvement we saw this quarter on an asset basis came from improved line utilization and half came from just new customers or new balances. We were up slightly. A utilization that we track was 49.3 versus 48.7. And then the total commitments were up from year-end, but down from September 30.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Kenneth Usdin: Thanks. René, I was just wondering. Wilmington, I don't believe, did a report this quarter. Can you give us any update as far as to how core trends in the Wilmington side are looking? Maybe either just on pretax, pre-provision income or whatever metric you might have and could share with us on the core business?
René Jones: Well, yes. I mean, obviously, I can't comment on their earnings, right? That's in their core.  And I guess I can say that there's nothing that I see that surprises us from any of the original works that we did. We didn't see anything materially different. Obviously, they've got a number of run-off portfolios and whether that be through just normal run-off of those portfolios or through -- on the loan book or through charge-offs, right? Balances keep coming down. You probably saw that at the end of the fourth quarter, though.
Kenneth Usdin: Right, okay. And then just one clarification on your NIM comps again. So you're talking about the pro forma margin would be a little bit lower with Wilmington. Is that inclusive of any accretable yield that would also come via the transaction? Or is that just mashing the two balance sheets together?
René Jones: No, that's the whole deal. I can only come up with one number.
Kenneth Usdin: That's fine. I just wanted to make sure that it was, in fact, one number, and that we're still going to -- so that's inclusive of your current views of what accretable yield might be post-merger?
René Jones: Yes, that's right. And then Ken, just one, just to be very clear, so what I'm saying is the thing that's not terribly affected, I don't believe, is the full year margin. Part of that's because you've only got six months of Wilmington. It might get a bit larger effect when we get into what I would call the run rate.
Kenneth Usdin: I understand. So if we're a little bit above it and you're talking not much material versus the full year 2010, then the second half reset might be a little bit bigger just to get to that averaging affect?
René Jones: Exactly, yes.
Kenneth Usdin: Okay. Great. And then my last question is just on the Mortgage Banking business. I heard your comments about the gain on sale margins being still strong but maybe coming down a little bit. So just trying to understand that line item, because there's a lot of things in it. You mentioned the lower repurchase losses and then -- but last quarter, you were still keeping more than you were selling. So I guess if you could just give us kind of a general understanding of all things equal, how that line item should kind of work going forward with you now starting to sell more of it than keep it.
René Jones: Good question. Well, I guess the way I'd say it is that the most of the decline that you saw this quarter came from the lower repurchase costs. And those numbers were something like, last quarter was about $14 million and this quarter, it was somewhere around $3 million. So you're kind of -- I guess the good news is, you're kind of at a low point there, right? So it's relatively clean. And I would then say that if you look at the impact from changing the repurchase, well maybe that was a smaller amount. I guess, I don't know how to say it, but if you just assume most of the change there was from the repurchase risk, I think you're probably at a pretty good starting base.
Kenneth Usdin: Right, but when we go back last quarter, you wouldn't have sold much. In this quarter, you would be selling more. So technically, all things equal, wouldn't you have more mortgage banking revenues next quarter?
René Jones: Yes, but I mean, you got most of -- I mean, how do I say this? It might have been about $7 million impact or something like that this quarter of a positive, right? So that's a pretty big positive. So you remember, when you look at our average mortgage banking income, right? You got three big items: you got residential mortgage service originations, you've got commercial mortgage originations and you've got servicing. Servicing's a big piece as well. So a $7 million swing tells you that you got a fair amount of the impact, a pretty good impact in the first quarter. I guess maybe it's a little larger as you go to the second quarter, but I kind of think of it as a relatively normal quarter. The first quarter being the relatively normal.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: René, a question for you. Do you have a sense -- the larger banks, of course, have a good sense about Basel III and the impact to capital. I'm interested in what you're hearing from the Federal Reserve for banks your size. When do you get some color on what the capital ratios would be for the non-Basel banks in the United States?
René Jones: It's a good question. I'll try to get too far to it. One, when you take Basel III and you kind of run through it and assuming we would be under it, we just, based on the types of business we're in, we don't have a really significant impact. The example I'd give you is maybe we're at mortgage servicing rights, which is one of the issues. Maybe it's in the three-ish range of our capital, nowhere near 10, right? We don't have a lot of trade derivative trading. So I don't expect there to be any big material impact even if we were under it. The real question that's out there is more on the last topic to come, which is sort of liquidity, right? And liquidity coverage ratios. And given that we're a predominantly deposit-funded institution, right? That's going to be the big question out there and whether they treat everybody equal. And as you well know, as you went through the storm and as we went through past storms, our deposit portfolio holds up pretty well. And I think that's an area where we're out there asking questions and seeing if we're all going to be treated as one. But there really isn't much of an answer yet.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay. You mentioned in your prepared remarks about the seasonality of the commercial real estate portfolio, half of the decline was attributed to that. What about the other half of the decline and what are you seeing in commercial real estate? Are you losing the more aggressive competitors or no, you're still in there fighting the fight? What's going on in commercial real estate?
René Jones: Yes. I mean, I think much of what you see that's holding that down a little bit is probably years of nonperformance or payoffs, right? You've got a couple of run-off portfolios there. I would say that, how do I say this? We haven't seen big growth. If you were focused on looking for growth and doing transactions, there's plenty of it out there at decent margins. But generally, it's been pretty slow. The positive news, I think, in the real estate space is that there are transactions happening. Investors are in the market. So that really helps you in terms of when someone's looking to refinance or whether you have to restructure a transaction. That's been the most positive thing that we have heard. The other thing I think that's been out is the sort of resurgence a little bit of some of the conduits and we've heard rumors of that, or they've come back a little bit and they're expecting to do some volume. But I'll give you a sense. We asked -- we have a survey of our customers that we do. And on the CRE side, we asked, "How do you feel about the availability of CRE financing over the next 6 months?" And 57% of those customers ranked it as sufficient when they're thinking about regional banks. And in July, that was just 45%. And then 53% said it was sufficient, up from 41%, when the talks about the capital markets. So generally, people are feeling that credit is more available, they're interested in doing things. It just hasn't resulted in a lot of loan growth, I think, because I think there's still a lot runoff in the overall portfolios that are in properties being worked out.  And if I were a real estate investor, I would go for the low-hanging fruit first.
Gerard Cassidy: No doubt.  And then, one final question. On the commercial loan book, you've referenced utilization rates improving. Two questions: one, geographically, within your footprint, are you seeing more demand for commercial loans in Upstate New York versus the Maryland versus the Pennsylvania market? And then second, what yields are you putting commercial loans on the book at today if your average yield, if I'm reading it correctly here, is 3.93%? What's the new -- what are the new loans coming in on at this time?
René Jones: Well, let me answer the last question first. I'm not going to give you a ton of specifics there but I mean, we fund -- primarily the C&I loans are funded with LIBOR. So LIBOR, our spreads are to LIBOR. So look at 25 to 30 basis points is really what really one month's LIBOR should be, somewhere in that range over time. So pretty healthy margins when you kind of come to the yield. We've seen loan growth that's kind of -- we've seen loan growth that's been strong kind of across-the-board. I mean, if I look at our middle market space, we had -- and if I look at it as an asset basis, we kind of get rid of the big fourth quarter year-end effect there, we had loan growth that was pretty decent in Upstate New York. We had it in what we call our Metro region, which is sort of everything from Tarrytown to New York, Philadelphia. We had growth in the Baltimore and Chesapeake area. So just about everybody is participating. If you look at the average growth, I'll give you another example. We had 9% growth on an average basis in Upstate New York, 21% in Metro annualized growth, 7% in PA, 3% in the Mid-Atlantic. And then if you look at what types of companies, they cover the gamut. So service companies, media-type businesses, distribution businesses. I mentioned transportation earlier. So it covers the gamut.
Operator: Your next question comes from Collyn Gilbert of Stifel Nicolaus.
Collyn Gilbert: A lot of my questions actually surrounded what Gerard just asked. But just going back on the CRE side, René, you said transactions are happening. If you want to do them, they're out there. And given the growth rate that you just said in the Metro area of 21%, do we assume then that you're in it? That you're in the flow of the transactions and your, kind of, appetite to do large real estates deals is there? Or maybe kind of just talk about your appetite for putting on large deals and how you're structuring. I mean, how you're thinking about the rate environment with those types of transactions.
René Jones: Yes, sure. I mean, there's no change from what we would do in the past. And I guess my comment would be that our loan growth, but for on the CRE side a little bit in the fourth quarter, has been relatively subdued. And that's not because we couldn't do transaction-type stuff if we wanted to, it's just not where we operate. So we tend to focus on our pre-existing customers and people that we've known for a very, very long time. And I would suggest that -- but for the end of last year, the loan growth hasn't been that great and it really hasn't been that much of a change in sort of, actually, there hasn't been any change in the way we think about it.
Collyn Gilbert: Okay, so no change then in kind of the loan sizes in terms of what's rolling off the relationships or the loan sizes that are rolling off versus what you're putting on?
René Jones: No, no, nothing there. That's one of the reasons why we kind of disclosed that in our annual report. You can see the mix and size of the deals and if we were to have a big change, you'd see that.
Collyn Gilbert: Okay, and then just one final, kind of point on clarification. In the press release, you had indicated, I think, if I have this right, part of your desirability is to sort of increase liquidity it said with anticipation. Was it of average strong loan growth or something like that? But trying to reconcile that, because it doesn't seem as if average loan growth was all that strong in the first quarter. Is that what you're anticipating in the second quarter, given timing of closings?
René Jones: No, the average was up almost $1 billion, right? It was $830 million, I think it was.  And of course, as we -- relative to where we were on November 1, those numbers are even higher than that, right? And then when you consider the fact that we had put on $800 million of resis [residentials], right? We have a fair amount of loan growth, I guess. I guess I would say we'd have more loans that we probably would have anticipated back when we were sitting there on November 1.
Collyn Gilbert: Okay, you said...
René Jones: We had a couple of things going on, right? We had over $1 billion of loan growth from November to December, right? And on top of that, we've put on, since September, $800 million of discretionary assets, right? Through the resis.
Collyn Gilbert: Okay, okay. I got you. That was year-over-year. That's what threw me. Okay, okay. That's all I had, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Todd Hagerman of Sterne Agee.
Todd Hagerman: Rene was kind of beating the capital question to death. But I want to ask a couple of questions more from an M&A perspective. A number of the foreign banks seem to be heating up speculation in terms of potential acquisitions returning here to the States, whether it's some of the European banks or Canadian banks. It seems like there are an increasing of opportunities potentially coming your way in your footprint, if you will. So I guess on the one hand, how do you size -- given kind of what you guys have done over the last 12 to 18 months, a number of transactions, but how do you now view kind of or size future opportunities post-Wilmington within your respective markets per se? And then secondarily, as everyone asked a capital question, does it change your view at all? I mean, as long as I've been following you, it's always been about capital formation. But yet, the opportunities on the M&A side seem to be increasing, not diminishing, for the likes of an M&T. What does that potentially mean in terms of how you view capital?
René Jones: Yes, I guess I'd start off by agreeing with you and the fact that in this broad environment, and as kind of has been proven, right? That there's more opportunities that are out there.  And then within that opportunity set, you've got to think about what types of things does M&T typically do.  And what I keep saying is that, at least history has shown, and probably our preferred way to do things is with partnerships where people kind of stay in to the pre-existing organization. You saw that with Provident and Gary Geisel being on our board and on all stock kind of transactions. So when you kind of think about that, the idea that you might stock up and store capital because you're going to go out and buy something really doesn't fit that type of profile, right? Our thought process is that if we would happen to need capital at the time, and the opportunity was that attractive, then we'd go out and get it. But at the end of the day, if our shareholders weren't giving us capital for the transaction, I guess we'd probably better think twice before doing it, right? So I think you're right, the environment is there, there's a lot -- the population is large, but as we kind of move forward and try to look for people who are looking to sort of continue on with a stronger combined organization, we think that generally, the capital issues have, at least historically, tended to take care of themselves.
Todd Hagerman: Right, and I don't mean to imply hoard capital for the sake of hoarding capital, maybe you'll do a deal. But I guess it's more along the lines again that the opportunities actually seem to be increasing, not diminishing for the likes of M&T. And given this idea that M&T historically has preferred to improve capital organically as opposed to go out and dilute existing shareholders, I'm just wondering if something out there may change your mind on that point in terms of having to raise for equity capital for the sake of perhaps a transaction.
René Jones: I think for that to happen, I think we have to see it. We have to physically see the deal in front of us, right?  And one way to think about it is we're pretty plain vanilla. And so we're not out there speculating a lot. We do see what you're talking about in terms of the environment of potential opportunity. But having said that, I think our nature is to just deal with what's in front of us and that sort of served us well and so far, so we don't think it's different today.
Todd Hagerman: And you don't think Wilmington limits you in any way? You're not looking at the world any differently because of Wilmington?
René Jones: No. I mean I think, I'll say it again in a different way, but the idea that we would be able to bring on Wilmington and have our capital ratios not be materially different, right? I think, gives you the answer.  And the idea that we would do two or three of those at once doesn't really make too much sense because we've got to do it right, right? So we'll focus on Wilmington. We've got to get it closed, then we've actually got to get it converted.  And that's what our sort of big task is today. And then what we've seen over time is that we can do that relatively quickly, so it doesn't take us off the table for what might come next.
Operator: Your final question comes from Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Unknown Analyst -: This is actually Adam James [ph] calling in for Matt O'Connor. I have a couple of questions regarding the Wilmington acquisition. One of them is just a clarification item. Wilmington actually had around $70 million of OREO expenses in 2010, which was about 10% of their non-interest expense. Regarding your 15% guidance figure, how much of that was actually factored in? Because I'd guess that a good chunk of that would just go away after the loans were marked at acquisition.
René Jones: Adam, can you just give me that again? 15% what?
Unknown Analyst -: You gave a guidance figure of 15% of Wilmington's, I guess, non-interest expense for their full year percentages.
René Jones: Yes.
Unknown Analyst -: In terms of like what's included in that figure, Wilmington had around $70 million of OREO expense alone, which was 10% of their expense base. Was that something that was specifically looked at when you came up with that 15%?
René Jones: No. We wouldn't look at that. We wouldn't do anything with that. We would just look at the core infrastructure of the institution when we're coming up for the costs.
Unknown Analyst -: So that 15% would just be taken right off the top or if that would be removed first...
René Jones: Think of it this way. You take the expense base, you don't consider that ORE expense, and then you get 15% of the combined of the institution from the rest of the categories.
Unknown Analyst -: Okay, got it. The second one was just on the side of revenue synergies. It's something you've discussed before, but just curious as to if -- when the Wilmington wealth management services would actually be -- start being offered to M&T legacy customers.
René Jones: As soon as we get approval and close the deal, I think then we'd be free and clear. And I think there's some pent-up demand for that as well already, so we're cautiously optimistic about that. But we got to get the deal closed and we got to merge the holding company.
Unknown Analyst -: Okay.  That's pretty much it for me.
René Jones: Great.
Unknown Analyst -: Thanks, guys.
Operator: That was your final question. I'll now turn it back to management for closing remarks.
Donald MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today. And as always, if clarification of any of the items on the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department at area code (716) 842-5138.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-14 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Wess, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the M&T Bank fourth quarter fiscal year 2010 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'll now turn the conference over to Mr. Don MacLeod, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Don MacLeod: Thank you, Wes and good morning everyone. This Don MacLeod I'd like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's fourth quarter 2010 earnings conference call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release, we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website at www.mtb.com and by clicking on the Investor Relations link. Also before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on Forms 10-K, 8-K, and 10-Q for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now, I'd like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, René Jones.
René Jones: Thank you, Don, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. I understand that both we and our much larger friends downstairs are reporting our results this morning, hopefully both of us will set a positive tone for the coming earnings season. I'll quickly review some of the highlights from our results and then we'll take your questions. As slight break from the past I'd like to start by summarizing M&T's performance for 2010. Overall our results for 2010 were driven by steadily improving credit trends, that saw net charge-offs fall 33% to $346 million or 67 basis points of average loans and provisioning for loan losses fall 39% to $368 million. Losses on investment securities including other than temporary impairment charges presumably fell 39% to $84 million. Taken together these two factors contributed significantly to our strong year-over-year performance. M&T's liquidity position continued to improve in 2010 as the slow pace of economic recovery contributed to balance sheet contraction for much of the year. While core deposit growth remained robust. Encouragingly late fourth quarter growth in our commercial loan and commercial real estate loan portfolios resulted in a positive linked quarter loan increase for the first time in several quarters. Additionally expansion of the net interest margin coupled with good expense control contributed to improving operating efficiencies and higher returns, enabling M&T to offset the reduction in consumer service charges caused by the mid-year implementation of changes to regulation E. Turning to the specific numbers, for the full year of 2010 diluted earnings per common share were $5.69, an increase of 97% over $2.89 in 2009. Net income for 2010 was $736 million which represents 94% increase over the $380 million in 2009. GAAP basis net income for the full year of 2010 expressed as a rate of return on average assets and average common shareholders' equity rose 1.08% and 9.3% respectively up from 0.56% and 5.07% in 2009. M&T consistently provides supplemental reporting of its results on a net operating or tangible basis from which we exclude the after tax effect of amortization of intangible assets. As well as expenses and gains associated with mergers and acquisitions. Included in GAAP earnings for 2010 was net after tax merger related gain from the K Bank acquisition of $16 million or $0.14 per common share. This compares to $36 million or $0.31 per common share of net after-tax merger-related expenses in 2009, reflecting costs arising from the Provident and Bradford Bank mergers, partially offset by the gain on the Bradford transaction. Also included in these earnings for the past year was the after-tax expense from the amortization of intangible assets amounting to $35 million or $0.29 per common share compared to $39 million or $0.34 per common share in 2009. Net operating income for 2010, which excludes those items I just mentioned, was $755 million or $5.84 per common share for 2010, an increase of 66% from $455 million or $3.54 per common share in 2009. In accordance with the SEC guidelines, this morning’s press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results including tangibles assets and equity. For the rate of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common stockholders' equity was 1.17% and 18.95% respectively for 2010, up from 0.71% and 13.42% in 2009. Turning for the most recent quarter, diluted GAAP earnings per common share were $1.59 in the fourth quarter of 2010, improved from $1.48 earned in the third quarter of 2010. Net income for the recent quarter was $204 million, up from $192 million in the linked quarter. GAAP-basis net income for the fourth quarter of 2010 expressed as an annualized rate of return on average assets and average common equity was 1.18% and 10.03% respectively compared with 1.12% and 9.56% respectively in the prior quarter. As I noted earlier, the net after-tax merger-related gain in the recent quarter arising from the K Bank acquisition was $16 million or $0.14 per common share. There was no merger-related activity in the third quarter of 2010. After-tax expense from the amortization of core deposits and other intangible assets amounted to $8 million or $0.07 per common share in both the third and fourth quarters of 2010 and M&T’s net operating income for the quarter, which excludes those items, was $196 million compared with $200 million on a lined quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share were $1.52 for the recent quarter compared with the $1.55 in the linked quarter. The annualized rate of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common equity was 1.2% and 18.43% respectively compared with 1.24% and 19.58% in the third quarter of 2010. Next, I’d like to cover a few highlights from the balance sheet and the income statement. Taxable-equivalent net interest income was $580 million for the fourth quarter of 2010, up an annualized 3% from the $576 million in the linked quarter and also increased 3% from the $565 million in the fourth quarter of 2009. The net interest margin contracted slightly during the fourth quarter averaging 3.85%, down 2 basis points from the 3.87% in the third quarter. As we discussed on the earnings call in October, we held higher levels of short-term money market investments on the balance sheet during the fourth quarter to collateralize the seasonal surge in municipal deposits. This program negatively impacted the net interest margin by 5 basis points. Besides from this temporary issue, the net interest margin expanded slightly, reflecting a 2 basis point benefit from prepayment penalties and cash-basis interest recognized on non-accrual loans. An additional one basis point benefit came from the favorable shift in our funding mix with deposits replacing both long-term and short-term wholesale borrowings combined with a favorable shift on the asset side as loan growth was funded by run-off in lower yielding securities. I'll discuss our outlook for the margins in a few moments. As for the balance sheet, average loans for the fourth quarter increased by approximately $300 million or annualized 2% to $51.1 billion from $50.8 billion in the third quarter. On an end of period basis, loans grew by an annualized 9% or approximately $1.2 billion from the linked quarter. Compared with this year's third quarter, changes in end of period loans by category were as follows. Commercial and industrial loans grew by an annualized 19%. Loans to auto dealers to finance inventory contributed $258 million of that increase while remaining C&I loans increased by $344 million on annualized 12%. Commercial real estate loans grew by an annualized 12%. Residential real estate loans grew by an annualized 12% as well reflecting actions we've taken at the end of the third quarter in which we discussed on the October call, specifically we began attaining a significant portion of our performing mortgage loan production. This increase in residential loans was largely offset by 6% decline in consumer loans driven primarily by lower levels of indirect auto loans reflecting the limited returns available on these loans in the current environment. The acquisition of K Bank added approximately $93 million of average loans for the quarter and $149 million to the end of period loan balances. While it seems clear that economic activity continues to improve, the strong commercial loan growth we experienced in December was not matched by similar inflows into our current pipeline for new business. In other words, a portion of the growth seems to have reflected a desire on the part of our clients to compete with financing needs near or around the end of the calendar year. With that said, adjusting for this, we have seen a slow but steady increase in demand for credit over the last six months of 2010. We continue to see strong growth in core deposits. Average core customer deposits which exclude foreign deposits and CDs over greater than $100,000, increased in the fourth quarter by an annualized 17% than the third quarter. Excluding the seasonal surge in municipal deposits that I mentioned previously, core deposits grew on an annualized rate of 13%. Turning to non-interest income, excluding securities gains and losses and the $28 million pre-tax gain from the K Bank acquisition, non-interest income was $286 million for the recent quarter, compared with $298 million in the third quarter. Mortgage banking fees was $35 million for the quarter, down from $61 million in a linked quarter. Approximately $11 million of this decline can be attributed to our decision to attain a higher percentage of our mortgage production, while another $5 million can be attributed to the decline in origination activity during the quarter. The remainder of the declines relates to expenses associated with our obligation to repurchase certain mortgage loans previously sold. Service charges on deposit accounts were $111 million during the quarter, compared with $118 million in the linked quarter. This 6% decline reflected the full quarter impact of the implementation of the new Regulation E, which began halfway through the third quarter. Securities losses in 2010’s fourth quarter amounted to $27 million, predominantly reflecting additional other than temporary impairment charges on private label mortgage-backed securities held in our securities portfolio. This compares to $8 million of securities in the third quarter. Turning to expenses, operating expenses continue to be well-controlled during the recent quarter. Excluding merger-related expenses and amortization of intangible assets, operating expenses were $455 million, down from $467 million in the third quarter of 2010. The fourth quarter results included a $6 million reversal of the valuation allowance on capitalized residential mortgage servicing rights and this compares to an addition of $3 million to valuation allowance in the third quarter of 2010. As of the end of 2010, we have reversed all of the valuation allowance for capitalized residential mortgage servicing rights. The efficiency ratio, which excludes securities gains and losses as well as intangible amortization and the net merger-related gain, was 52.5% for the fourth quarter, improved from 53.2% in the third quarter of 2010. Let's turn to credit. Overall credit trends remained stable, though consistent with what we've seen over the course of this year included some volatility. Nonaccrual loans increased to $1.24 billion or 2.38% of total loans at the end of 2010 from $1.1 billion or 2.16% of total loans at the end of the previous quarter. The increase is predominantly related to an $80 million loan to a residential builder and developer and $66 million of commercial construction loans to an owner operator of retirement and assisted living facilities. Other nonperforming assets consisting of assets taken into foreclosure of defaulted loans were $220 million as of December 31 compared with $193 million as of September 30. The vast majority of the increase came as a result of the K Bank acquisition. Net charge-offs for the fourth quarter were $77 million, improved from $93 million in the third quarter of 2010. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were just 60 basis points, down from 73 basis points in the linked quarter. The provision for credit losses was $85 million for the quarter compared with $93 million in the linked quarter. The provision exceeded net charge-offs by $8 million and as a result, the allowance for loan losses increased to $903 million as of the end of 2010. The ratio of allowance for credit losses to legacy loans, which excludes acquired loans against which there is a credit mark, was 1.82%, down slightly from 1.86% in the linked quarter. The loan was allowance as of December 31 was 2.6 times net charge-offs for the past year. We disclosed loans past due 90 days but still accruing separately from nonaccrual loans because they are deemed to be well-secured and in the process of collection, which is to say that there is low risk of principal loss. Loans 90 days past due were $270 million at the end of the quarter, of these $214 million or 79% are guaranteed by government-related entities. Gross figures were $215 million and $194 million respectively at the end of September. M&T's tangible common equity ratio was 6.19% at the end of the fourth quarter, an increase of 23 basis points from 5.96% at the end of the third quarter and 106 basis point increase from 513 at the end of December 31, 2009. Unrealized pretax losses on our available for sale investment portfolio were $81 million as of the end of 2010 compared with $69 million at the end of the third quarter largely reflecting the backup and interest rates late in the quarter. Our estimate of Tier 1 common ratio as of December 31st is 6.52% up 10 basis points from 6.42% at September 30th. Turning to our outlook. As most of you know we don’t have much in the way of earnings guidance but we’ll share our thoughts on some general trend. While the rate of recovery is slow the levels of economic activity certainly appears to be improving. As I noted earlier loan demand seems to be firming but as we look out over 2011 we’re not expecting anything dramatic. As a result our outlook is for modest single digit year-over-year loan growth prior to any impact from our pending acquisition of Wilmington Trust. We expect that net interest margin for 2011 to be relatively consistent with 3.84% that we reported for the full year 2010. At this point, it is our expectation that Wilmington Trust could have a slight downward impact on the net interest margin for the combined company but we’ll talk more about that as we get closer to a closing date. As we have suggested for some time, we would expect our nonperforming loan trends to be a bit lumpy as evidenced by this quarter’s results. Our net charge-off expense in 2010 improved by 34 basis points from 2009, while unemployment remained very high. Overall, our outlook for credit cost to only improve marginally relative to 2010 unless there is a noticeable improvement in unemployment than the overall economy. Even the headwinds from Dodd-Frank and other pending regulations we remain cautious regarding top line growth and so as we've always done, we'll continue to place a priority on operating efficiency and discipline around discretionary spending. Overall, our goal for 2011 on this front is to sustain the improvement that we gained in our efficiency ratio during 2010. Finally, we will remind you that normalized for unusual items, the first quarter's results have tended to be seasonally low for us reflecting fewer days and higher expenses associated with the spike or reset accelerated recognition of equity compensation and on the 401(k) math. As always, of course, all of these projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events and other macroeconomic factors, which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. We'll now open up the call to questions before which Wes will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from John Pancari of Evercore Partners.
John Pancari: On the credit side despite what you saw this quarter you still seem somewhat cautious particularly in terms of the lumpiness. I mean, what do you see in terms of potential employees in non-performers. Can you give us some color in terms of what are your early stage delinquencies and watch list is telling you?
René Jones: I mean, I guess I'll start with, we did see the increase in non-performers, we mentioned two credits moved in, actually both in some way housing related but when you look at the whole, I tend to look at the whole criticized loan book, which is sort of in our system there is everything 11 and above, and that didn't change materially. In fact, the criticized loans on our balance sheet probably declined slightly during the quarter. So when we say we expect credit to be lumpy, there are going to be things that move either way from time to time. I think probably the best example to look at the two credits that we mentioned, the first is one in our residential development portfolio that we've been looking at for some time and we had been working with to make improvements. But at the end of the day, we saw that based on the valuation of the properties and so forth that it was warranted to move to nonaccrual. In that particular loan there will be some loss content that we've provided for. You flip that around to the other credit, which is assisted living and quite frankly, there it's much more of a technical issue. We don't see much loss content there, but technically the client wasn't able to extend even though we're in the process of putting an extension in. So at the end of the day, we just sort of follow the letter along if tripped over. So I don't really look necessarily at just the nonperforming number, when I look at, as you stated, the overall criticized book, it's pretty stable and in this particular quarter, it was down slightly.
John Pancari: So is that why just given that outlook is why you pretty much kept the reserve relatively stable relative to loans and despite the year over provisioning of charge-offs. So you didn't really up the reserve in anyway despite this lumpiness that you're seeing in the surprising jump in the nonperformers of the sales corps?
René Jones: That's a good description and I think you obviously will have to consider that we added $1.2 billion to the commercial loan book as well. So I think that your description is fair.
John Pancari: Then one other question. In terms of – I know you're probably evaluating this as combined with the merger here but in terms of potential TARP repayment, can you just give us an update in terms of the dialogue you may have had during the quarter with the regulators and the government in terms of the timing of TARP repayment and the potential capital raised to do so?
René Jones: Nothing really has changed. Again, we go through our risk management practices. I think in January when we get to that point, we go to our Board and we talk about what our stress tests are and what we think for the outlook of the plan and capital and all that. So we'll get through that governance and then some time post that, as we always do, share it with the regulators. We are free to do all that. But I think what we said still stands as we evaluate when we can stress in the long run we're not looking to be a TARP accumulator and in the near term we'll come up with some plan to how we want to pay that back. From our perspective, our capital ratios, again, continue to grow very, very strong and I think really the sooner you move the TARP out, it actually increases your tangible generation, but no real updates on it. But when we have, we'll let you know.
Operator: Your next question comes from Todd Hagerman with Collins Stewart.
Todd Hagerman: René, just wanted to ask you a little bit more about the mortgage retention strategy, particularly in light of the pending Wilmington Trust deal. This quarter from my perspective what you added to the balance sheet was a little bit less than what I was expecting and similarly, the drop in kind of the flow sale gains on the mortgage side was a little bit more than what I was expecting. In light of Wilmington, how should we, in your outlook for the margin and interest rate sensitivity if you will, have things kind of materially changed in the course of last couple of months, meaning that are you now little bit more optimistic in terms of rate environment going to 2011, and thinking that kind of your margin is going to be relatively stable year-over-year? I mean how should, we think about how that mortgage retention strategy in light of the coming year in kind of that modest loan growth outlook.
René Jones: Sure, Todd. So, let’s just take them in order. So, jokingly, I think I estimated that, it might be $10 million or is $11 million. So, it was kind of what we expect in terms of volume and in terms of the margin that we lost. Remember, we don’t deliver those loans, don’t get delivered to our balance sheet until late in the quarter and in fact this sort of first half of January. So, what you saw was the – all you saw was the impact to the gain on sale, which is upfront. In fact, remember, the way the mortgage revenue works, is you get it when you walk alone, you book the revenue. So once that delivered, you’ll begin to see the positive impact in the first quarter of 2011. I don’t know, when we thought about it, we didn’t see anything that changed during the quarter that would suggest that we would flip back. So, right now our plan is to continue to portfolio those mortgages. As you know, we don’t have large residential mortgage portfolio, particularly relative to our peer group. So, no problem there. What you’ll see when we kind of putout our case that we sort of marginally were able to – we definitely were able to slow that migration to the sort of asset sensitive. So, so we need those fixed rate assets. I don’t know, I think loan growth will continue. I obviously don’t expect to have $1 billion a quarter. I think we’ll wait and see for another quarter if whether or not that makes sense to continue doing that. With respect from the margin, if you do have some loan growth and you offset that with securities – what otherwise would be securities purchases, it probably does do a lot to offset any natural decline that you might have in your margin. So, when we put everything together and we look at where we are, we don’t really expect rates to move for about three quarters. It just gives us a flat to stable margins. I was actually a little surprised to see that normalized; we were probably up 1 basis point this quarter. That was all driven by the type of loan growth that we had.
Todd Hagerman: I was just thinking of it in terms of that the bond portfolio continues to runoff at a pretty healthy clip and again it did this quarter. As you think about just, again as you mentioned, adding some of that fixed rate products to the balance sheet, I would have expected or – again as I think about my 2011 impact and the consolidation of Wilmington Trust, then there might be a little bit more compression within that margin, and kind of the mix of assets if you will.
René Jones: We don’t see it. It’s a good question. I’m not quite sure why, but I think our yields are pretty stable on the asset side. If you remember, when we say we’re asset sensitive, we’re kind of mismatched, and we don’t like to be. So for us putting those assets on, this quarter they're all funded probably with core deposits which is great and if they're not, we probably would put on some additional wholesale funding. That spreads, they're going to be pretty wide relative to our 3.84% margin, right.
Todd Hagerman: What's your outlook in terms of the rate environment for 2011 embedded in your forecast?
René Jones: We’ll use the forwards. So I think it comes somewhere late in 2010, there is a set increase embedded in the forwards or something. I am sorry, late in 2011 if I could say that right.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matthew O'Connor: As we think about Basel III and what that means to M&T, have you run through some of the numbers on the RWAs? Because I think if possibly RWAs will go down given your historical losses are so low and I was just wondering how meaningful that decline might be if that is the case?
René Jones: That would be wonderful. I have done a little bit of work on that and I can't give the theories about it and sort of better than the idea that in Basel II, you got credit for your actual performance. I just personally find it hard to believe that in the current environment but that's going to be case in Basel III. I know a few people are talking about it but we're not counting on any of that. But I would agree with you. I think what we tend to do is we tend to look at the risk of our portfolio, how well it's collateralized against the capital. But my guess is, I don't expect much relief from that.
Matthew O'Connor: I know there is some upward pressure on the securities book, perhaps that the loan book could help there and understand. So, I guess the question comes back then to the capital ratios. In the past, you've probably been able to run a little less capital than other folks just because the credit is so good; the earnings power is so good, it seems like with Basel III they kind of standardize it, right. So if everyone's going to be running, I don’t know, if it’s 7% or 8% and it seems like when it comes time to repay TARP, they don't really care about the 7% number because a lot of banks are in the 9% range. How do we reconcile that with you guys?
René Jones: I'll give you my thoughts. I mean, if you sum up everything we've heard, capital ratios are going to be higher than they were in the past. But there is nothing that's ever been said, that there shouldn't be different capital ratios among different banks based on the risk and the quality of your portfolio, and that would be hard for us to think that anybody would suggest otherwise. So I tend to take a practical safety and soundless view and if we changed the mix of our portfolio then that would mean that we probably need to be well above 7%. But if we're not changing the risk profile of our portfolio, maybe we don't have to as high as some. You can see the change already. I mean, when you think about – just go back quickly, if you go back a year ago to Provident; we bought Provident; we took our tangible down to 449 and then we grew it back. Then in 2002, I think it was '03 [ph] we bought all of First and I think then we took it down to 468 or something like that and then we built it back over time. When we announced the Wilmington deal and we gave you a general target range, that range, the numbers didn't come down at all. So our view of capital internally has changed as well and we're just more conservative about it, but I don't think that that means that all banks will have the same capital ratio down the road, just doesn't make sense.
Matthew O'Connor: I would agree with that. Then just separately, as we think about the size of your securities book and then just call it from the other liquidity that you have in the balance sheet, securities books have been coming down a little bit, came down a bit further with the auctions this quarter. How should we think about that roughly $7 billion of securities going forward?
René Jones: We look at the mortgage repurchase program as – I mean, retaining the mortgages as a direct substitute for the securities purchase. So, if you will look internally, our reports don't say securities and residential loans internally, they say discretionary portfolio. If we were to stop doing something on retaining the residential mortgages, we'd probably have to start buying securities, because we're overall – and discretionary assets we're historically low.
Matthew O'Connor: I would agree on that. I mean, from a liquidity point of view, is it okay if it's in the loans versus the securities, that's not an issue for me?
René Jones: Well, they’re very securitizable. So we just haven't taken the second step. Your point is really good and over the course of the year and years to come, we're going to have to start thinking about dealing with the new liquidity rule. So even though we're much more liquid than we were over the last several years, that's sort of one of the outcomes that you might have to hold more securities, but it's too early to say those rules aren't out. We feel pretty comfortable where we are now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Clark of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Matthew Clark: Just on interchange, I think based on the numbers we've seen in Nielsen report which are a little stale. Would you mind maybe quantifying how much in the way of interchange revenues you guys had in 2010 and might be at risk in 2011. Plans to mitigate it, obviously you have Wilmington Trust coming through with Wealth Management and Corporate Trust business I'm sure will help out. But just any other plans to help mitigate the impact midyear?
René Jones: We have to-date avoided talking about or speculating about what the impact of that legislation will be. Just because we can’t get our hands around what's likely to happen. So we haven’t disclosed any of that and we probably won’t change that until we get clearer guidance on what the actual rule is what I hear this April timeframe. What I will say is with the pulse that was out there in our minds is probably the worst case scenario for the banking industry and we're part of it. I would also say that the dividend in a changed revenues under the proposed rule that's out there would be probably well below costs and what that means is that the business model would have to take a dramatic change in some new direction. We're talking about a big event for the industry and if you sort of legislated a way, the profitability of all of those activities the whole industry would have to change. I can’t tell you we will be part of that but I can’t tell you what the impact is. I think I would say that the kind of off your question but the sad part about it is, there is really no clear win for the consumer either. So too much uncertainty for us but as we get to April we'll be happy to then talk about what it means to.
Matthew Clark: Then just on in terms of the repurchase request on mortgage I think you said the balance but in terms of the impact this quarter if you don’t mind quantifying to the extent the whole thing?
René Jones: Yeah, we had the impact on it the increased quarter-over-quarter was like $10 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Ramsey of FBR Capital Markets.
Bob Ramsey: I appreciate the color about the loan pipeline heading into the first quarter so I understand there is some seasonality in the growth you saw maybe this quarter but could you just talk a little bit about maybe why neutralization trends or how the pipeline into the first compares to what you saw coming into the fourth and more generally what’s in the pipeline today is still C&I and CRE and with the fourth quarter, do you think you all saw the benefits as peers or was some of that picking up market share or just broader fall term on growth?
René Jones: Let me just give you the line utilization percentage. I have that but I just can’t see where it is. So what I do is, I look at the pipeline and then I go back to February and I do a line way across to normalize it and what you see is the pipeline is steadily growing. There is a little bit lumpiness from time to time, a fair amount towards the end of the quarter. But when you normalize for it, you see a steady increase. There is no difference in – how do I say this, you see it everywhere so I’ll give you some feel. But if you look at our middle market business, right, we had growth in the portfolio and in the pipeline in Buffalo, Albany, Rochester, Southern New York, Northern PA, Central PA, Philadelphia, Hudson Valley, Washington D.C. and our commercial real estate book, it was in Buffalo, Albany, Central New York; New York City had good growth; Philadelphia, Hudson valley and a little bit in Washington D.C. So you can see it across the board. Then when you look at overall what we saw in terms of the big increase in the pipeline during the fourth quarter and then some of which extended over to our loan growth, you had some 30% of it was in the real estate and rental space and then remember for us that would be a lot of owner occupied. Then we probably had another 10% in healthcare, another 10% in manufacturing, and then retail trade was probably a close second. So, it's kind of much what you saw in the Fed report actually, in that, manufacturing and a number of different sectors actually saw the increase. So, I looked at it, if you sort of normalize the way the $1.2 billion for a minute that generally most of the sectors are seeing an increase. The one that's not, as you can see by our charge on our private label mortgage-backed securities and the two real estate-related loans that went to nonperforming, that's the same story. If projects are having trouble in housing that really hasn't improved in any way shape or form. Utilization went from 51.7% up to 52.12%.
Bob Ramsey: Maybe could you talk about some of the opportunities you all are thinking about in terms of the Wilmington Trust wealth products and sort of plans and early auctions that you all are taking to capitalize on that?
René Jones: At this point we're heavily into the integration process. I think we thought and have sort of proven out is that as we meet the clients on the wealth management side and the trust business, we continue to see that the customers fit into our real house and there is a lot of opportunity for us, particularly as we look to the M&T footprint, we've already seen responses and enquiries from our own customer base asking us about Wilmington and what the prospects of the business and opportunities are there. I think when you look at our basic business, which is where the lender to middle market and small business companies, which means that you have – a lot of the people that we're doing business with are owner operators, or having a lot invested in their business. It kind of done to have nicely; sort of at end of the day, we see a lot of prices where we'll be able to add that sort of higher service wealth management capability to that group. When you think about it, they operated in Delaware and some folks at other places on the wealth side. Really, our distribution in Baltimore with a number one distribution there, and quite frankly, our market share in the other places we do business creates a lot of opportunity. The challenge is going to be just what you saw; it's on the credit side. So there is a lot of work that we have to do there, and we'll continue to work out that with our partners. I guess what I would say is that the one bright spot on the credit side is that if there was any concern about lending that had gone on in the year past before we showed up. We would suggest that that's probably abating because that Wellington now has sort of the strength of M&T behind it. That's also very positive for their customers in the commercial side. So, we see a lot of positives, but I would also say that we had a lot of work to do.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Alexopoulos of JP Morgan Securities.
Steve Alexopoulos: Could you just clarify the comments you made on the smaller of the two credits that moved into nonaccrual. Just wondering, is this renewal issue that should be corrected here in the first quarter and taken out of nonaccrual, or is this a distress loan modification issue?
René Jones: Well, we'll find out I guess. It’s a wonderful question. Today, based on all the facts, it looks like more of a technical issue, but then have you actually got it and secure it, you don't know that. So that's why we put it in non-performing. We sort of turn to air on the positive side of things. I mean, you’re right in this space. So, it would be a credit where we’re hoping that that the renewal takes place. There's some possibility that it might not. But, again, as we look at it, we don't see much lost content there. So, technically I guess it could go either way.
Steve Alexopoulos: Do you own these, outright these two credits or these participations?
René Jones: Do we own them outright?
Steve Alexopoulos: In other words, are you participating with other banks with either of these credits?
René Jones: I don't recall these being participations for one, I’m just trying to think – actually, one potentially, the larger one potentially could be with some small institutions, but the second one I don't recall where it is. If that changes, I'll get something to you in a few minutes.
Steve Alexopoulos: René given, maybe we'll shift gears, given the improvement you're seeing in commercial loan growth, does this change in your outlook Bayview at all for 2011, and do you expect that to be less of a financial drag for the year?
René Jones: We don't have any change – again, I think from valuation standpoint, the engine behind lots of the valuation that we have in Bayview has to do with Bayview asset management. We were relying very, very little on the idea or if any, on the idea that the securitization market will come back. So we haven't changed our view there at all, and I wouldn't expect in the near term much change and the income statement impact.
Steve Alexopoulos: Just final. Do you have an estimated date at this point where you'll close the Wilmington deal?
René Jones: No, we do not.
Steve Alexopoulos: No. Still second or third quarter?
René Jones: Yeah, we got to go through the application process. There was never any discussion in the third quarter, but we had targeted somewhere of in the mid year, which we were thinking probably somewhere in the second quarter. You got to go through your process, so you don't really know, and the two loans are our loss.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Kenneth Usdin: A question, big picture about just loans versus deposit growth and I'm just wondering if you can characterize what part of the business or the deposit growth coming in and generally how would you expect as commercial loan growth does start to come back, are you starting to see any behavioral changes as far as the commercial deposits, and how you expect one side of the balance sheet to act versus the other, as we do start to see some loan growth come back?
René Jones: I haven't heard or seen anything that suggests on a big change, particularly in this quarter. It's a growth that we have been seeing; say first, second, and third quarter seem to be slowing a bit on the deposit side, well, obviously, that wasn't the case this quarter. But I haven't seen anything that suggested that. I don't have really more there. I would expect that deposit balances are elevated, first, because of the low interest rates, which this is pretty typical that happens, and because of the severity of the low interest rates, you say a lot of money that would otherwise be parked in money fund. One of the things I think is interesting is that, as that will happen we'll see some maybe runoff, natural runoff on the deposit side, but it is interesting that the business that will benefit from that would be our Trust and Investment Group and Wilmington Trust business, right, so, but no evidence.
Kenneth Usdin: Well, I guess the question is so then where is incremental deposit growth coming from today, given that rates have been low for such a long time and as you start to think about rates eventually going higher, how do you expect your deposit pricing to act versus rate increases? Understanding your point the Company is inheriting asset sensitive, do you expect any different change as far as this cycle versus previous cycles?
René Jones: No, I don't. I mean, again this is evidence, but I haven't seen much. So, I think things probably will move text book. I look out next year if we have modest loan growth which is a change organically from past several quarters than I would guess that we do not have a lot of deposit growth. But I don't see, if it is classic.
Kenneth Usdin: Then my second question is just couple of specific line items. Just can you talk through the strength in trading revenues and the even ex the K Bank gain, other income was above our run rate, was anything going in either of those two areas from either just business activity or one-time stuff?
René Jones: No, all business activity, I mean let me answer the other income first. The other income in one way shape or form cannot be classified as those commercial fees. So, we had an increase in loan syndication fees syndicating the credit out. We had an increase in the advisory fees, where we're helping someone with a liquidity event during the quarter. We had an increase in general loan fees. We have ended term leases. Then if you go up to trading, the increase in trading was people doing swaps, swapping their fixed rate loans to floating I believe. So, all of that activity was really commercial activity this quarter.
Kenneth Usdin: Is it fair to say as we would see a general improvement in commercial activity those two areas should continue to do fairly well or grow along the lines with the commercial book?
René Jones: The trading is very rate sensitive and turning what's moving with rates. So you see that coming in and out as the rates change, but the other business I think that's pretty fair to say. Our syndication fees have been relatively low just because the pipeline was low in the first half of the year, and now you've seen a change there, so I wouldn't agree with that.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Fox of Fenimore Asset Management.
John Fox: My main question was on the residential mortgages, which you answered. Second question is, René when you have the expense for the mortgage put backs, which I think you said increased about $10 million, where is that accounted for, does that run through the mortgage line or is it in other expense or where we see that in the income statement?
René Jones: It runs through revenue, so that's the other part of the decline from the $61 million to the $35 million.
John Fox: So it's netted in revenue? In mortgage.
René Jones: Mortgage banking revenues.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Jave [ph] with Cowen.
Andrew Jave: Couple of quick questions. First is, if your portfolio in mortgages are you also open to buying loans from other financial institutions. If so, explain what are you looking for?
René Jones: Well, actually that's the point, we just think that it makes more sense to retain the mortgages that we have rather than buy mortgages and securities from somebody else, because you give up a transaction fee. So we just think it's sufficient to keep our own, so we haven't been buying mortgages and we typically don't, sometimes we'll buy servicing.
Andrew Jave: Second question is about unrealized losses and securities versus the market interest rates that everyone can easily observe. Are there some details or call it you can give us so that we can better relate it too?
René Jones: No. I think the unrealized loss would have been greater probably towards the end of November, but then we had a swing back in the rates, all right. So I don't know Don, is there anything you could think of that would have caused it to be.
Don MacLeod: No. There is nothing there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Collyn Gilbert with Stifel Nicolaus.
Collyn Gilbert: René, I just got a big picture for you as you look at your potential growth opportunities within the business. What do you think given where we are in the economic cycle and rates and everything? Where do you think your best opportunities are for putting on growth with the best risk adjusted returns?
René Jones: We think it's kind of an easy answer for me and its right in our warehouses the business banking and middle market clients and when I say that obviously some of them are doing some real estate lending with us but that type of clients we think has got great prospects. We've never seen a big fall-off as you can see in our rankings in a small business side. Having said that all those customers have been relatively cautious, so I don't view us as having really lost any share or not being well positioned when they start to actually make investments. I think that's a real positive. I do think and I can't say enough I am very encouraged by the idea of having a new product set in the Wilmington Trust side to help with that process. I think as was the case for our small investment banking and our advisory business and a few other businesses that we got from offers, I would think that if we do that well that's going to provide additional opportunity, but the customer will be the same customer.
Collyn Gilbert: That doesn't change at all. Can you just give us an update on what some of the larger credits might be right now on your watch list?
René Jones: I just told you that.
Collyn Gilbert: …that are not yet in nonperformers.
René Jones: Let me see. I don't want to give you a short of an answer. So let me give you – give me a second here. I mean I will say generally if you look at credit, there is not a lot of large loans that we haven't talked about some way shape or form. The two largest are the two that we just talked about. So we don't have anything larger than that in our non-performing book and as you go to the third largest loan…
Collyn Gilbert: I don't mean to interrupt you, but I don't mean that it's currently in the nonperforming book but that’s not that you keep that's currently performing that you're keeping an eye on. Because neither of these – I mean they may be…
René Jones: Yeah. I mean, I – specific credits and so – I mean, there is just not a lot that if you look from a year ago where you have credits of large size, you just don't see a lot of that. There is still probably stuff in the resi space or the construction space which would be anything tied to housing which would be lingering in there. But they are not large credits and these credits you saw here would be the exception.
Collyn Gilbert: I guess I'm just a little surprised that given where we are in this housing cycle but we're still seeing large-sized credits move to nonperforming. I think given that you said you had an eye on them for a while but I guess I'm just trying to dig into that. How much longer into this cycle do we need to go that we're going to still see large credits migrate into there and you're saying that not many?
René Jones: I would say not many. Those were not typical. Hand on one second. We’re just looking at, for example, in the fourth quarter the catalogue addition; I mean, there is nothing above $25 million if they’re just trying to be smaller, whereas that would not have been the case a year or more ago.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Paul, a private investor.
Gary Paul: I have two topics; one relates to allowance and the other relates to capital. As people have asked questions and others have done on the repayment of TARP and whether you need to raise capital and since you have not shown a concern of over-involvement of government, the way the big banks did for your having TARP. Since the dividend on that is 5% now and doesn’t go to 9% until 2013, if the economy doesn’t become robust and absent acquisitions which probably won’t materially alter your capital needs because almost any active, any untroubled one will be all stock at present. I'm not asking you if this is your strategy. But it looks to me like you could hold the TARP which Dodd-Frank allows as capital until the rate goes up to 9% in 2013, and with your capital generation need to issue little or no new capital as some people are concerned about. Is that a viable potential? I'm not asking if it's the strategy.
René Jones: I would say Gary that I don't like the idea because the TARP does not absorb any losses, all it does is, saying your financial comment. So, the idea that you think you're getting something that you're having some peep laid out there, it doesn't make much sense because you're not really using it for actual loss of building capacity, right.
Gary Paul: Your cost of common capitals has got to be above 5%, not cash flow?
René Jones: I’m with you, but it's all about risk management and that doesn't absorb any losses, it just takes (inaudible) go generation away. So, that's how I think about it.
Gary Paul: The second question, the government in its usual – let's forget the consequences, has caused any bank doing meaningful acquisitions to have allowance ratios that don't really give you enough on adequacy because you no longer have an allowance related to the acquiree. Can you with respect to deals already completed give any type of ballpark as to how much mark for allowance is in your acquired bank's marks. You give them for example $0.5 billion when you start Wilmington Trust, but two years down the road, you don't know how much of the loans are there and you don't know how much of the mark is there?
René Jones: I feel like we didn't some of it [ph], I don't have it in front of me, but, I would say that if you look at the mark that we did for Provident. First of all, just in terms of – I think you understand it, but you'll have to take a look at your disclose rate, you really would have to change and instead of allowance for loans, just make allowance to marks of loan and we do that for M&T, although I don't have in front of me, they are very, very high, because you have to add in the equivalent of the $320 million that we had of credit estimates in our marks for Provident. We've probably had charge-offs of maybe $120 million out of the Provident portfolio. The last time I look, which is not this recent quarter, but we were more than $100 million ahead on that. So that probably gives you some sort of sense. We did assess it in last June and what we said is, we didn't think that a 100% of that $100 million was necessary, something that we could reverse, because we said, there maybe some of it actually is going to be pushed out, and maybe the cycle of this like to go longer. If you take those numbers, you can get yourselves to what we have as a rough remaining mark that's out there.
Gary Paul: So, am I interpreting your statement accurately to say that in a sense, there is $100 million to $200 million of unrecorded reserves that are sort of reserves for losses.
René Jones: I hate to think – we haven't disclosed that particular number and if we were to, we just put it in the K, but there is a substantial amount of the mark remaining and as you get to Wilmington, we will work the same way with the number that we put out there. So if you think about it, just go to Wilmington, the bank is one-fifth our size and the market is bigger than our allowance. So the old ratios just don’t work.
Gary Paul: No, no, I agree with that and I’m just trying to bust through and see what order of magnitude is really there and it does sound like there is $100 million or $200 million that I should view as additional allowance unofficially?
René Jones: Our controller is sitting here and saying no. I appreciate the question; we'll consider how much more we should be disclosing about that in a moment but he is stopping us from that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Foran of Nomura.
Brian Foran: The statement, limited returns on indirect auto in the current environment. Can you just talk about, is that a price statement or is that a future projected losses statement or something else that's driving that. Then are the returns out right bad or they just not as good as what you can get on other opportunities?
René Jones: I think that we want a little bit a pro forma on every single month of all the volumes that we do which a full P&L and we have an appetite for that business, because we like it. But at times the competition gets a little frothy and as we – if we can generate a return above our cost of capital then our appetite for the volume actually slows down and I would say that in some ways I kind of guess it has to do with the fact that we just came through the cycle where there was not a lot of credit demand. So, a number of banks were probably going to that space and it just makes it very competitive in terms of pricing and that takes the returns down to a breakeven economics. So we tend to have a little bit of risk on there and we’d just rather take the slower growth than not generate economic profits.
Brian Foran: Then a follow-up on the mortgage retention. Given how high gain on sale is right now across the industry, is portfolio and mortgages even more profitable than the gain on sell route or is it more about the benefits you get from an AUM perspective make it worthwhile to portfolio things even if the standalone return is a little lower?
René Jones: Generally, it's the latter. But if it’s an AUM issue, we don't see much of an impact on our long run income statement from that move and the economics for selling, retaining should be generally the same as long as you are funding it properly, right, because you are not doing a carry trade or something like that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gerard Cassidy of RBS.
Gerard Cassidy: My other question was just asked, but to follow up on that question, do you think the – is the competition in the indirect auto space coming more from banks expanding more aggressively or is it the cap that is coming back into the business?
René Jones: I don't know about the cap. But I can tell in the bank space that the way I look at it is there is probably two camps. There is a camp that just has a lower cost of borrowing than us and I think you've heard some stories about the securitization market being back and appetite for that and so that actually pulls demand away from us because we just don't have as lower cost of borrowing as some of the bigger players and so that gives them a little advantage. Then I think there is another half which is just smaller institutions chasing the assets that they can get, right? I don't know about the captives?
Gerard Cassidy: Regarding loan demand in general when we talk to you, when your guys on the front line talk to their commercial customers are they seeing any signs or feeling better that your customers are going to maybe drawing down lines on commercial to build up for inventories or capital expenditures. Are you seeing any evidence of that yet?
René Jones: The last survey we did was in the third quarter of some kind of dry on new information but we've seen generally positive signs from our customer base. A quarter ago they were just going to sidelines a bit but very healthy you seek a little bit of utilization pick up, but we've most of the stories I have heard are generally positive ones.
Gerard Cassidy: Finally, when you guys do your asset liability modeling what type of assumptions are you using should the Fed start raising Fed fund rate let’s say in the second half of this year for your interest bearing deposits on retail side what type of assumption are you using on the amount of those deposits that will reprice after the first Fed funds an increase of let’s say 50 basis points?
René Jones: Very specific I haven’t got that question a long time, I have to get a little (inaudible).
Gerard Cassidy: Now we really have been giving you just all easy questions?
René Jones: Yeah, I not saying that our reactivity is probably pretty consistent with the past and we move up to it, but I just don’t have it right in front of me.
Gerard Cassidy: I could hear from Don later.
René Jones: Yeah. We will be happy to provide it. I think we do provide that kind of information in our disclosures, so…
Operator: Your next question comes from Mac Hodgson with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Mac Hodgson: On a two large new nonaccrual loans in the quarter, where are those located from a market perspective or geographic standpoint?
René Jones: We didn’t say that, well I think one is in the PA area, the other would be customer – customer in our Maryland market, it’s not acquired loan.
Mac Hodgson: Then on capital, when you did the Wilmington Trust acquisition you estimated that the TCE range at the second quarter of 596 to 640, is that still accurate and does that assume any sort of capital issued to support the acquisition?
René Jones: We haven't changed anything we said on Wilmington Trust and I think the nice part of that is, we have some time to get in there and see how everything works out both for M&T and Wilmington and then if it changes we’ll say something, but haven’t said anything there.
Mac Hodgson: Just to clarify that, so it does not assume a capital raise for the acquisition?
René Jones: What we had said is that we bought about the accretion in the economics of the deal within the idea that if there was potential TARP repayment we’ve included all the costs and economics in there. So we haven’t talked about capital raise, we’ve just talked about the economics of the deal.
Mac Hodgson: Then just one last on M&A, should we assume you guys are out of the market for any sort similar buys transaction until Wilmington is closed and fully integrated, say maybe 2012 would be a time when you’d be ready?
René Jones: For other activity or other M&A activity, is that your question?
Mac Hodgson: Yeah, of kind of seller size?
René Jones: I would say generally that we get through our work pretty quickly, but in terms of our mindset today, we're very focused on Wilmington, and we think that it would be silly to focus on something else, because if we can execute it well, it means a lot to both organizations. So, we really haven't talked much about that, but I guess as we get towards the end of next year ask us the question again and we'll tell you, if we're on to other things. But I think Wilmington is our focus. If I could just get back to Gerard's question, we had initially first rate hike, if you saw a rate hike I think we had initially about 30% reactivity, but you got to take a look at that. I think what it basically says is, we got a fair amount of cushion I think it's pretty consistent with what we have seen in the past. We'll take a look at it over a longer period than just sort it from the initial hike.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sachin Shah of Capstone Global.
Sachin Shah: I just wanted to follow-up on this regulatory approval process of Wilmington Trust, any kind of clarity or transparency on where some of these regulatory approvals stand besides the OTS or where approval is never required.
René Jones: As the approvals happen and they become public, we'll talk about it. But there is no update.
Sachin Shah: Any comment on when you expect a shareholder vote, if you have on Wilmington side?
René Jones: No, no news there.
Sachin Shah: When you see second quarter possibility of a deal close, are we talking Easter second quarter or are we talking Memorial Day second quarter?
René Jones: We don't have a date, so basically that information is what we said on November 1st when we announced the deal and if we have an update to it we'll say it publicly.
Sachin Shah: Just one last question. Now you mentioned the loan losses when you announced the deal about $1 billion or so. Is there any concern about consummating the deal, any issues as far as the loan losses, anything that would deter you from this consummated deal as you're kind of working through integration and completing the deal?
René Jones: If we had a material issue we would've said it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Matthew Kelley of Sterne Agee Leach.
Matthew Kelley: I was wondering on the residential construction book of business, are you seeing any pockets of strength throughout the footprint on C&D loans or is it weak across the entire franchise?
René Jones: No, I don't think it's – I don't see any differentiation really across the regions. I think it's more differentiated by the strength of the underlying borrower and their individual wherewithal. So, I think it's a case-by-case basis. Some projects are moving and even within the two, one of them is showing and moving property and the other is doing lesser than some.
Matthew Kelley: The one other question, just on the mortgage banking business, the gain on sale margins in the fourth quarter versus what you're seeing today and what you were seeing in the first half of the year, what kind of changes have you seen?
René Jones: Gain was somewhat a little less in the fourth quarter than the third but actually probably – fourth quarter probably looked more like the first and second. Third looks relatively high but there is still high gain on sale margins relative to history.
Matthew Kelley: What are those today you're seeing?
René Jones: I would probably still – probably what they were in the past and maybe in the past we were somewhere between any given time maybe between 80 and 100 basis points, and starting with your 100 basis points when you said that.
Operator: At this time, I'm showing no further questions. So I'll turn the conference back to Mr. MacLeod for any closing remarks.
Don MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today. As always, if clarification of any items on the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department at 716-842-5138.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the M&T Bank fourth quarter fiscal year 2010 earnings conference call. We appreciate your time. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-20 10:34:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the M&T Bank Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Call. (Operator instructions). After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions). Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Don McLeod, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Donald McLeod: Thank you Paula and good morning. I’d like to welcome everyone to M&T’s Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read our earnings release we issued earlier this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website www.mtb.com and by clicking on the investor relations link. Also before we start, I’d like to mention that comments made during this call may contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings including those found on forms 8-K, 10-K, and 10-Q for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now I’d like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, Rene Jones.
Rene Jones: Thank you Don and welcome everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. I believe with the last call this morning among our regional and sub-regional peers so when we’re finished you can settle down and try to assess what it all means. I’d like to cover the highlights of the recent quarter, after which I’ll take your questions. For the third quarter of 2010, diluted earnings per common share were $1.48, up from $1.46 in the previous quarter, and $0.97 in the third quarter of 2009. Net income for the recent quarter was $192 million, up from 189 million in the linked quarter and $128 million in last year’s third quarter. Recall that our GAAP results for the third quarter of ’09 included $9 million of after tax merger related benefit arising from a gain on the Bradford Bank acquisition, which was partially offset by merger related expenses arising from both the Provident and Bradford transactions. There were no merger related expenses in this year’s second or third quarter. Our results for the third quarter of 2010 included after tax expense from the amortization of intangible assets amounting to $8 million or $0.07 per share. This compares to $9 million and $0.07 per common share in the linked quarter and $10 million or $0.09 per common share in the year ago quarter. Net operating income, which excludes the amortization of intangibles, as well as the net merger related benefit in last year’s third quarter was $200 million for the recent quarter, up from $198 million in the linked quarter and $129 million in last year’s third quarter. Diluted net operating income per share was at $1.55 for the third quarter of 2010, up from $1.53 per share in the prior quarter and up 58% from the $0.98 per share in last year’s third quarter. And according to SEC guidelines, this morning’s press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP results including tangible assets and equity. Turning to the balance sheet and income statement, taxable equivalent net interest income was $576 million for the third quarter, up from $573 million in the linked quarter and up 4% from 553 million in the third quarter of 2009. The net interest margin expanded slightly during the quarter, rising to 3.87% from 3.84% in the second quarter of 2010 and was up 26 basis points from the 3.61% in last year’s third quarter. The yield on earnings assets was up about 2 basis points during the quarter, primarily reflecting favorable loan re-pricing. We also realized the benefit of prepayment penalties and the recognition of cash interest payments on non-accruing loans that was comparable to the levels that we saw in the second quarter. The cost of funds declined by 1 basis point, reflecting the benefit of a shift in mix of core deposits from time deposits to non maturity savings product. Looking forward, we seem to be on track with our previous comments back in January that our full year margin would not likely be higher than 380 to 385. Through the first 9 months of 2010, the margin was 3.83%. As for the balance sheet, average earnings assets declined by an annualized 5% as compared to the second quarter of 2010 and this included the impact from $382 million decrease in investment securities and a $443 million or 3% annualized decline in average loan balances. On an end of period basis, total loans for this year’s third quarter declined by 270 million or 2% annualized from the end of the prior quarter. On the same basis by category, C&I loans declined by 229 million or 7% annualized. Commercial real estate loans declined by $33 million or 1%. Consumer loans also declined by $33 million or 1% while residential real estate loans grew by $25 million or 2%. Despite the overall pressure on loan volumes, we’ve seen a few encouraging signs. On an end of period basis, the pace of decline in total loans is flowed from rates seen in each of this year’s first and second quarters. In the final month of the quarter, we saw a growth in commercial and industrial loans and stable commercial real estate loans. Finally, much of the quarterly decline appeared to be driven by lower utilization rates as overall commitments rose. Turning to non-interest income, our non-interest income was 290 million for the recent quarter, up from 274 million in the linked quarter, and the recent quarter’s results included $8 million of securities losses compared with 22 million in the prior quarter. Mortgage banking fees was $61 million for the third quarter compared with 47 million in the linked quarter. Origination volumes were up 29% during the recent quarter, reflecting, in part, the record low interest rates while gain on sale margins widened further from this year’s second quarter. Service charges on deposit accounts were $118 million during the recent quarter, compared with 129 million in the linked quarter. The 9% decline was attributable to the implementation of the new regulation. The customer response to the new regulation has been consistent with or perhaps slightly better than our expectations. Our decision not to charge NSF fees on transactions less than $10 has had a negative impact on overall fees but has met with a favorable response from our customers. Turning to expenses, operating expenses, which excludes the amortization and tangible assets were $467 million compared with 461 million in the linked quarter. This year’s third quarter results included a $3 million addition to the impairment allowance for capitalized mortgage servicing rights, compared with the $2 million addition in the allowance in the second quarter, last year’s third quarter results included no adjustment to the impairment allowance. The efficiency ratio, which excludes securities gains and losses as well as intangible amortization was 53.4% in the third quarter, up just slightly from the 53.1% in the linked quarter. Next let’s turn to credit. Overall credit trends remain stable with the linked quarter and considerably improved from the prior year. Criticize and classified loans declined for the fourth consecutive quarter. Non-accrual loans were 1.1 billion or 2.16% of loans at the end of the recent quarter, compared with 1.09 billion or 2.13% of loans at the end of the previous quarter. Foreclosed assets were unchanged from the previous quarter at quarter end at $193 million and non-performing asset ratio, which is non-performing assets divided by total loans plus real estate and other foreclosed assets was 2.53% as of September 30, 2010 compared with 2.50% at June 30. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of loans were 73 basis points in the third quarter compared with 64 basis points in the linked quarter for the 9 months ended September 30 annualized net charge-offs were 70 basis points, down from 100 basis points in the year earlier period. Net charge-offs for commercial and industrial loans were 33 million in the third quarter compared with 9 million in the linked quarter. Net charge-offs for residential builder construction loans were 11 million for the recent quarter compared with 17 million in the prior quarter. Net charge-offs for all other commercial real estate loans were 7 million, down from 19 million in the second quarter. Net charge-offs in residential real estate loans were 17 million in the third quarter compared to 13 million in the linked quarter and net charge-offs on consumer loans were 25 million in the third quarter compared to 24 million in the linked quarter. The provision for credit losses was $93 million in the third quarter compared with 85 million in the linked quarter. The allowance for loan losses was unchanged at 895 million at the end of the third quarter. The ratio of allowance to credit losses to Legacy M&T loans, which excludes acquired loans that were marked to value add at the acquisition was also unchanged at 1.86% as compared to June 30th. The loan loss allowance as at September 30 was 2.4 times annual net charge-offs for the recent quarter and 2.5 times annualized net charge-offs year-to-date. We disclosed loans past due 90 days but still accruing separately from non-accrual loans because they are deemed to be well secured and in the process of collection, which is to say that there is minimal risk of principal loss. In our case, that’s particularly true. Loans 90 days past due were 215 million at the end of the recent quarter. Of these, 194 million or 90% are guaranteed by government related entities. Those figures were 203 million and 188 million respectively at the end of June. M&T’s tangible common equity ratio was 5.96% at the end of the third quarter, an increase of 21 basis points from 5.75% at the end of June. The Tier 1 common ratio was an estimated 6.4% as of the end of the recent quarter, improved from 6.15% at the end of the second quarter. Turning to our outlook, M&T’s credit trends continue to compare favorably with those of the industry overall and we’re seeing signs that the economy continues to stabilize although unemployment remains high. The decline in loan volumes has continued to moderate and we expect that trend to continue but at a slow pace. Late in the third quarter, we began to retain conforming mortgages originated through our retail network to hold on the balance sheet. With the run off in our securities book, our level of sensitivity has been getting a little higher than we like. We believe that it makes more sense in the current environment to retain our own production of mortgage loans rather than to sell them and simultaneously purchase securities from others. For the near term, this actually will reduce our residential gain on sale revenues, which ultimately will be offset by higher net interest income in subsequent periods. We’re also thinking through the best approach to collateralize seasonal inflows of government deposits to the extent that we choose to use repurchase agreements, we’d expect a modest benefit to net interest income in the future and the reduction of net interest margin by a few basis points. Finally, 2 weeks ago, Allied Irish Banks took their initial steps to divest their shareholding in M&T that they’ve held since we bought all First Financial from them in 2003. In doing so, they sold 26.7 million notes convertible into 26.7 million shares of M&T stock following the approval by AIB shareholders. The notes were priced at $77.50 each, valuing the at 2.5 times our June 30 tangible book value and 20.2 million of those notes were sold to 123 institutional investors so 6.5 million of the notes were sold to the retail channel. We believe that successful completion of this offering demonstrates the strength of M&T’s access to the capital markets. In closing, I would remind you that all of our projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events and other macroeconomic factors, which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. We’ll now open up the call to questions, before which Paula will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: (Operator instructions). Your first question comes from Bob Ramsey of FBR Capital Markets
Rene Jones: Hi Bob
Bob Ramsey: Good morning.
Rene Jones: Good morning
Bob Ramsey: I think it’s interesting that you mentioned that you all are beginning to portfolio conforming mortgages, and historically you felt that the return on capital on these assets didn’t justify having a big portfolio. Could you just maybe expand a little bit on the change with mortgage rates as low as they are and also talk about are these arms or are they fixed rate mortgages or what is sort of the focus?
Rene Jones: I think that -- we don’t have a difference in change. We’ve not changed our thinking. We still have the same view of what the returns generally are on residential mortgage, especially given the role of [indiscernible]. But having said that, we long sort of viewed residential mortgages as substitute for securities. We have the same profile and we clump them all into our discretionary portfolio so what is unusual today is that there’s a big difference in both rates and yields and returns that you can get on mortgages and securities today and so if you start thinking about it, it really doesn’t make sense for us to be selling assets at the same time we’re buying them because we’re basically just giving up the transaction spread. So economically, the best thing to sort of do to balance out your portfolio is just slow down the amount that you’re selling and it sort of helps to keep ourselves neutral. So it’s the cheapest way to keep the balance sheet where we like it.
Bob Ramsey: Okay, that helps. And then could you also talk a little bit about your plans for trust prefers, there’s Basel III and US capital rules so we get a little bit clear. I know they’re largely callable do you all anticipate calling them at some point? If so, how would that funding be replaced and what might be the impact on funding cost?
Rene Jones: You’ve got a 2 part question. The first part is a big chunk of them, 450 million or so just are cheap debt. Their price is so low that we would never sort of call them -- we would retain them. And then the second half of it is sort of what happens with capital, and as you know, we really won’t find out probably for another 6 months exactly what the rules will be around that so I realize that they’ll probably lose their capital content, but I guess the big question really is what is the sort of rules around [indiscernible] and when you think of them and see -- if you were to stack up our capital structure versus everybody else’s, much more of our Tier 1 risk rate is capital -- or let’s say Tier 1 common equity is just dependent upon common equity so we’ve never -- what our likely thinking is going to be thinking about the risk rating of our balance sheet and our minds, is the risk rating today appropriate or do we need to have a different one which would basically mean maybe you’d hold more residential mortgages or some other types of securities slightly. In terms of what we do with the rest of it, it depends on what the rules are. But it’s all callable so we would take it out if it was necessary, but I don’t think you still have enough information around what exact rules are going to be to make that decision today.
Bob Ramsey: Alright, great. Thank you Rene.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pancari of Evercore Partners
John Pancari: Good morning
Rene Jones: Good morning
John Pancari: Rene, could you talk a little bit more about your loan growth outlook, specifically the trends that you saw in September? It’s interesting you actually saw some C&I growths and stabilization in CRE, is that something you think could continue given the stabilization and the utilization rates?
Rene Jones: I think that -- if I go back to where we were in January, what we’re talking about is that we have planned to have a certain amount of loan growth for the year, and we didn’t expect to see much in the first half but we thought it would turn around by the second. I think all that is happening. It’s just happening at a much slower pace. So that’s why I mentioned the fact that if you look at first the second, second the third and then now this last quarter, you see a moderation in the decline. The other thing that I think is relatively encouraging is that when we look at this quarter’s decline, almost all of it on the commercial side is lower utilization, and I think what you’re seeing if we kind of work our way across the commercial bank, we’ve seen for example in the Mid Atlantic a number of customers who are paying down debt, repositioning themselves. We’ve seen in the commercial real estate space a number of pretty well healed commercial real estate folks actually just looking at the liquidity and their portfolio, maybe selling down some projects to improve the overall liquidity position. But overall, our commitments are up so I think people are just on hold. The rates are low, they’re trying to lock in some credit today but they’re not necessarily using it because they’re not yet investing. I would guess if the trends continue to improve but I wouldn’t expect a big spike up in loan growth all of a sudden. The other thing I’d point out is that in the volume of loans that run through our senior loan committee, they were higher than last quarter and the returns were better.
John Pancari: Okay, that’s helpful. On the MT [indiscernible] you saw them go up in the quarter despite the increase in charge-offs and you’ve indicated that the [indiscernible] list improved but can you talk a little bit about the inflows into non-performance in this quarter and what that may mean in the coming quarters.
Rene Jones: The increase is of $9 million and I think what’s most interesting to me is that in that $9 million increase, there was a $27 million increase in construction and development, and of that $27 million increase in construction and development, 15 million came from [indiscernible] so you’re not going to see a lot of content coming from there. The continued positive trend was that [audio break] so when we look at construction and developments, this is a portfolio that we’ve marked before or a portfolio that we’ve sort of taken -- reserve for in the balance sheet and so there are really no surprises there so I think as Don has been saying for some time, you’re just going to get some lumpiness as we move our way and things improve. It will take some time, and this is one of the quarters where we saw some more C&D actually fall from the classified book into non-performing.
John Pancari: Alright, thanks Rene.
Operator: Your next question is from Craig Siegenthaler of Credit Suisse
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks. Good morning Rene.
Rene Jones: Morning
Craig Siegenthaler: How should we think about the loan or deposit ratio trending here, especially with your comments on holding more resi mortgage loans, but maybe with the makeshift from deposit growth to collateralized deposits, which really get excluded from this map?
Rene Jones: Loan deposit ratios are proxy, it’s all about liquidity, and really we’re using the resis to replace the runoff and the securities book so on the profile basis, it doesn’t change it very much. I will say that if you look at the numbers, I think our deposit growth was flat but what that’s really driven by is over $450 million of a decline in government deposits from the second to the third, and what you see going into the fourth is that they seasonally spike back up. So I think there’s not that much change. Deposit growth is slower than we’ve seen in the past, and that probably is just consistent with the idea that the flow lending environment is flying out a little bit as well. But there’s not a lot of news there.
Craig Siegenthaler: And then can you just remind us from a liquidity side you’ve been building a little bit of excess liquidity here with the stronger deposit growth. Is your plans to deploying that help offset declines driven from security pricing here?
Rene Jones: We said in the script, we talked about this idea of putting on [rebounce] to collateralize our government deposits. If you wanted to make a little more money and do that, you’d put on securities, but I think we’re a little cautious because we think that the prices of securities are artificially inflated today based on the government buying and all the news out there so really what we’re doing is nothing and we’re just holding our options open. But you’re right, we would have room if we wanted the balance sheet to be a little bit bigger and we could make a little bit more money but I think we’re still a little cautious and uncertain.
Craig Siegenthaler: Alright, great. Thank you for taking my questions.
Operator: Next question comes from Steven Alexopoulos of JPMorgan
Rene Jones: Hi Steven
Steve Alexopoulos: Good morning Rene. Maybe we could start, Rene, I know last quarter you said you guys provide for loans to address repurchase risk. I was hoping to get a little more color on that this quarter. Maybe could you just break out for us the amount of loans you sold and are still outstanding over ’05 to ’08? How much of that was Alt-A and maybe a split between GSE and private label?
Rene Jones: Why don’t we think about doing that and then we’ll decide how to disclose that publicly. I guess what I would say is it’s hard to do off the cuff. What I would say is that I would guess that when we finish this year, our cost which today goes through revenue would be probably $15 to $17 million for the year, somewhere in that range. Just to give you a sense of what we’re doing, and then that’s tied to a number -- I know we probably get somewhere between 25 and 35 repurchase requests so 25 loans or 35 loans in the course of a month, and then some smaller percentage of that is actually things that we actually settle on and have to pay because people are paying a lot of things back to you but quite frankly, not all of them have a lot of substance. So those are some numbers to start with and then to think about debenturing that.
Steve Alexopoulos: What about -- because you were selling Alt-A -- private label. Is there any way that [indiscernible] how much risk there might be in that area?
Rene Jones: We probably sold $2.5 billion of Alt-A loans into the market, and the thing to think about is, if you follow the stories that are going on, one good thing is that if you marry it to the 1.3 that we started with several years ago, and you look at the credit quality of that Alt-A loan book, and compare it to the national averages, it's better. We didn’t like it but it’s better than average. And then the other thing is that we're early in the chain, right? We originated these loans. So, all the noise about title and who has the right titles to it is a little bit less of an issue for us because there were things where we actually did the work to pass the title, right? So, we don’t have an estimate today, but I am not overly worried about it. If the trend comes, it will happen over a long period of time and you'll have fair warning. But we haven’t seen a request today on those books.
Steve Alexopoulos: Is this also a risk? I know BLG was originating and securitizing commercial credits. Is this at risk in their business too?
Rene Jones: I think the issues that are out there today touch all services, right? So, technically yes, but the extent to which is out there, I don't know. It wouldn’t probably be my space to comment on it. I am just not really familiar with their servicing practice.
Steve Alexopoulos: May be just one final question. The yield on commercial real estate loans was up to around 485. What is that without the prepayment fees; is that around 450, and do you expect the prepayments to continue through year end?
Rene Jones: I'd say, a third of it is maybe prepayments and those types of things; the payments on non-accruals. I'd say a third of it is a fact that we had some repricing off of the book, particularly the book that’s based on three months LIBOR, and then there was just sort of some smaller yield adjustments, but that would be the breakout. So, the LIBOR thing can move every three months or so, and the pre payment penalty is really not all that surprising with the low rate environment, right?
Steve Alexopoulos: Okay. And one technical question, how long has it – you've only been charging for overdraft sort of transaction less than $10?
Rene Jones: It’s either July 1 or August 15. August 15 I think is the answer.
Steve Alexopoulos: So it just started, okay?
Rene Jones: Yeah. It's part of our overall package to address the new legislation.
Steve Alexopoulos: Okay, thanks
Operator: Your next question comes from John Fox of Fenimore Asset Management.
John Fox: Good morning everyone. Before I ask my question, I would just say it'll be great to see in the 10-Q or in 8-K and some of the mortgage information that the last questioner was asking about, so that would be terrific. Most of my questions have been answered, but I have a couple left, regarding the service charges, you obviously talked about NSF and that impact, Rene, can you just comment on any impact you might have for the next year in terms of the debit fee changes and that type of thing, debit cards?
Rene Jones: border: thin none Black; padding: 0.00mm 0.00mm 0.35mm 0.00mm; text-indent: 0.00mm; text-align: left; line-height: 4.166667mm; color: Black; background-color: White; "> I wish I could, but I really don’t have a good sense of that, and I think the way to think about it is much like we addressed the Reg E regulation, right? We kind of did a lot of work around it but weren’t able to provide a lot of estimates, and then as we got closer to it, we gave you some good ballpark sense, but still there are rules to be written and the work to be done on our part to think through that issue. border: thin none Black; padding: 0.00mm 0.00mm 0.35mm 0.00mm; text-indent: 0.00mm; text-align: left; line-height: 4.166667mm; color: Black; background-color: White; ">
John Fox: Okay, we’ll just wait on that. Is there anything your noninterest bearing deposit growth has been very good, is there anything there to show what’s going on and the reason for that?
Rene Jones: No, I think over the long-term, it's everywhere, but a big part of it's in the commercial side, and I think it's just consistent with what you've been seeing in the downward trend in loan demand, and I think those two things will reverse themselves together. We had, if you look over a longer period of time, maybe two years, we've made a big concerted effort to focus on our deposit products and on the commercial side, our treasury management services, and we definitely have gained access to new customers over that time period. So, we're probably much better positioned going into the future than we were in the past.
John Fox: Okay. I thought the expense control was really good, but the other expense line was higher than I expected. You mentioned the MSRs; is there anything else unusual on that line or – I guess overall it was very, very good?
Rene Jones: No, we had a few million dollars of increase in an ORE costs from some reappraisals. We also had higher processing fees for cards and merchant services, which means the volume is coming up, which we sometimes see in September. Kind of funny, everybody goes back to school; they spend a lot of money. Then we had higher professional services expenses that we recorded, and I did talk about the idea that we're going to be spending on deposit related activities in the future last quarter.
John Fox: Okay, and my last question, somebody mentioned the increased liquidity, so maybe you address this, but it just caught my eye looking at the five-quarter trend on the balance sheet of $402 million interest-bearing deposits at other banks. That’s a lot of cash. Is that just because of the environment, lack of loan growth or is it just-- anything to comment on there?
Rene Jones: It's the first part of the repo trade I mentioned, and I think it’s exactly $400 million, and that was driven by the need to collateralize the government deposits as they spike up. It sort of peaks right about now, right around the 15 of October.
John Fox: Okay, thank you.
Rene Jones: You’re welcome
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Clark of KBW.
Rene Jones: Hey Matt?
Operator: Mr. Clark, your line is open. Your next question comes from Collyn Gilbert of Stifel Nicolaus. Collyn Gilbert, your line is open
Collyn Gilbert: Rene, you may have covered this, but just along the lines of the residential mortgage originations in the third quarter, the amount that you sold versus what you retained, what were those numbers and then what are you kind of anticipating for volume in coming quarters or at least maybe in the third quarter, given the pipeline?
Rene Jones: I think we sold – you know what, let me try to answer it this way and then I will come back to that if you still need them. I would guess that if we pick up purchases, let me just guess that it’s $500 million to $600 million worth of purchases, and if gain on sales margins are 150 to 200, you are talking about $10 million of impact, right, $10 million or $0.05 a share, which you would see out of the gate in the fourth quarter. And then in terms of -- you are looking for volume sold?
Collyn Gilbert: Well, or as much too curious about what we can expect you to retain as part of your strategy to keep more mortgages versus the securities?
Rene Jones: Yeah, for now I think that’s the best estimate I can give you, maybe 500 or $500 million to $600 million more than we have in the past quarter.
Collyn Gilbert: Okay. That’s what your comment was.
Don MacLeod: The only thing I'd remind you that Collyn is that we’ll go from zero to a number, so the face value of the mortgage is retained, but on an average basis it will be all sort of legged into.
Collyn Gilbert: Okay, that’s helpful. And then just a question on the funding side, on the borrowing side. Can you just give us a little bit of colors as to what your strategy is there in terms of how you are managing the longer term borrowings from an extension perspective or cost perspective?
Rene Jones: Yeah. I guess the answer that I have to start with is our short-term position. So we are very comfortable with our liquidity position, and in fact, we are probably, we could as one of the other callers mentioned, we could afford probably more short-term borrowings if we wanted to but we don’t necessarily see what the opportunities are on the asset side. So we haven’t done anything there. Then the long term, we sort of bucket everything out in our long-term borrowings. You look at our FHLB borrowings and as they begin to mature, we kind of look at them. We don’t see any problem with rolling them over, but pretty much we don’t expect much of a change. I would say as you look 12 months out maybe out, maybe we will lesser them over and use a little bit more short-term, but I don’t expect much of a change and the borrowing costs really hasn’t changed much for the last six months in those periods, because LIBOR has been flat and they're all LIBOR-based borrowings.
Collyn Gilbert: Okay, that’s helpful. That’s all I had. Thanks.
Operator: Now we’ll return to Matthew Clark of KBW.
Matthew Clark: Hey guys?
Rene Jones: Much better
Matthew Clark: I know your C&I related charge-offs can bounce around from time to time. Just curious as it relates to the latest [SNC] exam whether or not some of that was tied to that or was it just more small business, just struggling?
Rene Jones: Much less than that, our shared national credit exam again didn’t have much of an impact on us. We had a couple of credits. We had maybe something like $6 million or so with the largest related to provider of pharmaceutical services. Then we had some smaller sort of $4 million or less in terms of charge-offs around companies or manufacturers, providers of entertainment – non-entertainment businesses, but smaller avenues. So, there isn't really a theme in the C&I book. As I said, the overall seems to be improving in the little market space. I think it’s interesting you mentioned small business because that’s sort of the one place as we look over quarter-over-quarter where you really don’t see much if any improvement in the Business Banking space. In fact, I think our charge-offs in the Business Banking were probably – went from like, something like $12 million to $15 million, right? What you're seeing there is that, as the economy remains very, very slow, there is uncertainty, those are the guys that are the most affected, and as the length of the downturn remains very long, you just continue to put more and more pressure on those small businesses. For us, as you can see, $12 million to $15 million is not really all that material, but it does tell you a lot about the broader economy. That’s where all the jobs come from, right?
Matthew Clark: Right. And then on the net new problems front, it was about, I think $102 million if you gross it up for charge-offs this quarter after I think being non-existent last quarter. It sounds like the migration continues to improve, but just curious as to the source maybe of that, of those new problems. I would assume it’s not in Manhattan, but just an update on Manhattan really would be helpful too?
Rene Jones: Sure. I missed the first part. The question is on nonperforming?
Matthew Clark: Net new problems, so just the change in nonperformers plus charge-offs?
Rene Jones: It's much of what I had mentioned earlier. I think, again, you saw about $27 million of addition in construction development. If I look at where those were, a couple of them -- as I said 15 of it was Provident. So, a couple of them were in the Mid-Atlantic space. We had one that was -- I think it’s in Pennsylvania, but I can’t quite see it in front of me. So that was really what drove most of it. In terms of Manhattan, we haven’t seen much of a change. We still have the one large property that’s in the ORE, and that hasn’t moved yet, but we are working on that.
Matthew Clark: Okay, and then just a 30-day, 89-day number if you have it
Rene Jones: On the consumer side, well, when I throw out Provident, we were up something like five basis points on the quarter, 161 versus 155, and that's actually down five basis points from a year earlier, so not much change. That's 30-day plus on the consumer side. And then I talked about the classified loan book in my comment.
Matthew Clark: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jennifer Demba of SunTrust.
Rene Jones: Hi Jennifer?
Jennifer Demba: Good morning. Curious as to what you're seeing on the acquisition pipeline front. Are you seeing any acceleration and seller interest at this point?
Rene Jones: I guess what I would say is that we feel pretty good about our overall condition in our health, and I am still very positive that there will be a fair amount of opportunities for M&T in the future. I have not seen anything that would tell me that that's not going to be the case. Today, what you see is a lot of small institutions that don't have a lot of strategic value, who have difficulties from a regulatory standpoint or performance standpoint. But I don't think that’s sort of where we make our hay. I think it comes from as people think through the difficult environment and they think about who they want to partner with as opposed to sell their institution, then the opportunities for us are probably going to be pretty bright.
Jennifer Demba: Thanks a lot.
Rene Jones: You’re welcome
Operator: Your next question comes from Heather Wolf of UBS.
Lynn: This is actually [Lynn] stepping in for Heather. Just a couple of quick questions. I think most of my other questions have been answered. Just want to know could you give me the duration on your investment securities portfolio?
Rene Jones: Yeah. I have that. I mean it's around 2, but let me give you the exact number. It hasn't really changed much in the fairly long times, give me one second. Yeah, it’s 1.97%.
Lynn: Okay, great. And then also just what percent of your loans are floating versus fixed?
Rene Jones: I keep getting asked that question, I laid it out, but I think it’s…
Don MacLeod: It’s roughly 60%, 40%.
Rene Jones: Yeah, 55% fixed would be my…
Lynn: Did you say 65% or 55%?
Rene Jones: 55%.
Lynn: 55% fixed. Okay, great. I think that’s it. Thanks.
Rene Jones: I'm sorry. Let me show at that. 55% floating is what…
Lynn: 55% floating.
Rene Jones: Most of our C&I book in our business, they are all float-off a one month LIBOR, so it's slightly more floating than it is fixed.
Lynn: Okay, and then duration of your fixed loan portfolio, do you have that off hand?
Rene Jones: I don’t. I probably have the duration of my total discretionary portfolio, which is securities and resi mortgages, which when you combine that together it would be 2.7 years.
Lynn: Great. Thank you.
Rene Jones: You’re welcome
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I will now turn the floor back over to management for any closing remarks.
Don McLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today. And, as always, if clarification of any of the items on the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department at area code 716-842-5138.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes your conference. You may know disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-21 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christine. I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the M&T Bank second quarter 2010 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session (Operator Instructions). I’d now turn the call over to Don MacLeod, Administrative Vice President and Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Donald MacLeod: Thank you Christine, good morning everyone. I’d like to welcome everyone to M&T second quarter 2010 earnings conference call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website at www.mtb.com and by clicking on the investor relations link. Also before we start, I’d like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings including those found on forms 8-K, 10-K, and 10-Q for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now I’d like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, Rene Jones.
Rene Jones: Thank you Don, and welcome everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. I know that there have already been several earning calls this morning conducted by our peers, so you will certainly have a lot to digest. Let me cover the highlights briefly, after which I’ll your questions. For the second quarter of 2010, diluted earnings per common share were $1.46, up from $1.15 in the previous quarter, and $0.36 in the second quarter of 2009. Net income for the recent quarter was $189 million compared with $151 million in the linked quarter and $51 million in last year's second quarter. You’ll recall that our GAAP results for the second quarter of 2009 included $40 million of after-tax merger related expenses arising from the Provident acquisition. There were no merger related expenses in this year’s first or second quarters. Our results for the second quarter of 2010 included after-tax expenses from the amortization of intangible assets amounting to $9 million or $0.07 per share. This compares with $10 million or $0.08 per common share in the linked quarter and $9 million or $0.08 per common share in the year-ago quarter. Net operating income, which excludes the amortization of intangibles as well as the merger-related expenses in last year’s second quarter was $198 million for the recent quarter, up from $161 million in the linked quarter and $101 million in last year's second quarter. Diluted net operating income per share was $1.53 for the second quarter of 2010, up 24% from the $1.23 per share in prior quarter and up 94% from the $0.79 per share in the second quarter of 2009. In accordance with the SEC guidelines, this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results including tangible assets and equity. Turning to the balance sheet and income statement, taxable equivalent net interest income was $573 million for the second quarter, up 2% from $562 million in the linked quarter and up 13% from $507 million in the second quarter of 2009. The net interest margin expanded slightly during the second quarter rising to 3.84% from 3.78% in the first quarter of 2010 and was up significantly from 3.43% in last year's second quarter. In comparing this year’s second quarter with the linked quarter, there were a lot of moving parts, but the six basis point increase could be simplified down to a few factors. More of our margin expansion came from the asset side this quarter. The higher average one-month LIBOR rate combined with higher prepayment penalties, some feels and interest received on pay downs and payoffs of non-accrual loans, all contributed to an eight basis point increase in the loan yield as compared with the linked quarter. This was dampened by higher wholesale funding costs, also primarily driven by higher one and three months LIBOR rates. There was also a modest negative impact from a one additional day in the quarter. Our comments earlier this year indicated a stable outlook for the net interest margin from the first quarter levels with a small bias to the upside. That outlook was based on the forward curve, which indicated action by the Fed to increase short-term rates in the second half of the year. What we saw during the second quarter was no action by the Fed, but nevertheless an increase in short-term LIBOR rates in the marketplace, which led to slightly more upside in the margin for the quarter, given our asset-sensitive position. As for the balance sheet, average earnings assets declined by $520 million or about 3.5% annualized as compared to the first quarter of 2010. A $203 million increase in investment securities was more than offset by a $670 million decline in average loan balances. On an end of period basis, total loans for this year’s second quarter declined by $383 million. The majority of that decline resulted from the pay down, payoff, charge-off or foreclosure of non-accrual loans during the quarter, which I’ll discuss in more detail in a moment. Overall, the 3% annualized decline compares slightly favorable to the annualized 3.8% decline for the entire banking sector as indicated by the Fed’s AJ reports for the second quarter. On the same basis by category, commercial and industrial loans declined by $203 million on a annualized 6%, commercial real estate loans declined by $111 million or 2%, consumer loans declined by $134 million or 5% driven primarily by lower indirect auto lending, while residential real estate loans grew by $65 millions or 5% annualized. Growth in core deposits also continued, but at a slower pace. Average core customer deposits in the second quarter, which excludes foreign deposits in CDs greater than a 100,000 increased by an annualized 4% from the first quarter, and included 10% annualized growth in demand deposits. Turning to non-interest income, non-interest income was $274 million for the recent quarter, up from $258 million in the linked quarter. The recent quarter’s results included $22 million of securities losses compared with $26 million in the prior quarter. The securities losses for the recent quarter included $12 million of other than temporary impairment charges related to the American Depository Shares or ADSs of Allied Irish Banks. Prior to its acquisition by M&T in 2003, Allfirst granted equity compensation to certain employees, which was linked to the U.S. ADS for our Allied Irish Banks. As a hedge against this obligation, Allfirst owned the ADSs directly at the time of the acquisition by M&T. The securities are held and M&T is available for sale securities portfolio and had previously been marked to fair value in accordance with GAAP. This quarter’s action recognizes the other than temporary nature of the loss in value. Mortgage banking fees were $47 million for the quarter compared with $41 million in the linked quarter. Origination volumes were up 12% during the quarter, reflecting in part the near record low interest rates, gain on sale margins remain relatively wide. Service charges on deposit accounts were $129 million during the recent quarter compared with $120 million in the linked quarter. The increase reflected a return to normal levels of activity following seasonally low levels we experienced in the first quarter. M&T share of operating results in Bayview Lending Group or BLG, was a loss of $6 million unchanged from the linked quarter. Turning to expenses, operating expenses, which exclude the amortization of intangible assets and merger related expenses were $461 million compared with $473 million in the linked quarter. Recall that the first quarter results included seasonally high compensation and benefit expenses, which declined over the remainder of the year. Our operating expenses for the second quarter of 2009 were $482 million and included $33 million special one-time FDIC assessment. This year’s second quarter results included a $2 million addition to the impairment allowance for capitalized mortgage servicing rights, compared with no charge to the valuation allowance in the first quarter. Last year’s second quarter results included a $13 million reversal of the impairment allowance. Excluding the impact of changes to the impairment allowance, as well as the special FDIC assessment from operating expenses in the second quarter of 2009, operating expenses actually declined by $3 million or 1% on a year-over-year basis. The efficiency ratio which excludes securities gains or losses, as well as merger related items and intangible amortization was 53.06% in the second quarter of 2010, improved from 55.8% in the linked quarter, which included the seasonally high compensation and benefit expenses that I mentioned earlier. Next, let’s turn to credit. Overall credit trends continue to be positive. Non-accrual loans declined to $1.09 billion or 2.13% of total loan at the end of the recent quarter, down $250 million from $1.34 billion or 2.60% of total loans at the end of the previous quarter. During the second quarter, our largest non-performing loan was reclassified to foreclosed assets. The net result of this action was $104 million reduction in non-accrual loans and then $98 million in the foreclosed property. The difference, of course is charge-off reflecting the appraised value, less the cost of disposition of that property. The non-performing asset ratio, which is a non-performing assets divided by total loans, plus real estate and other foreclosed assets was 2.50% as of June 30, 2010, improved from 2.78% at March 31. Net charge-offs for the second quarter were $82 million dollars, down from $95 million in the first quarter of 2010. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were 64 basis points, improved from 74 basis points in the linked quarter. Net charge-offs for commercial and industrial loans were $13 million in the second quarter, down from $18 million in the linked quarter. Net charge offs for residential builder construction loans were $17 million for the recent quarter compared with $22 million in the prior quarter. Charge-offs for all other commercial real estate loans were $15 million including $7 million charge related to the property that I mentioned earlier, and that all compares with $8 million of charge-offs in the first quarter for all other real estate. Net charge-offs on residential real estate loans were $13 million in the second quarter, down from $15 million in the linked quarter, and net charge-offs on consumer loans were $24 million in the second quarter, compared with $31 million in the linked quarter. The provision for credit losses was $85 million for the second quarter compared with $105 million in linked quarter. The allowance for loan losses increased to $895 million as of the end of the second quarter. The ratio of allowance to credit losses to legacy loans, which excludes acquired loans, which were marked-to-fair value at acquisition, was unchanged at 1.86% as compared with the linked quarter. The loan loss allowance as of June 30, was 2.7 times annualized net charge-offs for the recent quarter and 2.5 times annualized net charge-offs for the first half of 2010. Put in another way, the allowance at the end of June was sufficient to absorb more than two and a half years of net charge-offs at our annualized loss rate. We disclosed loans past due 90 days, but still accruing separately from non-accrual loans because they are deemed to be well-secured and in the process of collection, which is to say there is minimal risk of principal loss. In our case, that’s particularly true. Loans 90 days past due were $203 million at the end of the recent quarter, of these loans $188 million or 93% are guaranteed by government related entities. Those figures were $203 million and $195 million respectively at the end of March. M&T’s tangible common equity ratio was 5.75% at end of the second quarter, an increase of 32 basis points from 5.43% at the end of March. Turning to our outlook, while we continue to see improvement across most of our business segments, the pace of economic growth recovery remains low and customers are managing their financial position conservatively. This is reflected in the modest demand for loans and the continued growth in deposits. Our outlook regarding the full year net interest margin for 2010 is still consistent with the view we expressed on the January earnings call and that seems to be holding up which is to say, we’d be surprised if the full-year margin was much higher than 380 to 385. We’ve seen signs of improvement on the credit side and virtually all of our portfolios. One is attempted to be optimistic regarding the charge-offs in non-performing asset formation, however the economy is turning around slowly, unemployment remains very high and we are still at a point where a single large credit relationship can cause an increased in the net charge-offs, despite generally improving trends. I know many of you are also wondering how the new overdraft rules will impact us, since we haven’t reached the changeover date for most customers, it’s still too soon to say exactly what the impact on our revenues will be. We’ve been engaged in a fairly robust outreach program to our customers, particularly those who are frequent users of overdraft services. Generally, of those who you’ve spoken to, more customers are opting in that not with slightly higher opt-in rates for frequent users. However, I wouldn’t be surprised if we saw a decline in our service charge revenue of 10% to 15% in the third quarter. As to the longer term, we continue to have a positive view on the deposit business generally and are continuing to spend and invest to enhance our product offerings around deposits and payment services. The combination of these last two factors makes it difficult to see near term improvement in our efficiency ratio and that said, we’ll continue to manage the bank as we always have, scrutinizing discretionary, spending closely and seeking opportunities to transform our processes so as to improve efficiency ratio over time. Of course, all of these projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding nationals and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events and other macroeconomic factors, which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. We’ll now open up the call to questions, before which Christy will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan.
Rene Jones: Good morning, Steven.
Steve Alexopoulos: Good morning, Rene. There’s a topic that’s been in the press recently. I guess we typically don’t hear one company comment publicly that they are just in the merger with another company. But, I’m sure you saw that the Vice Chairman of [Inaudible] appeared to comment directly on interest in a merger with you guys. Just curious, could you comment on this and indicate your interest level. What it is you might look for in a potential transaction with them?
Rene Jones: Steve, you know from time to time, and I guess sometimes frequently over the last couple of years we’ve seen speculation in the media to what M&T may or may not do, and as you well know as a result, we sort of maintain a long standing policy of not commenting on media reports. So, that’s not going to change today. If your question is about how we think about M&A, I mean, it’s pretty well documented. Our thought process is that we tend to not do anything that doesn’t put the pre-existing M&T shareholders first and we focus on trying to big in the markets that we serve. A lot of times, that means we want to be in adjacent markets, but in no way or shape we want to be in a market in a small way, but other than that, other than general comment there is not much more I can expand on your question.
Steve Alexopoulos: Okay. I know you typically wouldn’t comment on rumors, it seemed to be a little more direct than I guess just a media report, but maybe a change in direction, looking at the AIB stake, Rene would you guys disclose if you did refuse the sale of the stock to a single buyer? I’m just curious if you did see them selling any stock in the quarter?
Rene Jones: Well, I mean the shares would have to be registered. So we’ve addressed that before. So I mean I would guess that, I think generally most of the questions related to AIB are best directed towards AIB, especially since they’ve kind of said that they are going to do something by the end of the year. So, there is still six months left, but one technical step in the process is that the shares would have to be registered. So it’s not as if you’d see something dribbled out without seeing a registration statement.
Steve Alexopoulos: If you guys refuse to sell to a single party, would that be disclosed by you guys or not necessarily?
Rene Jones: I’ve never even thought about it.
Steve Alexopoulos: Okay. Maybe just one final one. Could you size the, maybe debit interchange fees at risk from this new regulation?
Rene Jones: Well, we haven’t disclosed our debit interchange fees per se, and I guess part of it the, all of the debit, well I’m sorry new topic. I don’t know, do we have that out there?
Donald MacLeod: No. Because, we are still waiting for rule making and we don’t know what the rules will be. It’s virtually impossible to quantify at this time.
Rene Jones: And it’s just too far away. I was getting confused with the NSF thing, but yes that’s just too far away and we’ll probably have more on that as we get closer, but that could be as much as a year out before we find something out.
Steve Alexopoulos: Fair enough. Thanks.
Rene Jones: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe: Just actually going back to your comments on the NSF/OD, there is 10% to 15% decline in deposits and service charges that you mentioned, just to be clear on that, I’m assuming that you’ve not sort of pre-opted in all of your existing customers as of July 1, some banks have and then if that’s the case, should we expect sort of a 20% to 30%, sort of two quarter decline in fourth quarter?
Rene Jones: Okay. It’s a good question, Ken. I mean, well I don’t know about pre-opted in. So, the way I understand it is that unless the customer opts in there, they are out. So, what you’ve got is on July 1, for new customers, the new rule kicked in and then you go for the remaining customers that occur on August 15. So, if you think about what the process is, is it really for us anyway a massive outreach program where we are calling customers, asking if they understand the services, and what you’ve seen is we are pretty pleased with the percentage of customers who we actually get a hold of, who actually opt in and then, you are right, you get a normalizing effect as you get to the fourth quarter, but remember, because the customer opts, if you don’t contact them, they actually opt out. There is probably only upside as you move beyond the fourth quarter, right. So, it’s so hard to tell because what will likely happen is somebody who we tried to contact and couldn’t get a hold of will not have noticed the change in payment behavior, and because what we are finding is that the majority of people who we do speak to understand the service and are saying, yes, okay I’ll opt in, I think you get some sort of normalizing effect starting post-August 15 which is a positive factor. So, it’s really, really hard to tell. I mean, technically you’re right; you are going to get more of an effect in the fourth quarter, but you are not necessarily considering everything, so it’s hard to say. I’d also point out that the transaction volume was up, when you look at second to third and when you look at year-over-year second quarter. So, that’s the other piece that’s pretty hard to predict.
Ken Zerbe: Okay. Yes, I guess I was referring to CBSH that basically opted out everyone as of July 1, unless you would explicitly opted in. They weren’t waiting until August 15, but I understand, it’s hard to tell right now. The other question I had, just maybe you can provide some comments on your capital position given that the rules are changing on how regulators you trust preferred. I know we got a few years ago before we see any big changes, but I think that doesn’t impact you guy a little more materially than some of the other banks?
Rene Jones: Yes. Ken a couple of things on capital. I mean, I think one; we are very pleased with where our capital is and where it’s headed, and we often sort of get labeled as having, being on the lower end of the peer group. But I mean, if you look at the Texas ratio, which compares to non-performing loans or if you look at charge-offs, because of restrictive nature, we are very well capitalized. Then, as you sort of get to the new regulations, which we’ve been all sort of waiting to hear about, I mean what we really heard doesn’t help us much because what it told us is one form of capital that we use which is regulatory capital is now going to be disallowed in the future, but what we don’t know is how much core common equity we need, and as you follow the bank for a long time, every decision we make is on tangible equity. So, we don’t really know more than we knew before, but what we are very pleased with is just the capital generation rate of M&T has really never stopped, right and so we are generating capital very quickly and as you start to think the time that it will take to actually change the regulations, I’d be surprised if capital is just not sort of one of the things that we are worried about today.
Ken Zerbe: All right, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Bob Ramsey with FBR Capital Markets.
Bob Ramsey: Thank you. Hey, good morning. I appreciate the color on the improvement in non-performing loans, particularly in that one large loan. Could you just maybe tell us what type of loan that was and talk about some of the other improvement you are seeing, given that that was less that half of the overall improvement in M&T has of non-performing loans?
Rene Jones: Yes, sure. Let me just grab some data, but then I’ll just first describe. The loan that we took was the one we mentioned in the recent quarter. I can’t remember whether it was last quarter or two quarters ago, but it was our Manhattan property and we had talked a fair amount about that property, and so we are just moving it through the process, right nothing new real there. Other than the fact that, as we talked about, when you charge that down and move, you can kind of see that the loss content is low and it’s probably characteristic of what we have in the portfolio. Then much of the rest were actually pay down. So, we had a $100 plus million of loans that were non-performing previously that just paid down, and they sort of fell in several categories. Do give me one second, I have a sheet here somewhere, yes, so if you kind of look through C&I accounted for maybe $77 million of the drop quarter-over-quarter, commercial real estate was $170 of which $100 was that one credit and we also saw in the consumer side was down as well with no change really in residential real estate, maybe $3 million up, some small number. So generally, we saw positives across the board and a lot of the improvement came from pay-offs and pay-downs. Why that’s important to me is the drop that we are seeing in our loan balances is on loans that aren’t paying us. So, it’s a fact that’s also contributing to the higher margin, right. So it’s a net positive.
Bob Ramsey: Right. And could you also touch on sort of way you are seeing in terms of loan demand out there. Obviously, you said that the payrolls contributed to the loan contraction this quarter, just sort of net-net you think about performing loans. Are you are seeing much of any demand out there?
Rene Jones: I mean most of the trends on; let’s start with C&I. I mean we see a lot of people that are not utilizing much of their lines. We had in Mid-Atlantic a number of customers who have sort of low cost lines. They went unutilized in the quarter. It’s not as if we actually see much of a drop in demand or change, but it just hasn’t gotten any better and I would say that’s pretty much across the Board, which is interesting because we tend to get a lot of questions on our capital and what we are thinking about capital. The reality is, is that the market is really flush with capital from all the issuances. The market’s also flushed with liquidity relative to the past, but customers just are not necessarily having great demands for borrowing. So, probably more important than the volume of loans which we really can do much about is that you are beginning to see competitive pressure on pricing. So, I think that’s probably the biggest story out there, but no change in demand I guess is probably the way I would put the loan side.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the lines of Matt O’Conner with Deutsche Bank.
Rene Jones: Hi Matt.
Matt O’Conner: Hi Rene. If I could just follow up on the charge-offs coming down so much, I mean they are very impressive low level pears and obviously the decline in non-performers, it doesn’t seems like there is a lot of lost content maybe from what you can see, but I did just want to try and get a sense of what your outlook is on the charge-offs. I can appreciate things can be lumpy, but just based on what you’re seeing in the portfolio right now, is this kind of be reasonable starting point going forward?
Rene Jones: I don’t know, in my mind, somehow I’m thinking of using rolling averages. I mean, you know the positive is that that almost every category improved linked quarter basis, the ones that didn’t were flat, and I would say that I’m not surprised on the consumer side. We’ve been talking a fairly long time about the fact that we got in front of losses on the residential mortgages and the fact that the way our vintages fall on indirect auto and those types of paper that we would have expected to see improvement over time. I think the trend generally is positive. I just think that you could still get a fair amount of lumpiness. So, I don’t know that I would pick any one quarter as a starting point, but I might look at the general trend over several quarters and think about it from that perspective.
Matt O’Conner: Okay. That’s fair. And then just separately, the OTTI or the security of losses, those continue to trend down, how should we think about that going forward?
Rene Jones: Yes, if you sort of move out sort of the AIB shares out of that discussion, the OTTI charges were down this quarter, maybe $10 million, last quarter they were 26 and the thing that we saw in March, April timeframe was a big improvement in the roll rates, in the 30-day plus roll rates. So, people were migrating in the right direction and more people were paying. So that was a positive trend and I think that’s what we’re going to have to watch, I think that the extent that that tolls up it would be great, but as you know you just don’t hear a lot of great news around the consumer improving, they are not getting worse, but if that were to happen maybe we continue to have some charges, but if things were to stay down in terms of people continuing their payment patterns being on a positive basis in terms of delinquencies, I think we are pretty pleased. In that respect, we think that the overall risk is kind of low.
Matt O’Conner: Okay. All right. Thanks, Rene.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Clark with KBW
Rene Jones: Hi, Matt.
Matthew Clark: Hey good morning. Can you update us on your classified assets? I think last quarter you had mentioned that you saw about a $100 million improvement sequentially. I am just curious as to, is the migration there and then if you could update us on that 30 to 89 day bucket as well?
Rene Jones: Yes, they improved again by maybe, I don’t know $150 million. So, to me it looks like this is a third consecutive quarter of improvement in our classified assets, so very positive trend there. I’m going to give you some numbers, but I recall that there’s been not much change in the level of delinquencies. I can run through some numbers, but when I look at the total consumer book, 30 day plus was around 1.6% this quarter, same as last quarter. A year ago, that was probably 1.59, so almost no change there, and then I guess overall we are up slightly overall, which means that we got a little bit more on the commercial side, much of which is driven by a number of residential development projects. Remember, on the residential development projects, you are going to get stuff from the portfolios that we purchased, right. So, there are already marked to full value. So, much of stuff that was originally M&T we’ve dealt with, and I things that we acquired from Provident and from Bradford we’ve marked a fair value, but they still come through the delinquency report as the property is going to move through the process. So, it seems pretty quiet to me, I guess is what I’d say.
Matthew Clark: Okay. Great. And then as an extension to the question on capital with the accounts, I mean, has it always the TARP. Can you update us there on your view, the time of repayment and if you feel any increase in need to do it?
Rene Jones: There is no change. I mean, we would be happy to pay the TARP back, we don’t think we necessarily need it, but as you know especially just think with what just happened in terms of the new regulation, it just changes frequently and changes the thought process on what you might do and when you might do with the TARP. We think our capital ratios are flushed and so I think we’ll probably just wait and see.
Matthew Clark: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Bank of America.
Ken Usdin: Hey Rene. Two quick questions, following on the positive comments about credit quality M&T delinquencies, its continuation of mobile trends. When do we start actually seeing the reserve come down, you actually did add to the reserve a little, but that seemingly was in contrast for all the positive news underlying and how much of that -- you answer the first one.
Rene Jones: Sure Ken. I mean, I guess, when you think about it over from a historical perspective, is a whole bunch of factors that you look at and I guess it depends on what happens typically if you are getting loan growth that doesn’t mean that you are necessarily releasing reserves, because the portfolio you have is you got new loans in and it needs the allowanced on cover that. So, I think in my mind, its sort of, we are traditionally pretty conservative there. We’ll watch trends and I guess you’d have to see something like no return of loan growth or declines in loans and big improvements in classified assets, but my sense is that we’ll be pretty consistent with what we’ve been doing recently.
Ken Usdin: Okay, any designation of what model is that not reserved connected all, kind of a late fee on where capital has to be?
Rene Jones: I mean, our allowance is specifically related to the lost content that we see in our loan book, nothing else.
Ken Usdin: Right. Okay. My second question is just quick one on expenses, so typically second quarter expenses and versus the first is everywhere in this quarter, but do you think we do see second to third increase if I look back over the industry, is it back again this quarter or was there anything in the second quarter that was abnormal at all?
Rene Jones: I can’t think of anything…
Ken Usdin: I specifically meant on the salaries line, I am sorry.
Rene Jones: Oh yeah, no, little more days in the third quarter. So, you should see an uptake in salaries simply because of that fact, but there was nothing I can think of that was unusual in the second quarter in the salary lines. So, I would expect a small uptake in the salaries just given the number of days, pay days and so forth.
Ken Usdin: Okay great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Collyn Gilbert with Stifel Nicolaus.
Collyn Gilbert: Good morning, Rene, how are you?
Rene Jones: Great.
Collyn Gilbert: Good. Just to take a step back and maybe ask two kind of big picture questions. You talk about loan demand and admittedly, there’s not a whole lot you all can do about that. As you think about the kind of the revenue drivers of your business and the pressure is obviously that’s down the pipe from the regulatory standpoint. Where is the focus of your organization, I mean where do you think the opportunity is to really build out the revenue base either in the near term or a long term?
Rene Jones: This are two spaces and the first one is we were really bullish on deposits. So, today, there is a lot of discussion about NFS and legislation and all of that, but at the end of the day, what I think we have learned especially from the crisis is the strength of the franchise is all about your deposit base. I think that’s probably also true when it comes to thinking about over long term period what your revenue growth looks like. So, we have been spending and we’ll begin even more so to spend a lot on things that are related to deposit services, payment services because we think that sort of what you can -- it’s hard to grow much more than you grow than your deposit base without actually taking outsize risk on your loan portfolio. So, if you keep your deposit base fine and nothing is happening there on the revenue side, I guess the economy can come back and you can lend more. I guess you can get more aggressive and risky and the types of loans you are lending and put more yield on and more volume, but as you see that doesn’t work, right. So, from our perspective, it’s all about the deposit. The second thing is we don’t look at revenue growth. We look at revenue growth per share. So it’s why we are very conservative and thoughtful around how we treat our capital base, and you kind of see that today. I mean if think of the fact that we’ve been growing our capital overtime organically, had we done a big capital raise, now that there’s no demand for loans, that would be more of a hit to revenue growth per share than the actual loan issue, but today, when it comes back we’ll deal with it and if we need capital because we need growth for some reason, acquisitions, we’ll do that.
Collyn Gilbert: Okay, that’s helpful. Then just on the M&A front, in terms of the market that you are seeing around you, are you seeing any change in the view point of the sellers, I mean kind of maybe give also your overarching view on consolidation and where we are in that cycle?
Rene Jones: I don’t know that I have any specific evidence of change in the views of the sellers, but I got to imagine that if the current environment stays the way it is today, I mean unless you’ve got really talented employees and you’re sort of very thoughtful about the way you’ve built your business, it’s just going to be harder. Think about the idea again, people are flushed with capital and flushed with liquidity if demand doesn’t come back over the course of a year or so it doesn’t really matter to us, we’ll keep building our franchise, but to a lot of people that’s the pretty tough environment when you compound that with the new regulations and so forth. I got to believe overtime, there will be an acceleration of consolidation in the industry.
Collyn Gilbert: Does that change the way you are behaving now or forget about consolidation today given what you might see 12 months out?
Rene Jones: No, I don’t think so.
Collyn Gilbert: Okay. Okay. That’s all I had. Thanks.
Rene F. Jones: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Al Savastano with Macquarie.
Al Savastano: Good morning guys, how are you?
Rene Jones: Morning
Al Savastano: Just checking to see if you have changed your loan growth or running asset, growth assumptions for 2010 versus what you said in the beginning of the year?
Rene Jones: If I say nothing, is that an answer? I don’t know. I don’t know I mean I would say that the decline we saw in the second quarter was lower than what we saw in the first so it seems to be trending in that direction but timing, who knows, right? Not much change in our overall outlook there yet.
Al Savastano: Okay, then can you talk about pipelines from your commercial customers in terms of discussions, in terms of if they are going to start borrowing again?
Rene Jones: Yes, I mean when I answer your first question it sort of comes from there and don’t see big changes in our pipelines and I think we would start to, if we were going to see it in third quarter we would probably be able to tell you that we’d see changes in our pipeline, but there hasn’t been much it’s very quiet. It makes me think that it could be sometime before we get a noticeable turn in loan demand.
Al Savastano: Great. Thank you.
Christine: Your final question comes from the line of Amanda Larsen - Raymond James.
Amanda Larsen: Hey, Rene.
Rene F. Jones: Hey, Amanda. How are you?
Amanda Larsen: Very good, thanks. I was wondering about your Canada branch and how that’s going? Is it ahead of schedule for loan and deposit gathering and what you expect for origination volumes in the loan side there?
Rene Jones: I don’t have the volumes that we expect, but I mean I think first feed is we actually got it done. I’m very pleased with that. It’s something that we wanted to do for a long time. We have a number of Canadian customers that we service over time, but this is the first time, based on sort of change in the rules and the appetite over there that we are actually able to sort of set up an office, but everything is on track. I think quite frankly when you take that and then you add in the fact that this quarter we launched our credit card offering which is sort of a return to the credit card business from 12-years ago, you can kind of get a sense for the types of things that we are doing at M&T with sort of all normal business and we are making decisions that will help us grow the franchise over time.
Amanda Larsen: Alright. Thanks so much.
Christine: Thank you. I’ll now turn the call back over to Mr. McLeod for closing remarks.
Donald McLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today, and as always if clarification of any items in the call or the news release is necessary, please call our Investor Relations department at area code 716-842-5138.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-19 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to today's first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Don McLeod, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Donald J. MacLeod: Thank you and good morning. This is Don McLeod. I would like to thank everyone and welcome them to M&T Bank Corporation's first quarter 2010 earnings conference call both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it, along with the financial tables and schedules, on our website at www.mtb.com and by clicking on the investor relations link. Also before we start, I would like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings including those found on forms 8-K, 10-K, and 10-Q for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now I'd like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, Rene Jones.
Rene F. Jones: Thank you, Don, and welcome everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. Some of you may have noticed that we've departed from a long tradition today by announcing first quarter earnings on the day before our annual meeting of stockholders instead of on the same day. Hopefully this change will allow investors to assimilate our results in advance of the meeting instead of during the meeting. So, let's get to the highlights. The first quarter of 2010 diluted earnings per common share were $1.15, up from $1.04 in the previous quarter and $0.49 in the first quarter of 2009. Net income for the recent quarter was $151 million compared with $137 million in the linked quarter and $64 million in last year's first quarter. Included in our GAAP earnings for this year's first quarter was after-tax expense from the amortization of intangible assets amounting to $10 million or $0.08 per common share. This compares with $10 million or $0.09 per common share in the linked quarter and $9 million or $0.09 per common share in the yearago quarter. There were no merger-related expenses in the first quarter of 2010, but we did incur after-tax merger related expenses of $4 million or $0.03 per common share in the fourth quarter of 2009 and $1 million or $0.01 per common share in last year's first quarter. Net operating income, which excludes the amortization of intangibles as well as merger-related items, was $161 million or $1.23 per common share for the first quarter of 2010 compared with $151 million or $1.16 per common share in the linked quarter and $75 million or $0.59 per common share in last year's first quarter. In accordance with SEC guidelines, this morning's press release contained a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results including tangible assets and equity. Turning to the balance sheet and the income statement, tangible equivalent net interest income was $562 million for the first quarter, down from $565 million in the linked quarter and up 24% from $453 million in the first quarter of 2009. The linked quarter decline relates to the lower day count in the first quarter as compared with the fourth. The net interest margin continued to expand during the first quarter, rising to 3.78% from 3.71% in the fourth quarter of 2009 and up significantly from 3.19% in last year's first quarter. Taking a simple view, the improvement in the margin from the fourth quarter can be attributed to the following factors. Approximately 3 basis points of the margin expansion came from repricing on consumer time deposits. An additional 3 basis points came as a result of the reduced day count compared with last quarter. The remainder of the expansion came from a shift in our funding mix with a higher nonmaturity savings and DDA balances replacing time deposits. From a broader perspective, credit spends on new and renewed commitments remain higher than we've seen over the past several years. As a result, despite the drop in funding rates, asset yields have remained relatively stable. Looking forward, our view of the margin remains consistent with our remarks on the January conference call, which is to say we'd expect the margin to be relatively stable with only a slight bias to the upside for the remainder of the year. As for the balance sheet, average earnings assets declined by $120 million or less than 1% annualized as compared with the fourth quarter of 2009. Earnings assets were not materially impacted by our adoption of new accounting requirements related to off balance sheet entities at the beginning of 2010. The result was the addition of approximately $416 million of resident mortgage loans partially offset by a $355 million decline in investment securities. After adjusting for the impact from the adoption of the new accounting rules, average loans for the first quarter declined by an annualized 4% as compared with last year's fourth quarter. The change in average loans for each of the loan categories as compared with the fourth quarter of 2009 were as follows. Commercial and industrial loans declined an annualized 4%. Commercial real estate loans declined an annualized 2%. Residential real estate loans, after adjusting for the new accounting rules, declined by an annualized 10%, primarily the result of lower mortgage loans held for sale. Consumer loans declined an annualized 7% driven by a lower level of indirect auto loans reflecting both the continued runoff in the off footprint part of that portfolio as well as our decision to slow originations within our footprint in response to very aggressive price competition. For some time, we've been discussing several loan portfolios that we were not looking to grow and which, by design, are being allowed to run off. These include obviously residential construction, the Alt-A mortgage portfolio, and, as I just mentioned, our indirect portfolio, particularly the portion outside of our core markets. Excluding these portfolios as well as the impacts of the accounting change I referenced, average loans declined just 1% annualized. This compares quite favorably with the trends experienced nationally as seen through the Fed's H8 releases which indicate that loans industry-wide declined about 7% in the first quarter. Thus it appears that we are outpacing the broader economy, and we are likely gaining share within some of our core markets. We continue to see growth in core deposits, but at a somewhat lower pace than last year. Average customer deposits in the first quarter, which exclude foreign deposits and CDs over $100,000, increased by an annualized 6% from the fourth quarter and included a very healthy 11% annualized growth in demand deposits. Turning to noninterest income, noninterest income was $258 million for the recent quarter and included $26 million of securities losses. This compares with $266 million in the linked quarter which included $34 million of securities losses. In both periods, the securities losses primarily reflected additional other than temporary impairment charges on our available for sale securities portfolio relating to privately issued residential mortgage-backed securities. Mortgage banking fees were $41 million for the quarter compared with $50 million in the linked quarter. Origination volumes were lower and, at the same time, we experienced a slight decline in the gain on sale margins. That said, gain on sale margins remained wide compared to where they've been historically. Service charges on deposit accounts were $120 million during the quarter compared with $127 million in the linked quarter. The decline came primarily on the consumer side and was attributable to a seasonal decline in customer transaction volumes as well as fewer processing days in the first quarter as compared to the fourth quarter. M&T share of the operating results of Bayview Lending Group, or BLG, was a loss of $5.7 million compared to a loss of $10.6 million in the linked quarter. Turning to expenses, operating expenses which exclude the amortization of intangible assets and merger-related expenses were $473 million compared with $455 million in the linked quarter. This quarter's results reflect our usually seasonally high salary and benefits cost which includes accelerated recognition of equity compensation expense for certain retirement eligible employees as well as higher FICA expense, unemployment insurance, and expenses related to our 401K match. In aggregate, the expense from these items was some $21 million higher than in the linked quarter. This is consistent with our experience in each of the past four years. The quarter's results include no material change in the valuation allowance for capitalized mortgage servicing rights compared with a $4 million reversal from the valuation allowance in last year's fourth quarter. All other categories of expense were well controlled, essentially unchanged from the linked quarter. The operating efficiency ratio which excludes securities gains or losses as well as merger-related items and intangible amortization was 55.9% in the first quarter of 2010 compared with 52.7% in the linked quarter. It was improved by 2.8 percentage points from last year's first quarter. Next let's turn to credit. Overall credit trends were positive. Nonaccrual loans increased to $1.34 billion or 2.6% of total loans at the end of the recent quarter, up just $8 million from $1.33 billion or 2.56% of loans at the end of the previous quarter, an increase of less than 1%. Loans acquired in connection with the Provident and Bradford transactions classified as nonaccrual and which have already been marked to fair value increased by $35 million, while nonaccrual loans associated with the legacy M&T portfolio declined by $26 million. Other nonperforming assets consisting of assets taken in foreclosure or defaulted loans were $95 million as of March 31, unchanged from December 31 and down $5 million from last year's first quarter. Net chargeoffs for the quarter were $95 million, down from $135 million in the fourth quarter of 2009. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of total loans were 74 basis points, improved from 1.03% in the linked quarter. Net charge-offs for commercial and industrial loans were $18 million in the first quarter, down from $31 million in the linked quarter. Net charge-offs for residential builder construction loans were $22 million for the recent quarter compared with $40 million in the previous quarter. Net charge-offs for all other commercial real estate loans were $8 million, down from $11 million in the fourth quarter. Net charge-offs on residential real estate loans were $15 million in the first quarter, down from $21 million in the linked quarter. Net charge-offs on consumer loans were $31 million in the first quarter compared with $32 million in the linked quarter. Provision for credit losses was $105 million for the first quarter compared with $145 million in the linked quarter. The allowance for loan losses increased to $891 million at the end of the first quarter. The ratio of allowance for credit losses to legacy M&T loans, which excludes acquired loans against which there is a credit mark, was 1.86%, up 3 basis points from 1.83% in the linked quarter. The loan loss allowance as of March 31, 2010, was 2.3 times annualized net charge-offs for the recent quarter, up from 1.7 times net charge-offs for the full year of 2009. Put another way, the allowance at the end of March was sufficient to absorb more than 2 years of net charge-offs at our current annualized loss rate. We disclosed loans past due 90 days still accruing separately from nonaccrual loans because they are deemed to be well secured and in the process of collection which is to say there is minimal risk of principal loss. In our case, that's particularly true. Although loans 90 days past due were $203 million at the end of the recent quarter, they included $195 million of loans guaranteed by government-related entities. Those figures were $208 million and $193 million, respectively, at the end of last year. M&T's tangible common equity ratio was 5.43% at the end of the first quarter, an increase of 30 basis points from 5.13% at the end of December. The majority of the improvement was the result of earnings well in excess of dividends combined with a flattish balance sheet. An additional 10 basis points came from the continued improvement in unrealized losses on our securities portfolio. Recall that since unrealized losses on securities are already deducted from capital, the other than temporary impairment charges in our income statement do not result in further reductions of capital. Turning to our outlook, we have clearly seen a number of signs that the economy is improving across most of our business segments; but the pace of economic recovery is slow as seen in the decline in loan activity being reported at a national level. We've heard anecdotal evidence that manufacturers are starting to build inventories, but that doesn't appear to be reflected in the numbers yet; and we will need to see a turnaround in the second half of 2010 to realize loan growth for the full year. Our outlook for net interest margin is unchanged which is to say wider for 2010 than for 2009. We are pleased with the consistent credit results that we have reported over the past several quarters. That is particularly true for these first quarter figures. The continued decline in criticized loans is also encouraging. Which respect to future quarters, it's important to remind you that credit performance can be lumpy from quarter to quarter. The uptick in the efficiency ratio this quarter as compared with the linked quarter was entirely related to seasonal factors and, in fact, improved nicely from last year's first quarter which contained the same seasonal factors. We remain focused on improving that ratio as we move forward. Of course, all of these projections are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events, and other macroeconomic factors which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. We will now open up to call to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Ken Zerbe – Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe: Something you can just give us a brief update where you stand with the regulators and your desire to repay TARP and also if you can make any comments. In these discussions, do you feel any indirect or even direct pressure to potentially increase your capital ratios?
Rene F. Jones: Good question. Our position on the TARP hasn't really changed. Our desire is to pay it back, but really there are sort of two things that we're looking to in the future. Obviously, we're very pleased with our first quarter results; but problem loans and nonperforming assets still remain pretty high in the industry. We'd like to see more evidence that there's a turn in the economy. Two, we said for some time that it would be helpful to have some clarity as to where things are going to go on the regulatory front before we make changes to our capital structure. Why I think we have to ability to do that is because we actually are growing capital. We're doing it sort of by generating it. As long as we continue to do that, I think that helps us. But our view would be that if we're going to change our capital structure, we would like to do it once. That's the efficient way to do it. And to do that, we have to sort of get a little bit more clarity around what some of the pending regulation will be. I would expect that's not all that far off on the horizon.
Ken Zerbe: The other question I had just on the OTTI, that's been fairly consistent, or at least present I guess in your income statement for some time. Any thoughts there in terms of what is going to turn the corner there in terms of being able to reduce the OTTI going forward?
Rene F. Jones: I think very specifically there are a whole host of assumptions that we have to make. For example, if you look at the charges we took this quarter, they were on about 20 private label mortgage-backed securities. There's 20 different issuances. Really the issue there is that to the extent that there's not a lot of improvement in the economy, then as time passes, you get further into it. We've not actually seen a principal writedown on any of those securities. As the housing prices have stabled, the thing that really hasn't changed until recently is the roll rate. On the 30-day delinquent roll rate, they're rolling from 30 to 60. Having said that, in the last few days we've begun to see in our portfolio that we've had nice improvements in the 30-day delinquencies. I would guess what needs to happen is you need to see a change in the roll rates in a positive direction and you need to see unemployment, you know we need to actually see some employment that affects the consumer in a positive way.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jennifer Demba – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Jennifer Demba: Thank you. Good morning. I was wondering if you could give us some more color around what you're seeing in the commercial real estate portfolio. Your net charge-offs in that sector are still really very low. I was wondering if you could give us some color there.
Rene F. Jones: I would say on the whole there was not much new news this quarter. As we've talked about, we continue to manage that portfolio very closely doing numerous reviews. I think what you see is that when we look at the quarter, we did have a couple, beyond what I have mentioned, a couple of, a few more loans that rolled into our criticized loan catalog. That catalog, remember, is on a scale of 1 to 15 is our loan grades. When something goes from 10 to 11, it rolls into the catalog. There were a few, but at the end of the day I think what the broader issue seems to be is that the number of things that, dare I say, are being teed up and actually being cured on the C&I side is actually a much greater issue than the number of, than any weakness we might see in CRE. In fact, it seems to be dwarfing the issue. One of the things that we did do this quarter is we finished, our credit guys finished, the base work for our stress testing work. What you can kind of see in the portfolio when you look at all of our real estate across all of our footprints, take out the owner occupied, which is really C&I, take out the construction, which we kind of look at a little bit separately, and you've got just under $10 billion there. I would say the loan to values of that book are in the low 60s. I would say debt service coverage is somewhere almost as high as 2.5%. So, at the end of the day, the way we underwrote that portfolio has a lot to do with sort of why it's performing pretty well. Even as we see problems that sort of roll into the portfolio in terms of payment problems, we continue to think that the loss content is on the lower side.  Not a lot of new news.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler – Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks, good morning. First just on the restructured loan trends. Saw a big drop in the quarter. Wondering how much of this was kind of from yearend clean up of accruing loans that have been accruing for 6 months or so? How much of it was from newer activity, if that was a factor there, too?
Rene F. Jones: You are going to have to restate your question. In restructured loans declined a lot?
Craig Siegenthaler: I believe it was down 220 from over 300. I believe it was 301 in the prior quarter down to 221 in the first quarter.
Rene F. Jones: My numbers are that it was 213 at the end of 2009 and it's 221 now.
Craig Siegenthaler: Got it. Okay. So, in you view, there's no decline there, no yearend clean up. So if there's no yearend clean up, I guess new activity pretty slow there, too?
Rene F. Jones: Yes, that's true.
Craig Siegenthaler: What was the driver of that?
Rene F. Jones: Of the activity that was there?
Craig Siegenthaler: Of the less activity quarter over quarter.
Rene F. Jones: I think you think about how long, it's kind of funny now, how long we have been working on that all day book that started off at $1.3 billion. That's down to about $800 million, maybe under that. I think we sort of have gotten through a lot of the more difficult credits there. We have done a lower number of modifications of recent versus what we were doing early on. I think we sort of got on that issue very early. I want to say May of 2008. So we're just doing less.
Craig Siegenthaler: Got it. Then just a followup on compensation expenses. This first quarter includes a bunch of seasonal items. You said it netted to about $21 million. Should we expect that sort of decline into the second quarter? And is $20 million, would you say it's a pretty average step up when we think about fourth quarter to first quarter going forward?
Rene F. Jones: I think for all the expenses in total, they seem to perform very similar to what we've seen in the first quarter of the last four years. I didn't see anything unusual there.
Craig Siegenthaler: The only difference would be the addition of two acquisitions.
Rene F. Jones: That's a good point. But much of that was in place in the fourth quarter. I think going forward we probably have some room left to go on synergies from those deals. I think your trends are pretty normalized at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Alexopoulos – JP Morgan Securities.
Steve Alexopoulos: We've seen some of your peer banks recording provisions for repurchase of mortgage loans that they originated and sold back in 2006 to 2008, that time frame. They're now being put back to them for rep and warranty violations. You don't seem to talk about this anywhere. Is this just not a factor for you guys?
Rene F. Jones: You said a couple different things there. You are talking about provisions for mortgage repurchases?
Steve Alexopoulos: Exactly.
Rene F. Jones: The topic came up for us first; I think it was the first quarter of 2007 when we did a little pre-announcement. We provided for that. Any time we have seen the two sort of components, we have a reserve. There are two components. Any time we've seen someone make a request to us, we have estimated an amount and set that aside in accrual for a specific repurchase. We have a whole process around that. But somewhere in mid-2007, what we also did is we said, you know what, we have learned something about the structure of the mortgage business; and every time we originated a mortgage, we are going to set aside a reserve, a small reserve, on the chance that that could be repurchased. We have those two components. For example, in the quarter as we originated loans we set aside an amount for those loans that we originated this quarter in the event that they would be put back. When you look, for example, at our results from the fourth quarter to the first quarter, I don't know, maybe that sort of standard accrual went up a couple million dollars, but nothing significant. I don't think you have seen much there because we've been doing it now for almost 3 years.
Steve Alexopoulos: That's actually real helpful. Are there any updates you can share in terms of where in the process AIB might be in terms of selling their stake?
Rene F. Jones: Well, you all know the issues; and AIB has been very public about what their intentions are. Due to the difficulties they're having on the capital front, they've announced their intention to sell assets; and one of those assets is M&T. From our perspective, nothing really has changed there. We've said publicly that we stand ready to help them execute a transaction in the most efficient and orderly way to the extent they want to do that. But all of that and the timing is all up to them.
Steve Alexopoulos: Have you seen them move forward with this at all yet?
Rene F. Jones: There are steps that have to take place out there; shares have to be registered on those types of things. I think it's pretty transparent.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin – BofA/Merrill Lynch.
Ken Usdin: Can you also just touch on just what you are seeing in your early stage delinquency trends? You mentioned the 90s are pretty darn good, especially without the government guarantees. Can you touch on the early stage?
Rene F. Jones: Yes, I can. I am looking at something. Overall, early stage delinquencies were down maybe, I will give you an estimate, I think when we released our FR Y-9C, we will go from something like 92 basis points down to 86, something like that. If you look at it by area, give me one second. On the consumer side, consumer improved a fair amount. Let me see. Let me give you a couple of things. If you look, for example, let's start with our core mortgages. Our 30-day on our core mortgages was 3.2%. I'm sorry, it was 3.6% at the end of the year. It dropped to 2.8%. So pretty significant drop. On our total consumer book, which was indirect auto, home equity, all that, we went from 1.74% in the fourth quarter down to 1.60%. That 1.60% was about 5 percentage points higher than last year, this time last year. So pretty stable and slight improvement into the first quarter.
Ken Usdin: Great. And then the followup to that is as you start to see both of the buckets of delinquencies improve, maybe there's a little bit of mixing and matching in the criticized classifieds. Are you pretty much at the point where reserve build is going to be a thing in the past? You built it a little bit this quarter, but with such low charge-offs and flat NPAs and improving delinquencies, what's your outlook for what you might have to do as far as reserve build or even match or release?
Rene F. Jones: I think a couple of things. If you look at, we have talked about two quarters of improvement in the classified or criticized book. But it's still at historical highs, right? I just think we will have to wait and see. You can't really answer that question today. You got to look at it every month as you move forward. But we still remain pretty cautious with unemployment where it is. I am not sure the economy is fully out of the woods yet. I think we remain relatively cautious.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Then last quick one just on service charges in mortgage banking. Do you have any thoughts about how much you might be impacted by the Reg E on the service charges and on the mortgage side what your outlook is for just that business?
Rene F. Jones: The service charges, I apologize, I really don't. I think we'll have an impact, but my ability to quantify it just isn't that great. We're now running pilot programs. What I mean by that is we're contacting people, and we're looking at how easy or difficult it is to get a response from them. I think by the time I get to this call next quarter, we will start to have some sense of what that impact might be. But I don't have more than that today on that front. On the mortgage, really much of the decline in our mortgage was driven by lower volume. Like applications went from $2 billion down to $1.7 billion in the quarter. Closed volume went from $1.25 billion down to less than a billion, so 25% or so, 22% drop. I think that's going to just move along with what happens with rates and volume. I will say that the gain on sale margins are still very, very wide, very wide compared to where they would be historically.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Ramsey – FBR Capital Markets.
Bob Ramsey: Good morning. First question, with the AIB shares. I know you all talked about it earlier. If AIB does decide to publicly place the shares, would you all consider placing enough extra to repay TARP or do you really want to wait until you have got better clarity on 503 and future regulatory requirements?
Rene F. Jones: In our view, the situation with AIB, one, it's unfortunate I think for them. It really has no impact on us and doesn't influence our thinking on any other topic of running M&T. They are separate issues for us.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. In terms of nonaccrual loans, they were pretty flat in total. Were there any significant movements between the different buckets?
Rene F. Jones: There were a few credits that moved in. I think we had a real estate development credit, residential development credit move in. Then we had a whole host of things cure. I think we sort of alluded to this in my comments. If, for example, you look. Give me one second. If you were to look at, just remove Provident and Bradford, the nonaccrual loans were down $3 million in C&I, $16 million in commercial real estate, down $4 million in residential real estate, down $3 million in consumer, so down everywhere. So nothing big, and nothing that really surprised us. But we did have, what you are seeing is still a migration of credit actually into the nonperforming, into the classified loan book, but you are having a much greater volume of cures.
Bob Ramsey: That's helpful. Last question I've got for you guys. Do you have the dollar amount of the preferred dividend expense in the first quarter?
Rene F. Jones: We can probably get it for you, as long as somebody else has another question.
Bob Ramsey: That's great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Clark – KBW.
Matthew Clark: Good morning. Can you talk about whether your appetite for Fed-assisted deals has changed given the change in loss-sharing arrangement? And then maybe any update on your view of maybe non-Fed assisted deals and whether or not you think those might start to pick up at some point?
Rene F. Jones: I have noticed, we haven't played around with it much. I have noticed the series of changes that they've made which I think from an industry standpoint probably makes sense. It does change the economics to us. I think I would say that really for us to focus on anything in that space, it's going to have to be something in our footprint that kind of makes sense to us strategically as opposed to just sort of chasing cheap assets. Other than that, not a lot of new news there. Do you have a second part of that question?
Matthew Clark: Just on traditional M&A, whether or not you think that related activity might pick up, whether or not you have any interest.
Rene F. Jones: Sort of the same old thing at M&T. If somebody calls us, we always answer the phone. We are through much of the integration stuff related to the past two deals. We are available to do that. We are always interested. At the end of the day, for us to do something, it has to be attractive to our preexisting shareholders and has to make sense in the franchise. If I can just go back and answer Bob Ramsey's question, if you take a look at page 10 of the press release, you will see that there's $12,614,000 of the preferred stock dividend.
Matthew Clark: Just lastly on the classified assets, is there any way you can quantify in dollars or percent how much that is and how much it might have been down from the last two quarters?
Rene F. Jones: It's something like, I am going to do this roughly. Last quarter, I think maybe we were down 200, a couple hundred million dollars. This quarter we were down $100 million. So I think the issue in my mind, and this tells you a lot about that provision question, it's more that it actually is not growing and it's coming down slightly. It's more so than the magnitude. We are still at a place in the economy where on the whole those levels are high.
Matthew Clark: Great. All my other questions have been answered.
Operator: Your next question comes from Collyn Gilbert – Stifel Nicolaus.
Collyn Gilbert: Good morning. I have just a couple followups on some of the things that you had said. You guys have done a really good job of offering kind of color and comfort as to what the loss content is in your NPA book. You've touched on now that you're starting to see some loans cure. Any color at all can you give on potential timeline of resolution of your NPA book? Or maybe what kind of catalyst we need to see to shorten the timeline or any color there from that standpoint?
Rene F. Jones: No. When I think of your question, I think of [inaudible], what he tells me about his experience with these types of things. Let's go in reverse order this time. Starting with the commercial real estate side, from the time you identify a problem to the time it actually gets cured, it's pretty long. Nine months would not be unusual, maybe longer. I think on the C&I side that's probably true, too. So these things take their time. I think it's just a normal workout process. It makes it very difficult to be making a prediction of a time. I think it takes time, from my past experience several years to work those books back in the other direction.
Collyn Gilbert: Okay. That's helpful. Then also on the AIB front. I know you just said you look at it separately from the business. Is there any kind of, in an ideal world, do you all have a preference to where that ownership stake would go in terms of another whole bank or private ownership? I will leave it at that.
Rene F. Jones: No. I will say it again. I think we're pretty plain vanilla. What we say is we always try to do things that are in the interest of our preexisting shareholders. Sometimes we can; sometimes we can't. That's how we think. I will leave it at that.
Collyn Gilbert: Then finally on the M&A front. I think you had said after the Partner's Trust deal that was the type of acquisition that you all would be interested in perhaps making again. Kind of this overcapitalized thrift that didn't have a lot of asset issues, had a good funding base that you guys could lever into. Would that type of transaction still be of interest to you or given the change in the market has your view of that type of deal changed as well?
Rene F. Jones: I don't know. I think that we think about mergers in the way that we think about running the bank in terms of the sense of the community nature of it. To the extent that institutions have a good customer base in a market that we know, either where we are already at or where we had share, then that's something that we would consider. It's not necessarily the nature or form of the entity that matters. It's its health. History has said to us that we tend to do partnerships more than we buy institutions. In the case that you mentioned, that was somebody who wanted to continue to own M&T shares as a group of shareholders when they joined us. Those are more the characteristics. I would say nothing is really off the table.
Collyn Gilbert: Okay. That's very helpful. That's all I had, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Heather Wolf – UBS.
Heather Wolf: Good morning. Two quick questions. On the margin, was there any impact from purchase accounting to the margin?
Rene F. Jones: I don't believe we've changed. Well, nothing new. There's always a purchase on accounting accretion, but we didn't change anything with respect to our [inaudible] or anything like that.
Heather Wolf: Okay. And that accretion is pretty small?
Rene F. Jones: Yes. I mean relative to the size of [inaudible], yes, definitely, relatively small. I think we reference it in our K and Q.
Heather Wolf: Then just on commercial real estate, you mentioned debt service coverage of two and a half times. Can you tell us what portion of that portfolio is floating rate and what kind of stress tests you've done for a rising rate environment?
Rene F. Jones: Let me see if we can figure, I don't know if I have that at my fingertips. But in terms of the second part of your question, particularly in New York City, at origination we have always done stress tests and look at what the credit can absorb in terms of rate shocks, and we do that during the underwriting. What we've most recently done, think of it this way, we have got a very robust process that is all geared towards identifying problems very quickly. It's based on an RM coming to us and saying something doesn't seem quite right or I am a little bit concerned here. It's tied to our grading system. What we've done with our stress tests is, on top of all of that process, we have said let's stress for drop in values by each community. I am not sure if we did rate. We did repayment risk, maturity risk, and valuation drops. We also did revenue drops at the property. Then what we do is we see if anything falls through the cracks in these screens, and then we go back and look if we've already seen it or not. In the cases where new things crop up, then we'll go and do a specific dive on that property. We're always doing a fair amount of stress tests, but think of it as a risk management tool that backs up our overall risk capture process. With respect to the portfolio, that's a tough question. I have it on total loans, but I don't think that's what you are looking for.
Heather Wolf: I was looking just for the commercial real estate book.
Rene F. Jones: I just don't have it at my fingertips. I would guess the majority of our commercial real estate book, I would be surprised if, let me just say the majority of it is a fixed rate book. And the portion of it that is variable, a large percentage of that is actually has a swap against it. In essence, it's fixed. That was sort of one of the clear things that you saw when we were running the stress tests, that our exposure to movements in interest rates was relatively low, probably even lower than I thought.
Heather Wolf: Got it. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Amanda Larsen – Raymond James.
Amanda Larsen: You mentioned that certain loan balances were down in the quarter due to more competitive pricing but that your footprint still compares favorably with the national average. Can you just comment on competition? I mean are some of your competitors that were ailing in 2008, 2009 stepping back up to the plate? Can you just comment on demand and how you expect to position yourself in the future for growth?
Rene F. Jones: We will start off, if you look at the Federal Reserve data, it's pretty telling both in terms of the decline in loan demand, the fact that it's across all categories, and the fact that it's consistent almost every single week. Start there with that knowledge, what we refer to is particularly is in the commodity like spaces with indirect auto, where, how do I say this? People aren't coming to us because of the M&T name. It's more the price when they go to the dealer. That's where we've actually seen the most competitiveness. I think because it's a two-year relatively very creditworthy asset, and it's easy for people to go after. We've seen price competition there. I will point out that what I noticed that quarter in our commercial book, we keep pretty robust data on a summary of everything that goes to the committee in the quarter. When you look at it, the number of deals that went to our credit committee that quarter versus last really didn't change much. It was down a couple of deals. The total commitments that went to the committee was maybe up 5%. Even though there are fewer borrowers, they were borrowing a little bit more. And if you were to look at the margin on those, it did drop about 11 basis points, the sort of new origination margin. What struck me is we also look at based on the grade and the structure and the collateral content of the deal. We have a risk-adjusted measure. The risk adjusted return on these deals went up. What that means is that the people we were extended credit to this quarter were structurally more sound and better rated credit on the whole. That's probably why the margin was a little bit lighter. I think you're seeing that because my guess is that there are very few people borrowing, and everybody is chasing those same individuals. It's a bit anecdotal, but that's my guess.
Operator: Your next question comes from Todd Hagerman – Collins Stewart.
Todd Hagerman: Good morning. I just want to follow up on your comments previously on the Reg E issue and deposit service charges. The core deposit growth again this quarter was quite good. I was just wondering if you could give us a better sense in terms of where M&T is in terms of kind of household growth and how that's factored in the number? Then importantly, just kind of remind us of the split between kind of commercial deposits versus consumer deposits and whether or not there was any either pricing changes made in the current quarter or planned in the coming quarters as it relates to the pending Reg E changes?
Rene F. Jones: With respect to the deposits, I think the most robust percentage growth was in the DDA. What struck me this quarter is that I think we participated both on the consumer side as well as the commercial side. The past several quarters has been largely driven, sort of outweighed, by the commercial side. When I look, I will find it here somewhere, on the DDA, our consumer DDA was up an annualized 17% and our commercial DDA was up an annualized 6.8%. That combined for the 11% that we had talked about, both spaces. Could you just re-ask your question again on the second part?
Todd Hagerman: Right. Just thinking about that, again, very positive growth coming from both segments. But M&T, again, kind of traditionally has been kind of overweight on the commercial segment versus its consumer franchise in terms of deposits. I am just thinking about in the Reg E and the change, how potential pricing changes may kind of roll through given the growth and whether or not there was anything in the first quarter above and beyond the core growth that you continue to see, and how we should be thinking about it in the coming quarters, whether there's any pricing changes?
Rene F. Jones: First of all, let's start, the Reg E regulation is consumer only, as I think you are pointing out. All of the sort of business side of things are not affected by that in any way, shape, or form. That part of the business, the commercial part of the business is much more a factor of what's happening with rates in my mind. I think people, because they've not yet started investing, they're holding on to a lot of cash. But on top of that, much of the money that at one point was housed in the money fund has actually moved back into the bank. The people are not able to sort of get more than one basis point in the money fund. I think we'll see as part of the overall turn, if the economy turns, we'll begin to see, that's where you will begin to see it. You will begin to see it in behavior on commercial balances and movements there. On the other side, again there's nothing really all that unusual in what we've seen so far in the consumer side. It's just too early to tell what the impact will be on the NSF thing because it depends on the behavior of the consumer, whether they decide to opt in or out. Over the long term, it's not something that I worry about in the sense it's an industry-wide thing. Our job over the next two quarters is to educate our workforce so that they can educate the consumer and that we can have good customer service through this pretty big change in the industry. At the end of the day, people need banking services. We provide pretty good ones, pretty good service, so I think we'll come out fine.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Nolan – Maxim Group.
Christopher Nolan: Good morning. I have a quick question on Bayview earnings. The loss this quarter was down relative to the prior two quarters. Can you give a little color on that please?
Rene F. Jones: I think if you look at the components of the loss, the thing that struck me was the provisioning was the majority of our portion of the net loss. But not much else is going on there in terms of, there were no other sort of big write-downs or anything like that.
Christopher Nolan: So looking forward for Bayview, should we sort of assume a $6 million loss run rate going forward or less or?
Rene F. Jones: You can assume what you would like, Chris. Think about it this way. To the extent that you have a balance sheet there and to the extent that you take provisions and those types of things, it could bounce around from time to time. I think past performance is what I tend to look to. It's been a little volatile and pretty lumpy because of the nature of what they do to the securitizations and securities that are on the books.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session portion of today's conference. I will now turn the conference back over the management for closing remarks.
Donald J. MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today; and as always, if clarification of any of the items in the call or the news release is necessary, please contact our investor relations department at area code (716) 8425138.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes your conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-21 14:00:00) =====
Operator: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the M&T Bank fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the call over to Don MacLeod, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Donald J. MacLeod: I’d like to thank everyone for participating in M&T’s fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read our earnings release that we issued earlier this morning you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules for our website at www.MTB.com and by clicking on the investor relations link. Also before we start I’d like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings including those found on Forms 8K, 10K and 10Q for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now, I would like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer Rene Jones.
Rene F. Jones: Based on the feedback we received from some of you we have added tables in the back section of the release which represent five quarter trends for the income statement and the balance sheet. Hopefully we’ve made your analysis a little easier. I know it’s been a busy day for some of you so let’s go through the highlights quickly and get to your questions. For the full year of 2009 diluted earnings per common share were $2.89 compared to $5.01 for 2008. Net income for 2009 was $380 million compared with $556 million in 2008. Included in our GAAP earnings for 2009 were after tax merger related expenses net of the gain from the Bradford acquisition of $36 million or $0.31 per common share. There were $2 million or $0.02 per share of merger related expenses in 2008. Also included in GAAP earnings for the past year was after tax expense from the amortization of intangible assets amounting to $39 million or $0.34 per common share. This compares with $41 million or $0.36 per share in 2008. Net operating income which we believe helps investors understand the effect of acquisitions on our results and which excludes the amortization of intangibles as well as merger related items was $455 million or $3.54 per common share for 2009 compared with $599 million or $5.39 per share in 2008. In accordance with the SEC guidelines, this morning’s press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results including intangible assets and equity. Turning to the fourth quarter, diluted earnings per common share were $1.04 in the fourth quarter of 2009 improved from $0.97 earned in the third quarter of 2009. Net income for the recent quarter was $137 million up from $128 million in the linked quarter. After tax merger related expenses in the quarter relating to both Provident and Bradford Bank acquisitions were $4 million or $0.03 per common share in the recent quarter. This compares with net after tax merger related benefits of $9 million or $0.08 per common share in the third quarter of 2009 which came as a result of our acquisition of Bradford bank. We expect no further merger related expenses from either of the two acquisitions. The amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets amounted to $0.09 per common share in the fourth quarter of 2009 and in the linked quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share excluding the amortization of core deposits and other intangibles as well as merger related items that I just mentioned were $1.16 per common share for the recent quarter, up 18% from $0.98 in the linked quarter. M&T’s net operating income for the quarter was $151 million, an increase of 17% from $129 million in the linked quarter. Next I’d like to cover a few highlights from the balance sheet and the income statement. Tangible equivalent net interest income was $565 million for the fourth quarter, an 8% annualized increase from $553 million in the linked quarter and an increase of 15% from $491 million in the fourth quarter of 2008. The net interest margin continued to expand during the fourth quarter averaging 3.71% up from 3.61% in the third quarter. Approximately four basis points of the margin expansion came from repricing on consumer timed deposits. An additional four basis points came from a shift in our funding mix with higher non-maturity savings and commercial DDA balances replacing time deposits and wholesale borrowing and the remainder of the expansion came from lower rates on wholesale borrowing. Notable during the quarter was the rise in yields on commercial and industrial loans up nine basis points compared with the third quarter. Looking forward, we expect further widening of the margin for 2010. As for the balance sheet, average loans for the fourth quarter declined approximately $200 million from $52.3 billion in the third quarter to $52.1 billion. Compared with this year’s third quarter, changes in average loans by category were as follows commercial and industrial loans declined by 8%, average loans to auto dealers to finance new model year inventory grew by an annualized 18% as compared with the third quarter of 2009 while remaining C&I loan balances declined an annualized 10%. The decline in this latter category was exacerbated by pay downs and charge offs in both the third and fourth quarters and a reduction in certain non-core customer exposures. Commercial real estate loans and the residential real estate loans each grew by an annualized 2% and consumer loans declined by an annualized 3%. This includes a 14% annualized decline of indirect auto loans reflecting continued run off in the out of footprint part of that portfolio. This was partially offset by modest mid single digit growth in our home equity lines of credit. Regionally, we experienced low single digit annualized growth in upstate New York while experiencing low to mid single digit declines in the New York City metro region and in Pennsylvania. The decline in commercial and industrial loans from pay downs, charge offs and exits were concentrated in the mid Atlantic. Excluding those items, loans in the mid Atlantic were relatively flat. We continue to see strong growth in core deposits. Average core customer deposits in the fourth quarter which excludes foreign deposits and CDs over $100,000 as well as excluding any acquisition impact increased by an annualized 15% from the third quarter with growth coming in every geographic region. Also notable is the fact that the average non-interest bearing deposits in the fourth quarter of ’09 were up 50% compared with the fourth quarter of 2008. This also excludes the impact from acquisitions. Turning to non-interest income, excluding securities gains and losses and the third quarter $29 million gain from the Bradford acquisition, non-interest income was $300 million for the recent quarter compared with $296 million in the third quarter. Mortgage banking fees were $50 million for the quarter up from $48 million in the linked quarter. This reflects the impact of wider gain on sale margins partially offset by slightly lower origination volumes. Service charges on deposit accounts were $127 million during the quarter compared with $129 million in the linked quarter. The decline came primarily on the commercial side and was largely attributable to fewer processing days in the fourth quarter compared with the third quarter. M&T’s share of operating results of Bayview Lending Group or BLG was a loss of $11 million, unchanged from the linked quarter. BLG’s recent performance was largely attributable to an increase in loan loss provisioning. Securities losses in the fourth quarter amounted to $34 million predominately reflecting an additional other than temporary impairment charges on our available for sale securities portfolio. This was down from $47 million of other than temporary impairment charges in the third quarter. Operating expenses were well controlled during the recent quarter. Excluding merger related expenses and the amortization of intangible assets, operating expenses were $455 million, down from $469 million in the third quarter of ’09. The decline is primarily attributable to the lower compensation expense including core salaries as well as incentive compensation. The fourth quarter’s results included a $4 million reversal of the valuation allowance for capitalized residential mortgage servicing rights. This compares to no adjustment to the valuation allowance in the third quarter of ’09 and a $19 million addition to the allowance in the fourth quarter of 2008. As of the end of 2009 we have reversed substantially all of the valuation allowance for capitalized residential mortgage servicing [inaudible]. Excluding the benefit from the MSR, other operating expenses also declined slightly. The operating efficiency ratio which excludes securities gains and losses as well as merger related items and intangible amortization was 52.7% in the fourth quarter 2009 compared with 55.2% in the linked quarter and 57% in the fourth quarter of 2008. The decline in efficiency ratio in the fourth quarter of 2008 is impressive given that it reflects an $18 million increase in the FDIC assessment relative to the fourth quarter of 2008. Let’s turn to credit; overall credit trends progressed as expected with stable net charge offs and modest increase in non-performing assets. Non-accrual loans increased to $1.3 billion or 2.56% of loans at the end of the recent quarter up $103 million from $1.2 billion or 2.35% of loans at the end of the previous quarter, an increase of about 8%. Substantially all of the linked quarter increase relates to a single commercial real estate loan for $104 million in Manhattan. This represents one of only two non-accrual loans of any significance in our greater New York City metropolitan area. This particular loan is one I mentioned on the October earnings conference call and for which the recent appraisals indicate that the property value continues to be in excess of the loan balance. Despite the move to non-performing status, our outlook with regard to the resolution of this particular credit hasn’t changed much. We continue to view the loss content as low based on our original underwriting. Other non-performing assets consisting of assets taken in foreclosure of defaulted loans were $95 million as of December 31st compared with $85 million as of September 30th. Net charge offs for the fourth quarter were $135 million down from $141 million in the third quarter of 2009. Annualized net charge offs as a percentage of loans were 1.03% improved from 1.07% in the linked quarter. Charge offs for commercial and industrial loans were $31 million in the fourth quarter, down from $71 million in the linked quarter. Net charge offs for residential builder construction loans were $40 million for the recent quarter, compared with $13 in the prior quarter. For the full year of 2009 net charge offs on residential construction credits totaled $92 million, down from $100 million in 2008. Net charge offs for all other commercial real estate loans were $11 million compared with $8 million in the third quarter. Net charge offs on residential real estate loans were $21 million in the fourth quarter, up just one million from the linked quarter and net charge offs on consumer loans were $32 million in the fourth quarter compared with $30 million in the linked quarter. The provision for credit losses was $145 million for the fourth quarter compared with $154 million in the linked quarter. Provision exceeded net charge offs by $10 million and increased the allowance for loan losses to $878 million as of the end of 2009. The ratio of allowance for credit losses to legacy M&T loans which exclude the acquired loans against which there is already a credit mark was 1.83% up from 1.81% in the linked quarter. As of December 31, 2008 that ratio was 1.61%. For the full year of 2009, charge offs were $514 million or 1.01% of average loans. We believe this represents the lowest rate among large regional and super regional banks. The loan loss allowance as of December 31, 2009 was 1.7 times net charge offs for the past year. Loans past due 90 days but still accruing were $208 million at the end of the recent quarter and included $193 million of loans guaranteed by government related entities. Those figures were $183 million and $173 million respectively at the end of the sequential quarter. M&T’s tangible common equity ratio was 5.13% at the end of the fourth quarter, an increase of 24 basis points from 4.89% at the end of the quarter. Unrealized pre-tax losses on our available for sale investment portfolio was $293 million as of the end of the quarter compared with $313 million at the end of the third quarter and $806 million at the end of 2008. Turning to our outlook, as most of you know we don’t offer much in the way of earnings guidance but we’ll share our thoughts on some general trends. While the economy appears to be stable, the pace of recovery is slow. As a result we expect both loan and overall earnings asset growth to be in the low single digits. With the current trends being slightly negative we’ll need to see a turnaround in the current trends by the middle of the year in order to be able to achieve that growth. The demand for credit from customers whether to build inventories or to expand plant capacity just isn’t there yet and when combined with the portfolios that we had that are in run off mode like parts of our indirect audio asset growth should be relatively modest. The strong inflows of deposits, particularly on the commercial side are also an indication that businesses aren’t ready to increase investment. As I mentioned earlier, the outlook for our net interest margin is for additional widening as two fundamental trends remain in effect, turnover in the loan portfolio, that is to say repayments and renewals is pricing in the benefit from today’s widening credit spreads and the continued inflows of non-interest bearing deposits I just mentioned are also positive. We’d expect less impact going forward from the favorable repricing of timed deposits. While credit costs remain elevated as the current credit cycle continues to play out, our inflows of loans in to non-accrual status and our loss experience continue to be very manageable. Over the past several quarters it appears that the consumer and the residential real estate credit trends have stabilized but they are not improving yet. Fortunately, our exposure to these portfolios is relatively modest. We had the lowest charge off rate among larger regional and super regional banks through this year’s third quarter and given our underwriting culture, our habit of addressing problem areas proactively and the trends we have seen in our criticized loan portfolio we believe we’ll continue to report strong relative performance in 2010. As you know, we’ve always placed a priority on operating efficiency and we’ll continue to do so. That said, as we plan for the future the area of most uncertainty is in the rising cost of regulation. Finally, I’ll remind you that normalized for unusual items, the first quarter’s results have tended to be seasonally low for us reflecting fewer days and higher expenses associated with FICA accelerated recognition of option expense or equity expense and the 401K match. Of course, all of these projections are subject to a number of uncertainties, various assumptions regarding national economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events and other macroeconomic factors which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. We’ll now open up the call for questions before which Christie will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Steve Alexopoulus – JP Morgan Securities.
Steve Alexopoulus: Can you talk about are all of the cost save and revenue synergies from the two deals now in the run rate?
Rene F. Jones: I think the answer is no and the way you think about that is when you think about the opportunity that we have on the distribution side, that just takes some time. So we’re seven months through the transaction, I would think that 2010 particularly for our retail folks will be continuing to sort of work through the distribution type issues which at the end of the day will result in additional expense savings. I think we are more than half way through the expense savings though. In fact, I know we’re well more than half way through the expense savings. On the revenue side I think the same is true there. The idea of sort of optimizing the work you do on the revenue side particularly with sort of offering all your services to the new customers I think that takes a little bit of time so we would hope that there is continued opportunity through the year 2010 on that side as well. It is harder to identify on the revenue side.
Steve Alexopoulus: Just a second question, looking at the $6 billion of commercial real estate loans in the New York City area, one can you talk about what the renewal schedule looks like this year and maybe next year and second, are you seeing anything in terms of early stage delinquencies there?
Rene F. Jones: It is a tough question to answer because when you look at the renewals if you think about what we do, it matters what year that they are coming from. So, the thing that helps us most is that from say 2004 through the third quarter of 2007 we kept our commercial real estate portfolio relatively flat. So maybe the numbers in December ’04 were something like $5.1 billion, by the time we got to September of ’07 we were at about $5.3 billion, somewhere in that range. We put some stuff on in the fourth quarter of ’07. The average life of our portfolio my guess would be somewhere around five years but if you think about what is coming through renewal next year a lot of it would be things that were booked as far as long ago as 10 years. What is good about that is they are not booked anywhere near the frothy time and so you have much more equity component in there. If you go back to 2004 if you think of our portfolio as a five year portfolio, it would give you kind of an average life of five years. You’re basically saying we must have booked $1 billion a year to do that. I would say in 2004 for example, we booked half of that because we just couldn’t figure out what was going on. So of the renewals that we’ll see this year I would guess that most of them are coming from things that were booked way before 2004. We’re still doing our work on the schedules, I think at some point we’re going to publish that maturity schedule but the more we get in to it in order to sort of give you something that gives you a sense of our portfolio, it just sort of takes us a little time. So that’s on that sense. In terms of the portfolio as I said on the last call we had a couple of credits that we sort of had what I would call on our watch list, one of them came in to non-performing this quarter. There hasn’t been anything new that we’ve seen through our portfolio reviews and our portfolio reviews are pretty granular. I think the thing to think about is because we are so granular and focused on getting ahead of the problem and because the lead time is long, my sense is that to the extent that we have additional credits that go in to non-performing you are going to sort of hear about them from us before they happen. So no real change, we haven’t seen any sort of additional problem credits and delinquencies in the New York City portfolio. The last thing I’ll say on this if I could, is that reflecting back on 2009 actually you learn a lot. We had no losses in the portfolio in 2009 and we actually had nothing roll in to non-performing but for this last credit that we just took this quarter. So when you look back at that really one of the most significant factors is not that actual credit wasn’t weakening in New York City it was that most, if not all of our sponsors were willing to step up because they saw real value in the properties and they were willing to kick in additional resources if they were needed in order to keep the project moving forward. So when we look at ’09 and we look at how our sponsors behaved and what the result was we feel pretty good about where we are today.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Zerbe – Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe: I guess the first question just on Bayview, it obviously lost about $11 million or so this quarter do you mind just providing another update it looks like we’re kind of going on about two years of consistent losses and I am just wondering if anything has changed?
Rene F. Jones: There is no change. Again, the largest share of our valuation is supported by residuals that are not included in what you are seeing there on the income statement and it’s afforded by their other businesses namely, the Bayview Asset Management. So while I think the losses were maybe a little bit higher than I would have expected for the quarter. Much of it has to do with relooking at the credit for the loans that were in BLG, the original BLG and looking at the adequacy of the allowance there and the value of the assets. So, no real change and I wouldn’t expect to see a big change in the future either.
Ken Zerbe: The other question I just had was on the net interest margin. I heard your comments that obviously the repricing of the CDs should provide less of a benefit going forward it is going to be more mix shift so to speak. I guess from what I understand the mix shift should happen a little more slowly or have a lesser impact. Is that consistent with your view that if you have 10 basis points of improvement this quarter maybe it is less than that going forward or am I wrong in terms of that thinking?
Rene F. Jones: Boy, I could ask the question the same way. I think first of all you are right, the time deposit benefit if I kind of did that over time, the four basis points this quarter was less of a contribution than we see in the past quarter. But, what is starting to happen now and I kind of made that comment that while we didn’t see the yield rise much on earnings assets, underlying you do have this trend where you are repricing your commercial loan book and even the rest of your book. You saw in the C&I book that nine basis point rise in the yield. So I think what you’re going to get is some shifting over to the asset side where you’re going to start to see some of that benefit from there so that should pick up a little of the slack. Then, it’s amazing, we have yet to see this trend in non-interest bearing deposits keep growing. So my sense is yes, you are probably right. If I were to guess again I would say it is going to slow but going in to the quarter we didn’t see much slowing so my sense is that it will be a little slower than we have seen on a quarter-to-quarter basis. I’d be surprised if we were above 385 or 380 for the full year. I’d be surprised by that.
Ken Zerbe: Barring an increase in fed funds I assume?
Rene F. Jones: Yes, that’s the other issue is because we’re assets sensitive today we have kind of positioned ourselves that if there is an increase in short term rates that is a positive to us today. So we have kind of barred that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Clark – KBW.
Matthew Clark: Just first maybe a housekeeping item, the 30 to 89 day bucket can you just update us on that number?
Rene F. Jones: On the consumer side the 30 plus delinquencies were 1.67% up six basis points from the linked quarter and up six basis points from a year ago so not much of a change there. That’s the $10 billion portfolio. On the resi mortgages there was almost no change when you look at the core and the ALT-A portfolio together, we just didn’t see much change. I think the dollar amount actually may have come down a little bit but the rate was flat. On the commercial side what’s interesting is we often get a lot of questions about our provisioning and our allowance. The thing that you can’t see even though the non-performers went up is that the classified loan book was down probably $200 to $300 million underneath. So there was a bit of progress there and I guess when you step back and look at that and go all the way back to midyear it means sort of the second half of the year the rising base of criticized or classified loans actually slowed dramatically and there really wasn’t much of an increase from June 30th to December 31st. So all the trends are I guess from where we have been positive. But, we also don’t see a dramatic rebound in credit.
Matthew Clark: Then if you gross up your problem loans, if you include the TDRs for example it looks like that pace, the additions look like they have been fairly consistent the last three quarters somewhere around $290 million a quarter. It just sounds like we’ve got the $104 million tied to that Manhattan CRE credit but I’m just wondering if you can give us some additional granularity as to what else might have been added in the quarter?
Rene F. Jones: There wasn’t a lot, nothing of that magnitude maybe a handful of credits I’d say that were over $5 million and then there were just a host of pay downs and payoffs and those types to offset it. Let me give this, if you look at the book non-performing loans and C&I were down, residential was down, consumer loans were up $2 million and the only increase in real estate was about $119 of which this was $104.
Donald J. MacLeod: At the risk of sort of characterizing other inflows in to non-performers they were primarily residential construction credits.
Rene F. Jones: That’s right. On the real estate side what you had was many of the sort of credits we had previously identified on the residential side have sort of migrated through the process. There is nothing new so to speak.
Matthew Clark: Lastly if I may, in terms of your coverage on annualized net charge offs I know you guys have internally targeted at least on average two times. The last couple of quarters we have drifted a little below that. I am just curious whether or not you’ve changed your view on the loss content, maybe that you expect coming out of the cycle or if there is a change in how you are managing that reserve?
Rene F. Jones: No, no we’re looking at it pretty closely and when you look at the reserves to charge offs you sort of see that, I think you have described that pretty well. We feel pretty comfortable where we are. I think from what we can see there is only one bank in the top 20 or at least in the large regional or super regionals that had a number reserved that was high relative to the losses. So I think we feel pretty good about it. We also then are looking at the trends in the classified loan book as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Ramsey – Friedman Billings Ramsey.
Bob Ramsey: In terms of capital your rapidly approaching what historically you’ve targeted for TCE of I guess 5.2 to 5.6 could you give us some updated thoughts just given sort of industry wide higher capital levels, maybe plans to repay TARP, etc.?
Rene F. Jones: We’re sort of approaching our range but my sense is that we’re not going to change anything with our distribution policies and we’ll just continue to build capital until there is some clarity as to what the expectations will be. But to date, you haven’t heard much so I would suggest that we’ll just keep building capital and stay on the same page that we’re at until we actually get some sort of tangible guidance on what the new capital rules will be if there are any and a little bit more clarity there. The environment is not such that you would actually sort of change that so my sense is that we’ll keep building.
Bob Ramsey: Do you think you will attempt to repay TARP in 2010?
Rene F. Jones: Our view is sort of to wait and see, watch the environment, the economy hasn’t turned yet. We have the ability to do it and to the extent that things improve and the economy turns around and it makes sense to do it then maybe we will but at this point we’ve made no determination of that.
Bob Ramsey: Do you have handy what the Tier-1 common to risk weighted assets was at the end of the quarter?
Rene F. Jones: Tier-1 common to risk weighted assets?
Bob Ramsey: Yes.
Rene F. Jones: I have an estimate, I’ll get it for you in a second I don’t want to misquote it.
Bob Ramsey: Maybe while you look for that number, as you think about provision for 2010 given the sort of promising trends in classified loans and new non-accruals, your provision was down in the quarter, do you think your provision has peaked if things continue on the track they are on economically?
Rene F. Jones: No. I mean, I can’t say yes or no, that is hard to say. The trends were nice to see but relative to normal times, the environment is still shaky and if you happen to see a problem credit or two come up then you have got to provide for them. It would be too early to call a peak and I think maybe we’ll all be calling the peak about three or four quarters after it happens. The answer to your other question is it is about 566.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler – Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: First really just on the NIM guidance, can you talk about what levers MTB still has available to improve the NIM? Also, should we expect a similar sort of pick up in the first quarter the first half? And maybe you can talk about how asset sensitive you are relative to peers especially if the Fed is raising the rates in the second half?
Rene F. Jones: Let me take the second part first, we’re asset sensitive. I think for 200 basis points gradual increase we’ve got something like a 2% positive. But having said that, that all depends on what you end up doing with your deposit rates, right? So, the way I like to think about it is if we get to a situation where rates are rising it will either result in a higher net interest margin or it gives us a lot of powder in terms of pricing deposits and doing what we want to do that because we could make that neutral pretty easily. So I like to kind of think of it as we’re sort of well positioned either for deposit growth or for actually a rising margin in that event. I talked about the net interest margin over time, I think the thing that is going to work well for banks like M&T that do a lot of plain vanilla banking is as long as the securitization markets are shut down it means credit spreads are wider and it takes a long time for sort of that repricing to roll through our books based on the terms of the credit that we have on our books. I think a lot of it depends on how long the securitization markets and Wall Street remain quiet and quite frankly that just has not come back yet and it tends to be a help to regional banks. Will it be 10 basis points a quarter? I find that hard to believe but I don’t have much more insight on that on the actual magnitude.
Craig Siegenthaler: Then just a follow up to Ken’s question on Bayview, just think about how it has been flowing, it has been pretty steady the last few quarters but can you help us understand the duration and how many more quarters of losses we should expect? And, is there a risk of a spike in any given quarter depending on the frequency of delinquencies in the portfolio?
Rene F. Jones: Well again, I said this before, I would expect on an ongoing basis for that originations franchise based on how it is operating not originating many loans that it is going to operate at a slight loss. Maybe that is a $5 million or somewhere in that range a quarter, I wouldn’t be surprised by that at all. Is there a risk that you could get some kind of event particularly like the value of the residuals has changed? Sure but, we would talk about that when we saw it and where we saw it. I think the basis of Bayview is now $246 million so relative to sort of our earnings power and those types of things I don’t look at it as much different than any other sort of loan relationship that we have. But, if there was new news we’d tell you about it. We haven’t had any new news yet.
Operator: Your next question comes from Heather Wolf – UBS.
Heather Wolf: Just one quick question on the securities losses, can you give us a little bit more color on where those are coming from? I am assuming it is from the hybrid ARM book. And also, where we are and how much further you think we have to go in those write downs?
Rene F. Jones: Maybe $29 million or so were from the private label mortgage backed securities, that same portfolio and then there were some small other items, the remainder of the CDO that I think we had wrote down in 2007 maybe $2 million there on another small security. So mostly private label mortgage backed securities. The process is not different than what we have been going through. What you need to be able to see is remember we have taken about $148 million of losses on that portfolio in terms of we have written down $148 million. But, the actual losses that we have experienced, breaks in the bonds, is about $70 million. What we’re doing every quarter is we’re projecting out when the mortgage and housing market is going to turn and what the delinquencies are likely to be. Because we haven’t seen any change really in those trends as time goes by if you don’t see a change there’s a probability that you in the future you may have more losses. Most of the losses as I have said before Heather, have come from as we disclosed in the Qs the subordinated notes. So of the total $1.2 billion that we have of private label mortgaged backed securities that didn’t get originated by M&T because this is the portfolio we are talking about, of the most subordinated parts of those structures there is about $100 million left and there’s about $1.7 or $1.8 billion of which are at the most senior end which we feel very good about. So as we kind of look to [2008] we could see more charges if we don’t see a turnaround in the housing market. Overall though I wouldn’t expect them to be anything larger than we might have seen to date.
Operator: Your next question comes from [John Fox – Finnamore Asset Management].
[John Fox: I just had a follow up on the securities, the AOCI has obviously been improving throughout the year and helping the ratios and I am just curious, do you expect to see that continue ? Some of these mortgage backs I assume they are amortizing or getting par back so could you just talk about that outlook for the mark and for the amortization of the securities for 2010?
Rene F. Jones: It depends on what happens with interest rates. We talk about private label mortgage backed securities a lot but most of what we have is agency so all of that is just sort of subject to the change in rate. When you go from December 31st of ’08 to now it has just been a dramatic improvement in the pricing on the private label mortgage backed securities and if you talk to your capital markets groups and that sort of has continued at a fairly steady pace. But, it is too hard to tell. Obviously we’re out of the lows but it is hard to predict where that is going to go. So when we think about capital planning we don’t assume that there will be any change. In fact, we might go the other way.
[John Fox: Rates are going to change and people get scared about credit but is there any amount of normal amortization that you get par back on a regular basis? And if so, how fast?
Rene F. Jones: I haven’t looked recently on those but last time I checked we were running somewhere around $40 or $50 million a month, something like that.
[John Fox: My second question is when you made the acquisitions you had to make assumptions about losses and did your marking to market on the accounting, the merger accounting. I am just curious if you could update us on how are those loans performing against your assumptions you made at the time of the acquisitions?
Rene F. Jones: No negative news. That was 13 months ago that we did that due diligence work and right now our losses are really tracking nowhere near what we would have estimated. But, having said that I think the thing that you should look to is when we are really confident in that we would actually say something because it is a little too early. We’ve had the portfolio for about seven months. But, no problems. Things for the first seven months for what we expected they are much better than we thought but we have yet to sort of declare victory there and I think we are going to wait for another year to sort of see what happens before we think about monetizing that in anyway.
[John Fox: Then your comments about 2010 if I remember them correctly, I am sure you will correct me but low to mid single digit earning asset growth I think you said earlier in the call?
Rene F. Jones: I think I said low single digit.
[John Fox: I just look at the last few quarters other than third quarter of ’09 where you had that acquisition, I mean earnings asset growth has been negative and I am just curious what has to happen in the economy for you to achieve the low single digit growth in earning assets?
Rene F. Jones: On a macro level I think there needs to be much more certainty out there with the regulatory environment, the economic environment for people to start drawing down on their lines and to start making investments. So as we kind of look out for our planning purposes for 2010 my sense is that the current trends are what you are going to see for the first half and we sort of had this thought that it is possible that we’ll begin to see more utilization as we get to the second half of the year. Something like that. But remember, there is a bit of a natural hedge going on here because if that doesn’t happen we won’t have the loan growth but I would bet you we still have a lot of deposit growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin – Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ken Usdin: Two questions if I may, first of all just a follow up on the provisions, I know it is hard to call the peak on provisioning but I am just wondering you said you are starting to see the migration patterns look better and the classifieds be down and the NPA growth rate has kind of slowed so I am just wondering you did over provide this quarter and I am just wondering what drove the over provision given those factors? And, would you expect to be pretty close to the end of the need to build reserves as you look ahead?
Rene F. Jones: I guess what I would say this quarter is we just took a pretty standard consistent process. I think that we started to show on a quarterly basis our allowance as we go through each of our loan portfolios, I think we broke our allowance out in our Q or at least we do that at the yearend. You’ll see that, where we’re putting aside allowance is probably the areas that would make the most sense to do so. So, you’ll see higher allowance in the real estate portfolio and maybe steady allowances in other places. Our thought process was not different than any other quarter that we’ve seen. If you go back to the first quarter of last year we added $58 million of excess because we saw some problems. This [inaudible] we didn’t see much new.
Ken Usdin: I would just think it was such a big change in the kind of criticized classified that would kind of be your signal or kind of not necessarily prevent you from adding more but certainly the magnitude of over providing didn’t really change although it looks like some of the underlying signals got a lot better.
Rene F. Jones: Let’s see, let’s see. It’s one quarter but I’d be very happy to see it. I am just not sure you can call that a trend.
Ken Usdin: My second question is just on AIB, they’re back in the news again with getting an infusion from the government. I’m just wondering can you help us understand at all where that stands and if there is any way that we can understand where their holding is relative to the stock price today?
Rene F. Jones: One, I have no new news on AIB. You guys know what I know and I think they are working through their issues with NAMA and there will be more to come on that as they get in to the middle of the year.
Ken Usdin: I’m just trying to have an understanding of where their cost basis is?
Rene F. Jones: Part of the issue for them is not a cost basis issue it is how our investment is treated for regulatory purposes. But, I would guess when we made that transaction our stock prices we probably in the low 70s, somewhere about in there so you’re kind of at a breakeven point where we are right now from an economic standpoint.
Ken Usdin: But that might be different from how they need to evaluate it from a regulatory standpoint.
Rene F. Jones: That is correct. They have done a lot of disclosures on that so I think that is sort of out there.
Ken Usdin: The last quick one just on the asset types for M&A given the fact that your capital levels have continued to improve and you are continuing to build organically versus your prior comments of kind of wait and see on TARP. Any thoughts there on assisted or strategic and how you would be looking now that these deals are kind of now further in the past from an integration perspective?
Rene F. Jones: If my corporate finance guy was willing to do a deal on December 16th of 2008 I would have to say we’re probably able to do something. But, we’re really most focused on – and we can do anything if it were to arrive but we’re probably most focused on just sort of keeping our bank healthy and focusing on internal growth. But, like any other time if something were to come up we would be prepared to look at it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Paul – Retired Executive.
Gary Paul: My only two areas of concern are Bayview and construction. On Bayview you keep referring to the residuals and yet the losses keep happening. When would one expect the residuals to start providing a cash flow justifying the present book value?
Rene F. Jones: Now remember the residuals that we are talking about are from Bayview Financial not BLG. Those residuals are providing a fairly significant amount of cash flow today. Those cash flows have first priority to debt and that is a sort of shared national credit that they have outstanding that they have been paying down and maybe that number was maybe in the $170 million a year ago and is scheduled to pay down fully this year.
Gary Paul: So indirectly you have been getting a significant amount of cash flow that is not showing up in the financial numbers?
Rene F. Jones: That is true.
Gary Paul: Can you tell me what your construction lending was at year end and what it was at the prior year end?
Rene F. Jones: This is the residential construction portfolio we have been talking about?
Gary Paul: Yes.
Rene F. Jones: I am just going to square this away because we did a couple of acquisitions. If you remember we talked about that, I don’t have it the year before but I think we talked about that being close to $2 billion. If you look at that same portfolio that portfolio would be about $1.4 on its own, maybe it is $1.5 and then you have got to add back $407 that we bought from Provident and then we got about a little less than $50 from Bradford so it is back up to $1.9.
Gary Paul: But that $457 you would have taken significant marks against. Of the $500,000,000 drop in the core, how much of that was payoff and how much was write down just crudely?
Rene F. Jones: This year $92 million of the reduction was charge offs.
Gary Paul: So most if it was paying off then?
Rene F. Jones: Paying off or selling down. Think of it this way, we may take a $10 million charge off on something to bring it down to marketable value and then we may have sold it off. The number at the end of last year was $1.9 billion.
Gary Paul: Is most of that now in footprint but in the Allfirst footprint?
Rene F. Jones: Most of the portfolio that we’re talking about here is in northern Virginia, Delaware Shore as opposed to close to our branches in the mid Atlantic. These are not a group that came with Allfirst this is a separate group that we sometimes refer to as the mid Atlantic but most of the loans are taking place in places just outside of where we would have branches. Delaware Shore would be an example, so we call that the mid Atlantic portfolio.
Gary Paul: So this is not stuff that was acquired in the Allfirst deal?
Rene F. Jones: No. This is stuff that we originated from 2004.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jennifer Demba – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Jennifer Demba: Could you give us some guidance on your tax rate going forward? Then secondly I have a question, could you give a little bit more color on the new non-accrual loan, the $100 billion CRE loan in Manhattan? Anything you can give detail wise.
Rene F. Jones: On the tax rate that is a tough one for the full year so I get why you are asking it. Let me think about it a minute and I will come back to that. The loan that we took to non-accrual this year, if you go back to what we did this is a loan that we booked in 2007 in December of 2007 and we booked it as a bridge loan. So we hadn’t done much and the capital markets sort of shut down, the CMBS market has been shut down ever sense. At that point in time we saw a lot of folks coming to us with different credits. This is one of the ones that we did. I think it is probably a pretty good case of sort of the culture of M&T. We actually booked that loan at a loan-to-value between 43% to 50%. The range is dependent upon whether you want to do it just on the face value of the loan or on the cost to maintain it and improve it and get it ready for use over time. When you look at it we booked that loan of $100 million we had more than $100 million of ownership equity in front of us in terms of loss content. You hear a lot about commercial real estate being down by large percentages in New York City, most of those are quoting things that are off the 2007 high in terms of rent. But for us we tend not to focus on sort of market value of current rents and we focus on pure historical value and in this case is Class C space and we tend to underwrite it relatively conservatively. Here we had an event where we’re taking it to non-performing but because of the way we structured the deal in our mind the loss content is low, if any.
Jennifer Demba: And the tax rate?
Rene F. Jones: Somewhere in the 32%ish.
Operator: Your next question comes from Collyn Gilbert – Stifel Nicolaus.
Collyn Gilbert: Hopefully I have three what will hopefully be quick questions. First on Rene your comment about the fact that the growth rate in upstate New York is a little bit better than what you are seeing in the mid Atlantic. Any thoughts as to why or kind of color you can give to support that comment?
Rene F. Jones: Well, while Washington DC relative to other places is pretty strong economically I do think that Maryland relative to New York state, upstate New York there is a difference there. There is still a lot of health up here in upstate New York and we never saw the sort of big problems here so you have a fair amount of health companies. But having said that, the biggest issue is simply that when you look at places where we have either paid down credits or we’ve sort of exited credits or had a couple of larger charge offs, particular the C&I one we mentioned last quarter for $40 million, they were just concentrated in those portfolios. So what you’re getting is much more about payoffs and then finally much more lower utilization where people are just not making as much in the way of investments. If you were to look at commitments we continue to book new commitments and we’re growing but people are just not drawing down on them. I would say that there’s probably not that much of a difference in the two portfolios and I would say if you were to look at it on raw commitments that my guess would be that we’re actually probably doing more new raw commitments in the Maryland area.
Collyn Gilbert: Then just on the non-interest bearing deposit growth that you’ve seen, is that a function of just carrying higher balances per account or are you actually seeing increase in the number of accounts?
Rene F. Jones: Over time it’s been both, it’s been both. I mean over the course of the 2009 we picked up a lot of new relationships but we also have seen that with a low rate environment it is beneficial for people who pay for their cash management services with balances.
Collyn Gilbert: Then just finally again, on the significant drop in the sort of watch list loans, any thought as to what might have been driving that? Was there a large loan in particular that drove that $200 to $300 million drop?
Rene F. Jones: I think in terms of trends I think there are certain things that have been improving. I think in some cases there is a willingness for financial buyers to come in and put in equity in to these companies because their prices have been very depressed so as long as you actually get new buyers coming in or people willing to actually put in new equity and help the companies out you are going to start to get some improving credits. I think if there was a trend there is probably more activity across almost every portfolio, we see it in the residential builder, construction, sort of more people just willing to put money to work and those people are investors basically.
Operator: Your last question comes from Amanda Larsen – Raymond James.
Amanda Larsen: Can you give us an update on deposit growth/retention at Bradford and Provident? Then possible compare it to legacy and to specifically upstate New York and downstate New York?
Rene F. Jones: If you start out the gate with the idea that in our mind for the first six to 12 months we would expect that after an acquisition we’re going to see some run off in deposits. I would say that we’ve seen some of that with the Provident acquisition but most of it is on very high rate time and single service customers so nothing out of the ordinary beyond what we would have expected to see. Bradford there’s some run off but most of it is in the wholesale time. We’ve actually had growth in DDA and now have been combined relatively stable and the time deposits running off. There is no unusual trend there.
Amanda Larsen: My second question, you mentioned that competition today is better because securitization is shut down. I’m trying to get some color on when securitization does start back up again what does M&T look like? How does competition compare versus what it was? The big element, have you picked up enough market share at this point where it’s not a big deal? I know it’s really forward looking but if you can sort of give some color on that.
Rene F. Jones: One, I think it takes time. Two, I think we would welcome things that could be done that would provide confidence back in to the markets because I think it is good for everybody overall. Remember, if you go back two years ago or three years ago now maybe 2005 and 2006 people were saying, “Geeze you don’t have much revenue growth.” Well, the issue there was just everybody was lending and money was relatively cheap and so you couldn’t get much growth. Now, we’re at the opposite end of the spectrum and I think there is probably a lot of ground in the middle. I think for regional banks there will be somewhat of a favorable environment relative to competition for some time. The longer that we don’t see much in the way of reform on a regulatory side I think the longer we’ll see that the securitization markets and those types of things, people have some leeriness about them. But, it’s hard to tell. These things take a long time to change.
Amanda Larsen: One last question, longer term do you guys target an efficiency ratio as we’re trying to look at core EPS a couple of years out? Does it look more like legacy M&T?
Rene F. Jones: I’m still savoring our progress that we made this quarter. I don’t know, I think we said before low 50s is something that we think M&T has done in the past and can do and I think we’ll continue to work our way there because at the end of the day I think that is what is going to make a difference in your ability to be competitive, low 50s.
Operator: At this time there are no further questions. I will turn it back over for closing remarks.
Donald J. MacLeod: Again, I’d like to thank you all for participating today and as always if clarification of any items on the call or news release is necessary, please contact our investor relations department at 716-842-5138.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-21 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the M&T Bank Corporation, third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Don MacLeod, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Don MacLeod: Thank you Paula, and good afternoon. This is Don MacLeod. I’d like to thank everyone for participating in M&T’s third quarter 2009 earnings conference call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued this morning, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website www.mtb.com and by clicking on the Investor Relations link. Also before we start, I’d like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry, and M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on Forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now, I’d like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, Rene Jones.
Rene Jones: Thank you Don, and welcome everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. Unavoidable conflicts made it necessary to schedule today’s call for the afternoon, so I’d also like to thank you for your patience. Let’s turn right to the results. Diluted earnings per common share were $0.97 in the third quarter of 2009, compared with $0.36 earned in the second quarter of 2009. Net income for the recent quarter was $128 million, compared with $51 million in the linked quarter. After tax, merger related expenses relating to both Provident and Bradford Bank acquisitions were $9 million or $0.07 per common share in the recent quarter. This compares with after tax merger related expenses of $40 million or $0.35 per common share in the second quarter of 2009. Future merger related expenses resulting from these two acquisitions should be quite modest. The purchase agreement related to Bradford Bank, which included a loss sharing agreement with the FDIC on the loan portfolio, lead to an after tax gain of $18 million or $0.15 per common share, which more than offset merger related expenses incurred during the quarter. These two items aggregate to a net after tax benefit of $9 million or $0.08 per common share. Amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets amounted to $0.09 per common share in the third quarter of 2009, compared to $0.08 in the linked quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per common share, which exclude the amortization of core deposits and other intangible assets, as well as each of the merger related items I just mentioned, were $0.98 per common share for the recent quarter, up 24% from $0.79 in the linked quarter. The net operating income for the quarter was $129 million, compared with $101 million in the linked quarter. There were two other noteworthy items reflected in M&T’s results for the recent quarter. First, we recorded pre-tax other than temporary impairment charges of $47 million for certain private mortgage backed securities carried in our available for sale securities portfolio, as well as for truck CDOs we acquired in 2007 Partners Trust merger. This reduced our earnings by $29 million or $0.24 per common share on an after tax basis. Second, we recorded a $10 million or $0.08 per common share reversal of income taxes previously accrued for uncertain tax positions in various jurisdictions. Next I’d like to cover a few highlights from the balance sheet and income statement. Taxable equivalent net interest income was $553 million for the third quarter, an increase of 9% from $507 million in the linked quarter, and an increase of 12% from $493 million in the third quarter of 2008. The net interest margin was 3.61%, expanding from 3.43% in the second quarter of 2009. There were two primary drivers of the margin expansion. The first was a decline in the rates tied to our wholesale borrowing. The average rates for three months and six months LIBOR declined by 46 and 59 basis points respectively in the second quarter, essentially catching up to the declines in short-term rates that we witnessed in the first half of 2009; roughly half of the 18 basis points of margin expansion related to the re-pricing of our wholesale borrowings. The second factor was deposit re-pricing. A combination of lower rates on money market deposit accounts, combined with the maturity of high rate times deposits accounted for substantially all of the remainder of the margin expansion. In January, we speculated that the full year margins for 2009 following a decline in the third quarter would be in line with the full year 2008 margins of 3.83%. With a margin of 3.41% for the first nine months of 2009, we appear to have realized much of the anticipated benefit of lower interest rates a bit earlier than expected. Although it’s difficult to predict the net interest margin over the short-term, our outlook for the remainder of 2009 is for the margin to be stable to modestly wider, assuming the interest rate environment remains unchanged. Average loans for the third quarter were $52.3 billion, compared to $50.6 billion in the linked quarter. The entire increase came as a result of the impact from Provident and Bradford mergers. On a core basis, excluding those transactions, we would estimate the changes to the M&T loan portfolio were as follows: Average total loans declined an annualized 4% in comparison to this year’s second quarter. Average commercial and industrial loans declined by 4.4% or 18% annualized. This included a $218 million decline in auto floor plan lending. While we normally expect to see a seasonal decline in dealer inventories, in advance of the new model year, there’s no question that auto inventories overall are lower than we’ve seen for some time. To give you some perspective, average floor plan loans were under $900 million in September, compared with $1.4 billion during last year’s third quarter. Excluding loans to finance dealer inventories, average commercial and industrial loans declined by $394 million. Commercial customers have generally lowered their line utilization. Of course, the flip side of this is the fact that these same customers are holding more cash, as evidenced by the strong deposit growth that we’ll discuss in a moment. Average commercial real estate loans increased an annualized 3%. Average residential Real Estate loans decreased an annualized 2%, and consumer longs declined an annualized 2% with modest growth in home equity lines of credit being offset by lower indirect auto loans. We experienced some softening of commercial loan demand in our community banking regions, as well as in our non-community bank based portfolios. For example, the upstate New York and Pennsylvania regions experienced low single digit declines; the Mid Atlantic region was essentially flat; while the metro New York region experienced mid single digit growth. We continue to see strong growth in core deposits. Average core customer deposits in the third quarter, excluding any impact from Provident and Bradford, and which excludes foreign deposits and CDs over 100,000, increased by an annualized 11% from the second quarter. Compared with last year’s third quarter, excluding the impact from acquisitions, average non-interest bearing deposits were up 46%. Turning to non-interest income; excluding securities gains and losses, and the gain from the Bradford acquisition, non-interest income was $296 million for the recent quarter, unchanged from the link quarter. Non-interest income from the former Provident franchise was $25 million, an increase of $17 million from the linked quarter, reflecting full impact of the acquisition. M&T’s share of operating results from Bayview Lending Group or BLG was a loss of $11 million, compared with a $207,000 loss in the linked quarter. BLG’s recent quarter’s performance was largely attributable to a loss on sale of a small portfolio of loans, as well as a currency hedging loss on the portfolio of Canadian loans. Mortgage banking fees were $48 million for the quarter compared with $53 million in the linked quarter and $38 million in the third quarter of 2008. This reflects the impact from rising mortgage rates late in the second quarter, which carried through to most of the third quarter. Service charges on deposit counts were $129 million during the recent quarter, an increase of $16 million from the link quarter. $13 million of the increase was due to the full quarter impact of the Provident acquisition. Turning to expenses; operating expenses, which exclude the merger related expenses and amortization of intangible assets were $469 million, compared with $482 million in the second quarter of 2009. Recall that the second quarter’s results included the $33 million special FDIC assessment. Excluding that item, operating expenses for the third quarter increased by $20 million from the linked quarter. As we move further along in the consolidation process, it becomes difficult to break out Provident-only operating expenses, however that $20 million increase was largely due to the full quarter impact of the acquisition. Core M&T expenses were well controlled. The third quarter’s results included no adjustments for the valuation allowance for capitalized residential mortgage servicing rights, compared with a $13 million reversal of the allowance in the second quarter of 2009. Now let’s turn to credit; non-accrual loans increased to $1.2 billion or 2.35% of loans at the end of the recent quarter, compared with $1.1 billion or 2.11% at the end of the previous quarter, an increase of about 10%. The increase in non-accrual loans included about $42 million of loans acquired in the Provident transaction, for which a fair value adjustment was made at the acquisition date. The remaining loans newly classified as non-accrual in the third quarter included two commercial and industrial loans and a residential developer credit. These three loans accounted for substantially all of the remaining increase in non-accrual loans as compared with the linked quarter. Other non-performing assets consisting of assets taken into foreclosure of defaulted loans were $85 million as of September 30, down from $90 million as of June 30. Net charge-offs for the quarter were $141 million, compared with $138 million in the second quarter of 2009. Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of loans was 1.07%, down from 1.09% in the linked quarter. Included in net charge-offs was a $42 million charge off on a loan to an operator of retirement communities, which was moved to non-accrual status in the second quarter. The provision for credit losses was $154 million for the third quarter, compared with $147 million in the linked quarter; the provision exceeded charge-offs by $13 million. As we’ve previously noted, the Provident loan portfolios are being accounted for in accordance with the new accounting rules that took place at the beginning of the year. What this means is that those loan portfolios were marked to fair value as of the acquisition date, by analyzing the net present value of cash flows from those loans. The result is, that this fair valuation process under the new rules, prohibits the carryover of the loan loss allowance from the acquired entities. Put another way, M&T’s allowance for loan losses exists to absorb losses only in M&T’s legacy portfolio, and not for loans acquired in the Provident and Bradford transaction. The ratio of the allowance for credit losses to legacy M&T loans was 1.81%, up from 1.76% in the link quarter. As of September 30, 2008, that ratio was 1.60%. The loan loss allowance as of September 30, 2009 covered year-to-date annualized charge-offs by 1.7 times. Loans past due 90 days, but still accruing were $183 million at the end of the recent quarter and included $173 million of loans guaranteed by government related entities. Those figures were $155 million and $144 million respectively at the end of the sequential quarter. M&T’s tangible common equity ratio was 4.89% at the end of the quarter, an increase of 40 basis points from 4.49% at the end of the second quarter. Approximately half of the increase was attributable to a lower level of unrealized losses on our available for sale investment portfolio. The other half is primarily attributable to earnings retention and the slightly smaller balance sheet. Turning to our outlook; as I mentioned earlier, our near term outlook for the net interest margin is that it should be relatively stable to modestly wider. We’ll share our view of the longer term on the January earnings call. While credit costs remain elevated as the current credit cycle continues to play out, our in-flows of loans into non-accrual status, and our loss experience continues to be very manageable. What gives us the most comfort is our strong pre-tax, pre-provision profitability, which creates an ability to deal with issues that arise. We also believe that we have been early in addressing those issues that have a risen so far. Also as we’ve said before, you should expect a certain level of variability in both the non-accrual loans and the charge-offs in any single quarter, as we’ve seen, a single large loan can skew the overall numbers. Overall, net charge-offs continue to be in line with our expectations. The efficiency ratio calculated on the net operating basis was 55.2% for the third quarter, unchanged from the third quarter of 2008. The 60% efficiency ratio in the second quarter of this year reflected the impact of the one-time FDIC assessment. Excluding that assessment, the ratio for the second quarter was 56.0. As a continued integration of the Provident franchise should contribute to improvement in the efficiency ratio, we estimate that the Provident acquisition added $0.08 to diluted net operating earnings per share, in the first full quarter following the closing of the transaction. This pace is ahead of our original projection. All of these projections are of course subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events and other macroeconomic factors which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. We’ll now open up the call to questions, before which Paula will review the instructions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Heather Wolf - UBS.
Heather Wolf: Just a couple of questions on the OTTI mark; first of all, can you give us a little bit more color on what piece of that was the private MBS and what piece of it was TruPS. Also can you just outline how much is remaining in the TruPS portfolio that was not marked on the PPKS deal?
Rene Jones: Yes, sure. The Partners Trust piece was $2 million out of the $47 million, and just the amount that is all written down to today is $10 million.
Heather Wolf: So it sounds like the majority of it was from private MBS: was that from the hybrid arms book or…?
Rene Jones: It’s from the private label mortgage backed securities book, and as you kind of look in the Q, we sort of outlined that portfolio by sort of saying how much is senior, and how much is subordinate, and how much is investment grade, and how much is not. Most of this came from the more subordinate portion of the portfolio, and we sort of the went through our standard process that we’ve used every quarter, and wrote down the $45 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: First, just on the reserve level; can you talk about where you expect to build reserve levels over the next year and are you having any discussions with your regulators around reserving?
Rene Jones: Well, I’ll take that in reverse. As far as our regulators are concerned, and all of the other parties that review us, our reserving process is very much an open book, and I think when you take into consideration things like shared national credit and those things, it probably should make an investor feel that much better, that a lot of people are looking at those processes. To get to the first part of your question, I would say that we still see increases in the overall classified loan book, as well as into non-performing that you can see in our results, albeit the pace that those increases have seemed to slow down, but given that you’re going to continue to see, we continue to see that migration, our reserving process will follow that migration. To the extent that we see some large credit that we think has loss content that we haven’t identified, we would provide for that, but generally I think our process is very consistent and you’ve kind of seen that over the last several quarters.
Craig Siegenthaler: Then just a quick question on charge-offs; from what you just said, it sounds like the NPL growth all came from three large loans. $42 million of charge-offs came from one large loan. If you kind of put down the numbers and your delinquencies went up seasonally, do you think charge-offs could actually improve sequentially, third quarter to fourth quarter?
Rene Jones: It’s too hard to predict. I think you described it very well. If you set aside the sort of one large credit we were just under $100 million. The primary reason for that I think is really two or three things. One, our consumer book continues to perform very well. The charge-offs in the consumer book were about equal, to what they were the prior quarter. If you look at 30 day plus delinquencies, we were at 1.66%, which was up 14 basis points from last quarter, but equal to where we were at the end of 2008. So it’s pretty stellar performance on that part. The other thing is that contributing to our losses last year and throughout this year, have been our residential mortgage book and particularly our Alt-A portfolio, but because we’ve been on that for so long, and I think we were early in the intervention, those losses again have been pretty stable. I think they were down. Something like last quarter they were $31 million and this quarter they were $19 million or $20 million, somewhere in that range. So we’ve been able to get a big portion of that portfolio by sort of getting at it early, and the fact that it was also very well underwritten has been pretty stable. We’ve seen for some time the items that we’ve been talking about over the last three or four quarters on the C&I side, and I think that will continue, but you can kind of get some sense that we seem to have a fair amount of room to be able to absorb those types of things in our overall credit outlook; those are my thoughts. Can I predict what’s next quarter? Not possible.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets.
Bob Ramsey: I know we’ve talked around it a little bit, but could you break out with the $141 million in charge-offs; which portfolios, and how much was in each one?
Rene Jones: Yes, I think I can. With the caveat that as we file the reports, I’m looking that it might be slightly different from where we end up on a regulatory basis but give me one second.
Bob Ramsey: Sure, and maybe while you dig that up, with the renegotiated residential ones that you all have, are all of those initially placed in a non-accrual status until they’ve demonstrated performance, or if they’re performing at the time of modification, do some of them stay in accrual buckets?
Rene Jones: Well, one of the things that’s different about our modification program, I think it’s one of the reasons why it’s doing so well, is that for a long time now we’ve been modifying loans that are current. So to the extent that we modify loans before someone gets into trouble, and it hasn’t missed a payment, it doesn’t go into non-performing. If they had missed the payment one or two or three payments before we did the modification, then after the modification they have to make six months worth of payments before we remove it out of the non-accrual status. I think about it a little differently, but if I just start with consumer loans. I’ll just make sure that we have the right columns here. So on the consumer books, the charge-offs this quarter were $30 million and the charge-offs last quarter were $31 million, and when we look at C& I, the charge-offs were $71 million versus last month being 48, with I believe that $42 million credit included in those numbers. Then if we go to residential, this quarter we had $20 million of residential mortgage charge-offs, last quarter we had 31. If you remember, in the 31 was a fair amount of sort of the remaining portion of our one closed construction portfolio; I think that portfolio is down to about $90 million now, so it’s pretty much off the table. Then our commercial real estate went from $28 million last quarter to $20 million this quarter, and the large portion of that, if not most of that is residential builders, the same story we’ve been talking about for some time, and that’s actually a little bit lower than we had anticipated when we were sitting at the beginning of the year, but I won’t say that we’re done on the builder and developer space, but I will say that we know the portfolio well, a couple years into that work.
Bob Ramsey: Okay, that’s very helpful. Then maybe if I jump back to the renegotiated loans, could you just talk a little bit about the re-default rates that you all have seen, or maybe six months from the time of modification?
Rene Jones: Yes, so if you look at six months from the time of modification, that number is 27%, and I think last quarter it was 25% or 26%, so it’s up a little bit, but still pretty good, and that re-default rate is 60 days or greater delinquent. If we were to go 30 plus days, it would be roughly 35%, so somebody missing one payment, it would be 35.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew O’Connor - Deutsche Bank.
Matthew O’Connor: Maybe I’ll ask the customary quarterly question on BLG; continued to report some losses. I think they’ve totaled about $45 million or so since you bought it. Do you still feel confident you won’t have to take an impairment on that investment?
Rene Jones: Today we feel that we’ve addressed it appropriately. You saw that the losses this quarter were a little higher than we had been last quarter. Part of that as we said was a sales from loans, but then also sort of swing in the sort of hedging of the Canadian exchange on their Canadian portfolio moved against us this quarter, moved for us last quarter. So the projections are really not different than we had been thinking about over the course of this year. All the signs have been sort of on track with where our plan is, particularly on the Bayview Asset Management front, as well as the pay down of the cash flows coming from the residuals.
Matthew O’Connor: Okay, then as you think about 2010, does the business need to start being profitable? Do you expect it to be? I guess I feel like an investment that’s made eventually, if it keeps kicking off losses, there’s risk of impairment, and I know we always ask the same question every quarter, but…
Rene Jones: I don’t expect the long-term cash flow type losses to be significant in that originations business, because there’s not much business going on in that piece. Much of the valuation of our basis has to do with cash flows from residuals. I don’t know that as you receive those cash flows, that’s not necessarily from an accounting term income, because it’s a fixed set of cash flows that I would define in my old days, many years ago when I was in school, we used to call that a dying asset. So typically that type of asset as you get cash flow, it just writes down the basis. So I don’t think of it as income, I think of it as cash flow. I wouldn’t expect to have any significant losses from that as we kind of move forward.
Matthew O’Connor: Okay, and then just separately, not a big deal but you mentioned indirect auto; I guess that’s auto on the consumer side was down a little bit quarter to quarter, and I was wondering why I thought spreads were actually pretty good in that business, and there’s pick up in volume and maybe an opportunity to make some good loans there.
Rene Jones: You’re talking about the indirect auto business?
Matthew O’Connor: Yes, on the consumer side.
Rene Jones: Yes, I think that we’re still relatively cautious. Volumes are good, but more importantly when we said I think it was in January of 2008, that what we were going to do is we were going to focus on our in footprint business, and we were going to make loans specifically in the community and try to take share, we meant that. So the fact that we have a legacy portfolio there, that might have been slightly outside of the footprint or not relationship driven, then we’re not doing that portion anymore, it creates the run-off in the books. We’re still generating probably something like $100 million, maybe slightly north of that a month in new business there. So what you’re getting, if you were to look at a P&L, is the overall portfolio margin is widening. The old stuff is running off.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe: If I heard correctly on the call, you mentioned that your loan balances excluding recent acquisitions may have been slightly negative this quarter. I was just wondering what you’re seeing given your pipeline about further loan balance contraction from here and really how much visibility do you have on that; is it one quarter, two quarter, etc…
Rene Jones: Well, It’s a very good question. First of all, when you look at the pipeline for business, it’s not down. I’ve got a slight adjustment to make for the acquisitions, but I think the pipeline seems to be slightly up, but the utilization is the big issue and utilization has been down maybe 1% over the quarter, and I think it seems to be consistent with people who are sort of pulling back not making capital expenditures, and one of the things that you definitely see Ken is not because the companies are unhealthy, because they’re producing significant profits and significant amount of cash, and you are seeing that on the other side of our balance sheets. So I think that the business bankers, small businesses and middle-market businesses in our footprint seem to be very cautious to make new capital investments. We’re willing to lend, so we’re out there. I guess that that continues for some time. When I look at the Federal Reserve data, our data mirrors it.
Ken Zerbe: Okay, that’s great. Then the other question I had was on you’re I guess New York commercial real estate portfolio. Obviously with credit losses down, the credit quality is holding in very well, but just commenting on sort of what you’re seeing in the underlying credit trends. Are we seeing higher LTVs, are you checking I guess the appraisals or getting new appraisals? Our cash flow is holding in, supporting the underlying loans?
Rene Jones: Yes sure, and Ken I beg your patience a little bit. I’ll start off by saying our normal process is that we review every loan every year as it comes up for renewal and we look at all of that. Then on top of that, we don’t talk about it that much, but we review any loan that’s in our classified loan book that is greater than $350,000 every single quarter. We do a write up on the loan, it goes to committee to they determine whether they need to look at it or not; it’s a pretty exhaustive review. Then as you’ve seen over the last three years, we then do specific reviews on portfolios. So now, this past quarter I should say, we completed our second formal review of the New York City book, and the short answer is there’s not much change there. A couple of things I can kind of point you to is that, if you look at our largest 10 loans in that portfolio, our largest 10 relationships at the end of July, there were only two that had worked their way into the criticized loan book, and as I look at those two, there hasn’t been much change from last quarter, and I’ll take one, in case the a larger loan is that. There is some probability, that down the road, if the owners are those people who have the equity stake or the mezzanine stake, and they decide they don’t want to continue to participate, we could see ourselves having a non-performing loan. We got appraisals on that particular building I believe in the last 10 days, and we’re money good on that loan as the valuations stand today. Much of that has to do with the structure of how we under wrote that loan. The second is probably further out and is very similar. I think overall, when you go from review to review, we’ve seen a continued downward migration. If we were to look at the top-level statistics that are sort of outside M&T when we begin the review, they’re exactly what you’ve been reading about and hearing about in terms of vacancies and delinquencies. It helps us that we’re not in the Class A space of the lot, but overall for our portfolio, while we’ve seen a continuation of the migration, there’s been a slower rate of down grades, and most of those down grades are from market conditions versus surprises, like we didn’t understand the structure of our particular loan. The things I think that seem to be separating us from the pack are, that we really have a limited true construction and development risk. We’ve got low condo exposure, and to give you some sense of that, if you were to look in that New York City book of $5.6 billion, there’s $601 million of commitments that you could classify as construction, $461 million is outstanding. 62% of that is completed. The remainder is in sort of residential and sort of condo, that’s roughly outstanding of $153 million. When you look at that space, of all of the projects -- I’ve got a list in front of me of all of the projects, there’s only two of those projects that the sales price of the units are greater than $1 million, the highest is a million two; every other one has average unit sales prices of below $1 million, that’s the space that’s moving in New York. So if you go from our last review, which was February to this review, the condo co-op construction exposure has actually dropped 60% since February, because we’re in that sort of low-end space relative to New York City, and those are moving. So I kind of look at the whole thing and I classify it as no change. For example, we won’t do less work here, we’ll continue to get appraisals and focus on our watch list, but we still feel pretty good about our underwriting, but we still feel that we like everybody else will focus on commercial real estate.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Alexopolous – JP Morgan.
Steven Alexopoulos: Could you start by commenting on the impact to your shared national credit book, from the quarter in the exam?
Rene Jones: I guess can make the general statement that any increase in our classified loan book are non-performing loans, as well as our charge-offs this quarter fully reflect anything that came out of the shared national credit again. I thought it was interesting that everything where we were the lead agent held up well, and we actually had one of the credits upgraded, and for the most part, I think we saw some of the same things that you are probably seeing at other institutions, we just have a smaller number of those credits, and so anything that you see in our numbers this quarter and last quarter are reflective of what we knew at that time.
Don MacLeod: And the exams this year focused on some high-risk kinds of activities, like leverage and finance, media and telecom, and obviously the real estate component. From a leverage finance perspective and media and telecom perspective, it’s not areas where we really play.
Steven Alexopoulos: Rene, I just had one other question; a peer bank of yours has been fairly vocal recently, that they’re planning to deploy capital in your core markets. Just wondering how competitive you might get given where your capital levels are in a non-FDIC deal. I know you are essentially just targeting FDIC deals now?
Rene Jones: It’s hard to change our DNA. I mean, we tend to think about things as a very long term. If there was an opportunity in the space where that entity had a lot of core customers, where we think that could add value, we would be interested, but we’re not in any sort of arms race out there. We’re very content with growing the business in a very consistent fashion that we have, and you kind of see our decisions. So we don’t really think about what other people are thinking about.
Steven Alexopoulos: Maybe as a follow-up on your NIM outlook, does this imply essentially the cost benefit you’ve seen on the funding side as done, and there’s been a benefit coming from this mix shift into non-interest bearing? Is that essentially played out as well?
Rene Jones: I think you describe it pretty well. The half that came from the deposit side, there’s a nice benefit coming there, and you remember that some of the benefit on the deposit side, kind of hurts you in the service charge category, because it’s covering fees on your commercial side, but I think that’s really what we’ve seen. I look at the yield on the time deposit book, it’s not fully re-priced yet, but I’d be surprised to see an 18 basis point expansion again, so that’s where we get our guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management.
John Fox: I have a couple of questions; the first is, you mentioned the NPLs, that some of those came from Provident; I believe you said, $42 million in the quarter. I’m trying to figure out, is that consistent with your original accounting, that you wrote all the loans down to fair value, or is there something going on with the Provident loans?
Rene Jones: No, I mean if you think about, it’s sort of a three-step process that we do. We project forward all of the cash flows in the loans, and in the embedded in, there’s an expectation we won’t get paid on from credit losses. As we said in the transaction, I think that our credit mark at the time we closed the deal was about $320 million. Some portion of that went to loans, and on the day we acquired it, we felt we’re already impaired, and that’s where we set up our SOP 3-3 loan, and we disclosed that in our Q. What happens from there is, the loan sort of has a downturn, it also then just goes through your normal process, and so even though you have got set up a mark on that loan, it still has stopped paying so it can go into non-accrual. So what I was pointing out is that, the migration of things to non-accrual and to loss for Provident if we had done our job, should be covered in that original 320 mark.
John Fox: So they won’t result in charge-offs in future quarters.
Rene Jones: That’s a good way to put it. If our estimates are proper, they shouldn’t result in charge-offs in future quarters.
John Fox: Okay, and in response to an earlier question, did you mention the amount of subordinated MBS you have left, what the fair value of that is at this point?
Rene Jones: I did not. The pure subordinate number, I don’t want to get it wrong. I’m going to come back to you on this, but I thought it was around $116 million or $120 million.
John Fox: Okay, and then two quick ones; in terms of Bayview, are you suggesting because of these unusual items in the quarter that the loss going forward should be less?
Rene Jones: I don’t know. I’m just sort of trying to give you a quarter to quarter the run rate. Last quarter was there was no loss, and we benefited from a swing in foreign exchange. This quarter it was kind of high, because we had those types of items right? So I’m just trying to give you a sense of what’s in the numbers and why they swing a little bit.
John Fox: The service charges line which you mentioned the increase, do you feel that’s a sustainable level at this point?
Rene Jones: Well, the trends are pretty consistent. I’d say that this has been a flat to slight decline in service charges in the industry overall. I think that where you see some decline in that line is particularly on the commercial side as commercial businesses continue to hold more cash, it reduces that line, because they get credit for that, for the services they use with us, so that should have a direct offset in the margin.
John Fox: But to pick up from Provident, it seems like that would continue on an ongoing basis.
Rene Jones: What would continue?
John Fox: You said you had an increase in service because of the acquisitions.
Rene Jones: That’s just bringing the two together and now you got the full quarter of Provident.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Goldberg - Barclays Capital.
Jason Goldberg: Sorry if I missed this, but did the Bradford deal impact the SOP-3 loans. Can you just give us more color with respect to what impact Provident had on net interest income if it determines kind of accretable yield and advertising some of the fair value marks, back into net interest income of just whether dollars or NIM impact and your outlook for that going forward?
Rene Jones: On the second question, I think it was one basis point negative Provident, but it was one basis point negative to our overall margin. Then I’m being told that the Bradford is about of the SOP, is it difference? So the Bradford ad is about $20 million to the SOP, so I took it from 88.7 to 108.
Operator: Your next question comes from Todd Hagerman of Collins Stuart.
Todd Hagerman: Rene, I just had a question in terms of the pre-provision profit. You had a nice rebound this quarter and I’m just wondering how we should think about it as we look out into 2010. If I think about maybe a balance sheet, that’s kind of flattish if you will, given kind of where loan demand is, and just kind of mortgage banking that’s been obviously having a terrific year this year. How do you put those pieces together as you think about possibly growing the revenue growth or revenue base in a kind of a tough environment into 2010?
Rene Jones: Well, I think that the way I think about it is that when you look at the overall economy, it’s probably going to be slow, and so I wouldn’t expect our balance sheet to grow more than the overall economy. So if you think that it’s sort of flat to slightly positive, we should benefit from that. I still think that we have sort of some portfolios of assets that in my mind are transactional or will continue to run off, so our overall earnings asset growth might be modest next year. I would think that our end market share might be higher, and so that tends to focus on sort of the profitability aspect of things, rather than pure balance sheet growth. Mortgage is hard to predict, it’s a very volatile business. Remember that today, throughout 2009, ours and other fee income businesses have been muted a bit by the fact that the market is in the first half of the year performed so poorly, so any sort of rebound in the market helps us a little bit. Then I think we have work to do on cross-selling some of the new customers that we’ve gotten, and that should help us a bit. I think more than anything, I think that the thing I look at is, the last time we were in the 360s was in the third quarter of 2007 and in terms of our margin, we had a 51.5% efficiency ratio roughly back then, now we’re at 55. We would like to explore ways to sort of get back to our normal level of efficiency over time.
Todd Hagerman: Just in that regard, can you give us any kind of an update just on the efficiency initiative? You’ve talked about in the past about trying to balance the two between the revenue side as well as the cost side and as you know, the cost is the hallmark of the company. Any additional detail or color you can give us there?
Rene Jones: Not a lot of specifics, because I would say that unlike the project work that we’ve done in the past, this is really each of the individual business units segments and regions, kind of looking at what the opportunities are in their space. Clearly the opportunity in the Mid Atlantic where we’ve just done two deals is very different from what it might be in New York City, and what it might be for some of our pure fee income businesses. So everybody is sort of taking a look at that, and at some point maybe next quarter or shortly thereafter, we would probably have a little bit more color, but we just call it basic blocking and tackling, and kind of set a goal, and we’re pretty good at executing towards that. So as we learn more, we’ll talk to you more about it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Amanda Larsen - Raymond James.
Amanda Larsen: I just wanted to know, did you mention why other revenues from operations went up? It’s the line item below BLG on your non-interest income.
Rene Jones: That might be where the Bradford gain is recorded, which is $29 million pre-tax.
Amanda Larsen: Bradford gain of $29 million pre-tax? Additionally you said that merger charges would be modest from here, could you give us a range between the two transactions?
Rene Jones: I mean I think that we’re substantially done. I mean, maybe here or there we’ve got to work on some branches and so fourth, but single digits.
Amanda Larsen: And then if another Bradford came along this quarter, is that something you’d be willing to look at; another FDIC assisted deal like immediately?
Rene Jones: Well, we look at everything, so it would have to be attractive, it would have to be probably in our core footprint where there are a lot of customers that we could engage, and I think right now though, we’re heavily focused on sort of understanding the process with an FDIC assisted deal, and beyond announcing the transaction, there’s always a lot of work around getting your systems configured to handle that type of reporting, and those types of things. So that’s what we’re focused on now. We really continue to focus on Bradford to understand how to do it well, but all of that as we move forward, month after month, makes us probably that much more proficient at being able to handle another.
Operator: Your next question comes from Garry Fall - Private Investor.
Garry Fall: The fact that you recorded a gain on Barnard, does that imply that all exposed assets, meaning assets other than the loss component for which the government will cover you on losses were written to zero, and you still had enough assistance to record the gain?
Rene Jones: Well, we didn’t take all of the securities books, and the other securities books were written down to market, right? I believe most of those were government related investments.
Garry Fall: The rules then have changed, because they used to have to write everything down before you got to a gain, that’s been changed?
Rene Jones: That’s exactly right. The rules have changed, so what ends up happening Garry, other than the wonderful days of the early 90s, you don’t take that directly to the balance sheet and goodwill. What ends up happening is, you mark the loans as if you own them, and then you also record a receivable from the FDIC and that actually is what creates the gain that goes through your income statements.
Garry Fall: Well that’s different than when I did deals in the 90s. Okay, my second question is Bayview; I was a little confused by your answer on cash flows. Does your answer mean that you’re getting cash flows from Bayview in addition to what you’re recording from the loss?
Rene Jones: Well, if you look at the one business, which is BLG, what we’re doing is we record the basis and then if we have gains through the income statement that writes the basis up, and if we have losses it writes the basis down. Then we have two other assets, which flow to M&T, one is a subset of over more than $1 billion dollars of residuals of which we receive 20% of the payments on, and those cash flows, I think of them as balance sheet items.
Garry Fall: So you have those recorded separately from the Bayview?
Rene Jones: No, you would see it on the basis, right? If we think of the overall relationship, the way it’s structured is first residuals go to pay off their loans and lines right, and then as those get fully paid down, in part in January of 2010, and then finally in May of 2010, then you’ll begin to see those cash flows reduce the basis of the investment.
Garry Fall: What is the basis today?
Rene Jones: $256.2 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from Collyn Gilbert - Stifel Nicolaus.
Collyn Gilbert: Just a couple of things; what were the geographic locations of the three large non-accruals that came on this quarter?
Rene Jones: Good question. Let’s see… Why don’t you ask the second one and I’ll see if I can get an answer for you.
Collyn Gilbert: The second one is just, sort of what’s your expectation on run rate on expenses?
Rene Jones: Yes, I think that we’ve done a pretty good job of containing expenses so far. I don’t think that that will change. I think we’ll probably have to contain core expenses, but we haven’t yet fully integrated the Provident acquisition, so we have work there. I would say expenses going forward next year would be pretty contained, and then we’ll also receive some benefit from fully integrating the branch network of Provident.
Collyn Gilbert: Can you remind us what the dollar amount was then, of the expense saved you had anticipated with Provident?
Rene Jones: I don’t know, what did we say, 45%? A pre-merger cost basis. So you may have to take a look at say their first quarter I think, take a look at where they were and if they do a run rate on that.
Collyn Gilbert: And the timeline for integrating those would be?
Rene Jones: And I think I also said on the last call, if our goal was 45, we probably have gotten to 26%, 27% already.
Collyn Gilbert: What percent of the C&I book is tied to LIBOR?
Rene Jones: Oh, most of it. The lion’s share is tied to LIBOR. The lion’s share of that is tied to one month LIBOR. Some is three, but most of it is one month LIBOR, which is why you saw it reprice so fast at the beginning of the year. Then to your earlier question, one was in sort of Hudson Valley, but that’s not now, because the stork market is rebounded and I think that has probably helped a little bit in moving units, but early on when folks couldn’t sell their homes, that would delay them, in terms of going into purchasing unites within the retirement community. That sort of slowed the cash flows a little and put a little stress on them, but there’s probably some of that I would guess is still going on, but I also think that I read from the book, that what our credit guys have done is, the rebound in the stock market has helped some people sort of push them over the edge there.
Collyn Gilbert: Okay, and just one last thing, on the net charge-offs that you had indicated was part of the retirement community, you said that went on non-accrual when? Was that the first or second quarter?
Rene Jones: Second quarter.
Collyn Gilbert: And then just one final question; would you mind breaking out the loan balances per segment for the quarter. It was helpful, the way you did it on the NPL front, but could you just do it on the straight loan growth.
Rene Jones: Loan growth you mean?
Collyn Gilbert: No, you could just give us the balances just for this quarter, for each loan segment. You can always put it in the press release too if you wanted going forward.
Rene Jones: Thank you for the suggestion. Isn’t it in the press release?
Collyn Gilbert: No.
Rene Jones: You’re saying as that or average? Well, I’ll give it to you.
Collyn Gilbert: Oh, my mistake. Never mind, forget it, my fault.
Rene Jones: It was still a good suggestion.
Operator: Your next question comes from David George - Robert W. Baird.
David George: I had a quick question about consumer legislation and the impact on NSF overdraft fees. Do you care and try to quantify the impact that it would have for you guys longer term. Obviously I know it was a meaningful driver for Provident historically. I was just wondering if you had a comment on that. Thanks.
Rene Jones: I’m not sure that it is a quantifiable thing in part, because you’re not quite sure where it will end up, right? I tend to think of not necessarily fees, but I think of the value of the deposit account, but having said that, there’s a lot of folks that came out with the sort of pre-announcement of some of the things that they were going to do. We haven’t really said anything about it, but that’s in part because there’s a number of things that we were already doing, that seems to be either talked about in legislation or announced by some of the institutions. I’ll give you a couple of them. We had capped the number of insufficient fund fees per day since 2005, so we had a maximum of six per day already. As you know, we also had on the first occurrence, we did not charge the full fee, we actually charged a fee of $18 or something like that per item, which was among the lowest of any of the banks that were out there, with the thought process that clearly anybody can sort of make a mistake, and when that happens to you it’s a bit of a reminder as opposed to sort of charging the full penalty. Then a couple of other things; when you think about it, when you come to an M&T ATM, in places where we don’t have the technology we simply don’t allow it to overdraw, but where we do have the technology, we provide the customer with a notice saying they are about to overdraw their account, just as if they had just walked up to a teller and asked the same question, right. So now to the extent they choose to proceed forward, then they can actually do the transaction. So I think we’ve been very conscious of this stuff for a very long time. It doesn’t mean that we won’t make changes, but this is something that we think about all the time. We’ll be competitive, but I think it’s really kind of early to tell what the financial impact will be, not even quite sure what legislation will look like.
Operator: This concludes the Q-and-A portion of today’s conference. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. MacLeod for closing remarks.
Don MacLeod: Again, thank you all for participating today, and as always if clarification of any of the items in the call or news release is necessary, please contact our Investor Relations department at 716-842-5138.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today’s call. This concludes your conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-21 11:00:00) =====
Operator: My name is Juliann and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the M&T Bank second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Don MacLeod, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Donald J. MacLeod: This is Don MacLeod. I’d like to thank everyone for participating in M&T’s second quarter 2009 earnings conference call both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued earlier this morning you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules from our website www.MTB.com and by clicking on the investor relations link. Also, before we start I’d like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings including those found on Forms 8K, 10K and 10Q for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now, I’d like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer Rene Jones.
Rene F. Jones: Because we closed on the Provident Bank shares merger during this past quarter, there are some merger related expenses as well as the impact from purchase accounting which affect our reported results. Hopefully, I’ll be able to provide you with some clarity on just how they impacted us. Diluted earnings per share were $0.36 in the second quarter of 2009 compared with $0.49 earned in the first quarter of 2009. Net income for the recent quarter was $51 million compared with $64 million in the linked quarter. The amortization of core deposits and other intangible assets amounted to $0.08 in the second quarter of 2009 compared with $0.09 in the linked quarter. There were after tax merger related costs of $40 million or $0.35 per share in the recent quarter. Merger related costs were $1 million or $0.01 per share in the linked quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per share which exclude the amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets as well as merger related charges were $0.79 for the recent quarter, up 34% from $0.59 in the linked quarter. M&T’s net operating income for the quarter was $101 million compared to $75 million in the linked quarter. On this same operating basis, that is excluding intangible amortization and merger related expenses, we estimate that the Provident merger was in just its first five weeks, accretive by $0.01 per share in the second quarter. In addition to the merger related expenses that I just mentioned, the recent quarter’s results include three additional items that I’d like to break out for you. First, the quarter’s results included the impacts from the special FDIC assessment which amounted to $33 million on a pre-tax basis and $20 million or $0.17 per share on an after tax basis. This only relates to the special so called one-time assessments and does not include the higher run rate for the normal FDIC insurance expense. Second, we recorded pretax other than temporary impairment charges of $25 million for certain private mortgage backed securities carried in our available for sale securities portfolio as well as the TruPS CDOs we acquired in the partner’s trust merger. This came to $15 million or $0.13 per share on an after tax basis. Finally, we recorded a $13 million partial reversal of the allowance for capital mortgage servicing right. This equates to an after tax benefit of $8 million or $0.06 per share. In the aggregate these three items reduced the second quarter’s net operating income by a net $27 million after tax or $0.24 per diluted share. Next, I’d like to cover a few highlights from the balance sheet and income statement. Tangible equivalent net interest income was $507 million for the second quarter compared with $453 million in the linked quarter and $492 million in the second quarter of 2008. The net interest margin was 3.43% compared with 3.19% that we recorded in the first quarter of 2009. There was no material impact on the net interest margin from the Provident merger. As we indicated on the January and April conference calls, the deposit base and a portion of our wholesale funding book was repriced in relation to the very sharp reduction in short term rates last December. We continue to see a slightly positive bias in the net interest margin based on the current forward rate interest curve. As for the balance sheet, average loans for the second quarter were $50.6 billion compared to $48.8 billion in the linked quarter. The entire increase came as a result of the Provident merger. On a core basis M&T’s loan portfolio was flat compared to the first quarter as customer demand for loans particularly on the commercial side remained sluggish. Comparing the major sections of the core M&T portfolio to this year’s first quarter, commercial and industrial loans declined by 2% or 7% annualized. This was driven by a 10%, 41% annualized decline in auto floor plan lending as dealer inventories were reduced in response to the historically low levels of auto sales. Commercial real estate loans increased an annualized 4% and residential real estate loans increased an annualized 9%. This was largely due to the fact that a large portion of the applications taken and locked in the first quarter were actually funded in the second quarter. The origination warehouse peaked in May as applications and funding slowed when mortgage rates rose in the second quarter. Consumer loans declined by an annualized 2% with lower indirect auto loans offsetting modest growth in home equity lines of credit. If we view our lending activity from the perspective of our community bank regions again, on a core basis excluding the impact from Provident, we experienced growth in average loans for each region. For example, average loans in upstate New York grew an annualized 6% as compared to the link quarter. Our metro region which includes New York City grew an annualized 5%; Pennsylvania grew an annualized 3% and the mid Atlantic grew 4%. The declines came in our non-community portfolios which in aggregate were down an annualized 10%. This includes the indirect consumer portfolio and the auto dealer portfolio I mentioned earlier. We continue to see strong growth in core deposits. Average core customer deposits excluding the impact from Provident and which excludes foreign deposits and CDs over $100,000 increased by an annualized 24% from the first quarter. The quality of that growth is high. For example, relative to last year’s second quarter, excluding the impact from acquisitions, demand deposits are up $2.5 billion or 33%. Turning to non-interest income, excluding securities gains and losses non-interest income was $296 million for the recent quarter. This compares with $264 in the link quarter and $277 million in the second quarter of ’08. The former Provident franchise contributed $8 million of non-interest income for the quarter. Mortgage banking fees were $53 million for the quarter compared with $56 million in the linked quarter and $38 million in the second quarter of 2008. As I mentioned refinancing activities slowed significantly later in the quarter after mortgage rates rose. Service charges on deposit accounts were $112 million during the recent quarter, improved from $101 million in the linked quarter. In addition to the expected rebound from the seasonally low first quarter, Provident contributed $6 million to this line item. The other revenue was $77 million compared with $59 million in the first quarter and $77 million in the second quarter of ’08. The improvement from the linked quarter was primarily due to higher commercial loan and letter of credit fees, advisory fees and [inaudible] revenue. Turning to expenses, operating expenses which excludes merger related charges and the amortization of intangible assets were $482 million compared with $421 million in the first quarter of ’08 and $403 million in the second quarter of 2008. Provident contributed $21 million of the quarter’s operating expenses. The quarter’s results included the $33 million special FDIC assessment as well as an additional $17 million for the regular FDIC insurance premium. FDIC expense was just $6 million in this year’s first quarter. As I mentioned, the second quarter’s results also included a $13 million partial reversal of the evaluation allowance for capitalized residential servicing rights compared with a $5 million reversal in the first quarter of ’09 and a $9 million reversal in the second quarter of 2008. Let’s turn to credit; as we noted in the press release the Provident loan portfolio is being accounted for in accordance with the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards 141R and Statement of Position 03-3. What this means is that the Provident loan portfolio has been marked to fair value as of the acquisition date by analyzing the net present value of cash flows from these loans. The result is that the fair valuation process eliminates the need to carry over Provident’s loan loss allowance as was done in past acquisitions. Non-accrual loans increased to $1.1 billion or 2.11% of loans at the end of the recent quarter compared with $1 billion or 2.05% at the end of the previous quarter. Through the second quarter we continued our efforts to assist residential mortgage borrowers. As of June 30, 2009 modified loans totaled $259 million of which $107 million were classified as non-accrual. Modifications continue to be primarily attributable to our portfolio of all day mortgages. Other non-performing assets consisting of assets taken in foreclosure of defaulted loans were $90 million as of June 30th compared with $100 million as of March 31st. Net charge offs for the second quarter were $138 million compared with $100 million in the first quarter of 2009. Annualized net charge offs as a percentage of loans was 1.09% compared with 83 basis points in the linked quarter. The provision for credit losses was $147 million for the second quarter compared with $158 million in the linked quarter. The provision exceeded net charge offs by $9 million. Charge offs included $33 million related to the partial sale of a loan taken to non-performing in this year’s first quarter. So, in essence, our reserve build for future losses was larger than the $9 million figure would indicate. The allowance for credit losses at the end of the recent quarter was $855 million which amounted 1.62% of total loans. That ratio was reduced by the addition of the Provident loan portfolio for which no allowance was carried over in accordance with the new accounting for acquisitions. For the foreseeable future, we will also report an allowance for M&T legacy loans. That ratio was 1.76% for the quarter up three basis points from 1.73% as of March 31, 2009. The loan loss allowance as of June 30, 2009 covered the year-to-date annualized net charge offs by 1.8 times. Loans past due 90 days but still accruing were $155 million at the end of the recent quarter compared with $143 million at the end of the sequential quarter. This included $144 million and $127 million respectively of loans that are guaranteed by government agencies. M&T’s tangible common equity ratio was 4.49% at the end of the second quarter compared with 4.86% at the end of the first quarter. The decline is attributable to the impact from the Provident merger. Net operating earnings for the quarter of $0.79 per share which does not adjust for the impact of the OTTI charges and the FDIC special assessment again exceeded our $0.70 per share quarterly dividend. Turning to our outlook; as I mentioned earlier our outlook for the net interest margin hasn’t changed. We continue to expect credit costs to remain elevated throughout the year and we probably still haven’t seen the peak. We also still expect a certain level of variability in charge offs in any single quarter. Overall, net charge offs continue to be in line with our internal expectations. With the difficult credit environment, M&T remains very focused on expenses. There are concerns in some corners that the special FDIC assessment announced this quarter won’t be a onetime thing; let’s see. Over the long term, the effective 56% tangible efficiency ratio for the quarter seems a bit high to me and suggests we have some work to do. Finally, the Provident transaction is progressing well. As is our preferred practice we converted the Provident franchise over to our systems simultaneously with the closing and the former Provident branches reopened with M&T signage. The task before us is to continue to realize the merger synergies that we outlined at the time of the acquisition while retaining and growing the customer base. Through the first half of 2009 we have recognized $69 million of Provident merger related expenses through the income statement. An additional $22 million was recognized either through purchase accounting or by Provident prior to closing. Based on our original $99 million estimate from last December, this leaves $8 million. I would not expect additional merger related charges to materially exceed this level. If you adjusted for the net charge offs that Provident recognized on its loan portfolio and the OTTI charges taken against its securities portfolio prior to the closing of the transaction, the purchase account marks came in largely in line with our projections. All of these projections are of course subject to a number of uncertainties, various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, global events and other macroeconomic factors which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. We’ll now open up the call to questions before which Juliann will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first questions from Steve Alexopoulos – JP Morgan.
Steve Alexopoulos: Could you talk about what you saw on inflows and the credit size and classify for commercial real estate loans during the second quarter?
Rene F. Jones: Let me start Steve by talking about our focus on non-performing and then I will get my way to your question. If you look at the quarter, non-performings went from 2.05 to 2.11 but it was a very active quarter so we had a number of credits that were actually paid out [inaudible] a number of auto dealers. We also saw a number of residential development properties which we resolved because we sold down the notes. Remember, in a couple of cases what you have is through the normal workout process M&T is not going to become a builder of homes so at some point on particularly the raw land type of things, our exit would be to sort of sell the notes. What was encouraging about that is there actually appears to be a lot more appetite not only from financers but also from builders coming back in to the space, particularly in the Mid Atlantic looking to sort of step in to projects. So, through those types of things we had a number of items that went out. If you look at the items that went back in to non-performing and we had for example, a provider of healthcare services which while still paying is having difficulty in the retirement space where they are very dependent on people to sell their existing homes before they can actually buy in to the new retirement communities. We had a continued migration of a number of builder related type projects which is sort of the normal progression from what we’ve been talking about quarter in quarter out on the residential development side. We had also had a various number of other things. The company focused on utilities and natural resources that went in to non-performing. So, a lot of ins and outs and I think on the whole what that tells you is that the migration still continues. But, having said that, that the market for assets [inaudible] has improved and we’re actually seeing some improvements as we’ve worked through the portfolios that we’ve spent time on over the past 18 months. I would say particularly in the commercial real estate space, most of the activity has still been around the residential development portfolio. We do see migration in the investor real estate portfolios but as you can see not a lot has gotten its way through the process to sort of go in to the sort of non-performing classification. That will likely happen down the road but we just haven’t seen it today getting in to those late stages. I think you’ve read a lot about commercial real estate and so I would expect to see at least a migration there in to non-performing but that will be later in the year, early in 2010 is what we’re thinking today.
Steve Alexopoulos: Maybe just one other question, Rene give where tangible common is now post Provident, how should we think about the acquisition appetite? If a deal comes along would you be willing to issue common to do it or are you going to wait first to rebuild it organically?
Rene F. Jones: We don’t, especially now that we’ve sort of gotten through the integration process of the Provident deal, we’re open to things that would improve our franchise value and things that probably stay particularly close to our existing market. You know, you’d have to deal with the financing when you saw the transaction in front of you but there’s nothing that suggests to us that for the right transaction that we wouldn’t be willing to do it and that the capital markets wouldn’t be open to it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew O’Connor – Deutsche Bank.
Matthew O’Connor: Just a follow up on the income producing commercial real estate, I think a lot of people are concerned about it, our CMBS research team is actually very negative on it in generally, especially in New York City. I think you guys have been a lot more conservative then some but if you could just remind us how your commercial real estate is different than maybe what we’re seeing in the CMBS markets?
Rene F. Jones: I’ll take it in a couple of parts, remember the first distinction is the CMBS market versus traditional balance sheet lenders who are underwriting to put the stuff on the balance sheet and knew they would have to contend with the credit risk going down the road. Clearly, you’ve seen - the first thing is sort of the underwriting standards, when you look at the difference in cap rates and then two other assumptions, the difference in the turnover rate of particularly apartments in New York City as well as the assumptions that were used in terms of an increase in the rent rolls, there’s a drastic difference between what we’ve seen in our portfolio with in fact, what we’ve seen from other portfolio type lenders versus what you saw in the CMBS market. That’s not to say that when you see a decline in the real estate market because financing has dried up, that that won’t affect portfolio lenders. What I would guess though is that what it comes back to is your original loan-to-value that the loans were made at is one. Then two, how you structured those loans so in a number of cases for example, as we migrate through the process, it wouldn’t surprise me down the road to see certain properties have to move through the credit process and maybe go in to non-performing. But, as I think about a number of those loans and the way in which they’re structured with a fair amount of equity up front with also supported secondarily by Mezzanine tranche of equity, the loss content on those loans is not what you would expect, they’re much lower so it gets back to leverage. Remember, you can see the leverage on our balance sheet, for the same two commercial real estate properties that were underwritten, one goes in to a security and one goes on to our balance sheet. The leverage is much, much higher on that CMBS security so by definition your back fill to the same sort of thing which is the amount of leverage which you’ve got on the properties and the amount of leverage that you got in to the structure, really dictates the types of losses you’re going to take. So, I think that’s the fundamentals of it. We don’t think that to the extent this is a downturn in commercial real estate that we will escape a downturn, we just think that like every single one of our other portfolios so far through the cycle, that we would fare much better.
Matthew O’Connor: If you had to guess, let’s just say CMBS losses on a cumulative basis would be x percent, everybody has their own estimate, if you had to guess relative to those losses do you think yours would be maybe two thirds of that, one third of that?
Rene F. Jones: I’ll be very honest with you, I don’t know. I wouldn’t have any sense of that. I mean, what we’re focused on right now Matt is sort of getting in front of all the credits and making sure we’re very aware of the portfolio so that to the extent that we see problems that come up on the horizon, we’ll have already worked through the solution with those borrowers. We’re down looking at credit-by-credit and not really thinking too much about a 10,000 foot estimate like that.
Matthew O’Connor: Then just separately, you mentioned that the core efficiency ratio is too high for where you would like it to be. How much of that do you think is on the revenue side? I guess how much is on the expense side? I’ve always thought that you guys have done a very good job managing the expenses so I guess I’m a little surprised that there would be a lot of cost cuts available out there.
Rene F. Jones: In the cycle we’re spending a lot of time on our loan portfolios, we’ve got a lot of credit costs and quite frankly, the revenue is just slow. I can’t point to any particular place but it’s not unusual for us to feel confident that we can run the bank in the low 50s over the long term. I’m not talking about next quarter but, over the long term it’s not a stretch for us to say that we’d have an efficiency ratio in the low 50s, we’ll have to get to the details.
Matthew O’Connor: So it sounds like more on the revenue side than the expense side, just to be clear?
Rene F. Jones: Probably both.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler – Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler: First, on credit quality, I’m just wondering if you can provide us with an update on the modifications? It looks like the cumulative level was up pretty significantly this quarter but I am also wondering how the bucket that went in to non-accruals, that growth looks like it was a little bit slower.
Rene F. Jones: Just on residential mortgage modification?
Craig Siegenthaler: On the all day? It’s mostly all day I believe.
Rene F. Jones: I think there’s been no change in the pace of what we’ve been doing on the modifications, it’s been steady. But, I’m just looking for the actual dollar increase.
Craig Siegenthaler: You have the increase on the non-accrual levels though?
Rene F. Jones: It’s 1.4 on the non-accrual level but on the total the increase was 43.5 in total.
Craig Siegenthaler: Then I’m just wondering, can you remind us how M&T and the regulators decide if a loan actually goes in to TTDR or is modified and back on accrual?
Rene F. Jones: Well, for our residential mortgage portfolio, when something goes delinquent and if we modify that loan it would be recorded as a TDR and it would be recorded as a non-performing loan and we would expect it to have at least six months of positive performance before it moved out of non-accrual.
Craig Siegenthaler: They all go in to non-accrual first?
Rene F. Jones: Well, no. If we modified a loan that was current, it has never missed a payment then it would not be classified in to non-accrual.
Craig Siegenthaler: As long as the assumptions are at the market or the interest rate?
Rene F. Jones: But it’s still a modified loan and it is still reported as a modified loan.
Craig Siegenthaler: Then you’ve previously disclosed the redefault rate and it’s been very low at M&T, like 25% I believe, much lower than the industry and I’m just wondering how that trended in the second quarter?
Rene F. Jones: It was up but it’s still below the 40%. So, we saw it actually uptick a bit.
Craig Siegenthaler: Do you guys have that number?
Rene F. Jones: Our six month redefault rate is 26%, last quarter was 25% so you’re probably in the 30s for the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Ramsey – FBR Capital Markets.
Bob Ramsey: A quick question on net charge offs, I know you all mentioned in the press release some of the growth year-over-year was largely attributable to the partial charge off of one commercial credit, how much was that? And, can you just remind me what that credit was?
Rene F. Jones: The amount was $33 million that we charged off and it was the credit that we described on our first quarter conference call in which it was our largest unsecured credit. I think we disclosed it was about $95 million. We took the charge because we sold down half of our exposure. If you then look at the rest of the book, if you were to adjust for that, the commercial side including middle market, CRE, residential development loans, those were all down several million. If you look at our consumer book, on a link quarter basis consumer charge offs were down $5 million, 15% and if you look to the residential portfolio the core and all day portfolios in that residential number were relatively flat. What we did have was about – our single one close construction, our residential construction portfolio went from about $1 million in charge offs to $12 million in the quarter. Much of that was as a result of sort of getting in front of a number of properties disposing of either the properties or the notes, taking possession of the homes and so forth. So, with that increase in charge offs we’ve now sort of taken that portfolio down to a balance of $156 million. There’s a lot of reduction in exposure that’s sort of going on.
Bob Ramsey: Then, you mentioned repossessing some of those properties, it looks like your REO was actually down in the quarter as well. Could you maybe – you also mentioned I guess appetite for a lot of credits out there, what is sort of the ultimate severity you’re seeing on REO that you are disposing of?
Rene F. Jones: Oh, it hasn’t changed, [inaudible] it’s not really pretty. I don’t know Don, is it what 30%?
Donald J. MacLeod: No, on some of the raw land in the Mid Atlantic it’s over 50.
Rene F. Jones: Oh yeah, we’re realizing 30%, taking a loss of 70%. But, that’s probably the high end.
Donald J. MacLeod: From what Bob tells me the severity on properties where there’s more of a vertical component where there’s actual structures, our loss content has been 30% to 40%.
Rene F. Jones: But just to sort of break down the ORE, we ended last quarter with $100 million and if you don’t include Provident we dropped to $78, most of that is residential properties that are in there. The drop comes from reevaluating a couple of development projects. Then, you add another $12 million that came over from Provident and you get back to the $90.
Bob Ramsey: Then I guess the last question for you, Bayview obviously the losses there were much lower this quarter. Can you just give a little update on what’s going on in that business?
Rene F. Jones: Yes, nothing has changed from what we said, we said that they would probably run with small operating losses for the foreseeable future. The numbers were a little bit better because they had some gains on marking loans and on Canadian exchange. So, my sense is that not much has changed there. I would expect that to run at a small slightly loss in our operating statement as we go forward, not unlike the first quarter. The rest of the business, as we’ve mentioned before is sort of tracking in a relatively positive fashion with our Bayview asset management businesses and with the residuals that they have on the balance sheets.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Clark – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc..
Matthew Clark: Can you clarify the modified loans you had at the end of the quarter of $259? I know $107 of that is on non-accrual, just reconcile that with the renegotiated loans of $171. I guess is that $171 embedded in the non-accrual number or is that separate and distinct from the $259?
Rene F. Jones: The renegotiated loans are $170 and the $142 is in that number. I mean, it’s all there, I’m just not quite sure what you’re getting confused with?
Matthew Clark: The modified loans of $259, $107 of that is in non-accrual but I’m just curious as to whether or not those are also considered renegotiated loans at all or not? Or, if you’re using renegotiated as TDR and modified is not I guess?
Rene F. Jones: It’s not a double count.
Matthew Clark: In terms of the losses that you took on the construction side, I think on the builders side I think you mentioned that they increased to about $12 million this quarter, can you give us a sense where those losses came from, whether or not that was solely Mid Atlantic and whether or not you’re seeing anything else?
Rene F. Jones: Matt that was actually a different portfolio, that’s a one close residential construction loan where an individual is building a home. That portfolio is about $156 million in size so they came from all over. Some from the footprint but a number of things that are left over from the work we had done when we had taken over those Regions offices, they were in Florida, they were in different places. On the residential builder development for the quarter, those losses were down. I think we had $22 million of losses in the first quarter, or actually let me do it on the total, $22 million on the first quarter and $15.5 this quarter. We’ve said before, I think we said in January that we had about $100 million in charge offs in ’08 and I can’t see any reason why it would be any different, I would say the same is true there, we’re sort of just working through that portfolio. It’s not getting worse, it’s just sort of the work we have in front of us and I would guess we’ll see a pretty consistent number there as we move forward.
Matthew Clark: Then just back on the criticized classified list, can you give us a sense, I don’t know if you’d want to size it up at all but at least the magnitude of the change you saw I guess first quarter to second quarter?
Rene F. Jones: I don’t think we saw any change, I mean it’s a very steady migration. I think that if you look at the non-performing you kind of see it there, you see the trend. If we began to see that the classified loan book in those great 10, 11, 12 actually started slowing, we’d probably tell you. We haven’t seen that happen. We spent some time talking to a large sample of our customers in upstate New York, Pennsylvania and then down in Baltimore and Washington and most of those clients are somewhat pessimistic about where the economy is. They’re all working on lowering expenses in their businesses and sort of trying to offset the lower demand. There are some bright spots, the bright spots would be discount retailer would be also in there, the packaged goods space, they seem to feel a bit more optimistic than the others. I think the economy is still in somewhat of a malaise and I would expect the migration to continue as it has. If there’s any good news, what we sort of understand is as the economy turns around a bit and begins to stabilize is a lot of those companies are going to be much, much stronger than they were before they went in to the cycle. So, if there’s a positive story, that’s the positive story.
Matthew Clark: Then lastly, just a small one, the tax rate looked a little light. Can you just tell us what that related to and I guess your expectation to the balance of the year?
Rene F. Jones: Matt, the simplest way is we had a lot of onetime expenses, whether that be merger related expenses, the FDIC charge, the OTTI charge and I think you’ll see some reflection of that and that the tax rate is lower. The tax rate will probably be low as long as you continue to have those onetime level charges. I tend to look at our earnings and have a much more normalized rate of somewhere in the low 30s on an ongoing basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Zerbe – Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe: Now generally I understand what you did to put the Provident loans on your balance sheet by fair valuing them but is there a point in the future, and how soon might this materialize where you might need to take some charges or build reserves on that portfolio?
Rene F. Jones: That’s a great question Ken. So, how it works it we’ve marked the things to fair value and to give you a number, we have a fair value mark but underneath that fair value market which is interest and credit we have about $320 million of credit related marks on that $4 billion of loans. What you’re required to do is as you take those losses against that mark as you go forward, to the extent that you are not going to realize the full amount, you would then accrete the excess of that credit mark in to your earnings over the life of the loan. If you assume that on average these loans, they vary, but they have five years, as you get to two years out you probably have a pretty good sense of how well you did on the mark. To the extent that you came to a conclusion that the $320 million wasn’t enough, you would then be required on a specific loan, for example, to add to your provision. If you think about, and I haven’t done this work normalized but, if you look at where Provident losses were running all the way through say this first six months, that’s a pretty hefty number $320 million. So, if we would know something Ken, I think it would be at least a year and a half out before we would have any sort of sense of whether we were too much on that portfolio or whether it’s a different number.
Ken Zerbe: The other question I had, given the large increase in NIM this quarter, what’s your outlook going forward? And, do you think you can continue to reduce your deposit costs?
Rene F. Jones: I don’t think it as actually – think about the fact that we probably have – you can see the average yield on our time deposit portfolio, maybe it’s 2.30, 2.60, somewhere in that range, 2.39 and that will continue to roll off in to the more normalized rates that we have so that’s the positive side of the margin that gives us a slight upward bias. The rest, deposit rates are already relatively low.
Ken Zerbe: So relative flat going forward.
Rene F. Jones: Things have been very stable with the interest rate environment so as long as that holds I think we’ve got some positive momentum on the way up.
Donald J. MacLeod: The other thing to keep in mind is as the loan portfolio turns itself over and new stuff comes on at today’s higher market spread.
Rene F. Jones: That’s a steady positive.
Ken Zerbe: So just to clarify, loans coming on at a higher spread which is pretty consistent across the industry plus flat deposit costs, how much an increase in NIM should we be expecting?
Rene F. Jones: Just a positive number.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Anod Christion – Four Research & Management]
[Anod Christion: A couple of questions, first on the mortgage banking can you talk a little bit about the pipeline and how we should think about the second half of the year should either trend to more normalized levels or [inaudible]?
Rene F. Jones: Let me give you a couple of numbers first, in terms of I think the most important thing is because you recognize the revenue sort of upfront as the loans are loss I’ll give you the application, in the first quarter our applications were $3.9 billion, in the second quarter they were $2.8 billion so down a fair bit as rates when up. I haven’t yet checked where we are, rates have actually come back down some so I would expect the volume to pick up a bit. If you look at the pipeline, mortgages that sort of fit in our pipeline, last quarter that was $2.3 billion, this quarter it was $1.5 billion. So, clearly slower, the question will be what happens with interest rates.
[Anod Christion: Then a question on your reserves and Provident, one of the metrics that I was looking at was the reserves to non-accruals and that come down from like 85% or so to 77%. I’m not sure you go by one single metric but this is certainly a metric that analysts do look at and so given some of your commentary about credit outlook in the near term will continue to be elevated, how should we think about the current level of reserves? A related question, what’s the average carrying value of your non-accruals?
Rene F. Jones: Let me try to answer, first of all I spend a lot of time thinking about this because we get asked that question quite a bit and the first thing you notice is that we’re kind of in line with the industry so, that ratio is lower than it has been in past cycles. But, when I look at our own book, about one quarter of our non-performing loans are residential real estate so $260 million or something like that. If you look at the portion for example that we mentioned the $107 I think we said that was modified loans, when we modified those loans, the net present value of the payment give up is recorded as a FAS 114 reserve. That number at the beginning of the cycle, we were booking a reduction in value of say 23%. Now, it’s much, much less so maybe on average that’s at $0.15 on the $1. So by definition because it’s the start of a commercial real estate cycle, your overall ratio is very, very weighted down because you’ve taken a lot of specific reserves on residential real estate. I think that’s probably the biggest factor that you’re seeing in the numbers and as you kind of work your way through [inaudible] through the portfolio and get to commercial real estate, I think you’d see sort of a completely different view. That’s the best I can explain for you because our process if very focused and right now we seem to have a lot of specific reserves on credits and a lot of them tend to be residential real estate that drag that ratio down. We tend to look at our coverage ratio so how many times is our current charge offs, sort of looking back last 12 months, how many times does that cover the reserve. We also internally look forward in our forward forecasting and so today, as we said in the press release we were at 1.8 times, I think last quarter the industry average was 1.1 or somewhere around that level so I think we feel that we’re fairly adequately reserved.
[Anod Christion: Then do you have a sense of what’s the average carrying value?
Rene F. Jones: I don’t know how to answer that because there are so many different types.
[Anod Christion: Because some of your competitors make the argument that we charge off the non-accruals aggressively so the ratio, you are in line with the industry averages is what you say but if others are charging off aggressively then we are comparing apples and oranges.
Rene F. Jones: I guess if we were not charging off aggressively then our non-performing loan ratio would be much higher than everyone else because they would just sit around. The other place I would look is for the types of issues we’ve been talking about, think about residential construction or builder construction, the fact that ORE portfolio before Provident is $78 million and most of that is residential kind of tells you a lot about how fast we get at things. If you go back to the auto industry, three years ago we told you there was a problem in auto floor plan and today we don’t have much of a problem because we worked on it and got through that cycle fast. I would say that what gives us comfort is the fact that we tend to get at things quickly so we’re not left with multiple issues at the same time. Think about commercial real estate, people are talking about it as a 2010 issue, we have no interest in not getting through any problems we have quickly.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Nolan – Maxim Group.
Christopher Nolan: Given where the dividend is right now, for the full year 2009 do you anticipate that you’ll be able to have funding cover the overall dividend?
Rene F. Jones: Well Chris, we don’t forecast earnings so I’ll leave that to you. I mean look, I think we said six months ago, our head of corporate finance said that we would complete this transaction, six months would go by and we would be at a 4.4 intangible and we’re at 4.49. So, we’re pretty pleased with how our forecasting process goes both in terms of earnings, the deal, credit. We feel that we have a fairly decent handle on that. When we think about capital and dividend policy we’re going to continue to focus on building that tangible ratio over time. I think quite frankly, when you look at our actions it’s pretty clear.
Christopher Nolan: The second question I had, a follow up to an earlier question from Matt on commercial real estate and your reply in terms of increased equity in terms of your commercial real estate borrowers, are you facing an issue in terms of many of your commercial real estate borrowers having to find additional equity as they seek to refinance the maturing loans?
Rene F. Jones: I don’t know that that is the case. I think the case is simply that there is no place for them to get refinancing as it comes up on the credit side. The deals are structured that they are, it’s kind of hard to change that but really the issues is as we move out, there are some credits for example, if they don’t find refinancing solutions six to nine months out then they could have a problem. Then, you’re left with in the worst case scenario, how is that deal structured.
Donald J. MacLeod: I guess the only thing I would add is people who were financed elsewhere are finding it difficult to come to us to get refinance because they don’t have enough equity in their deals.
Christopher Nolan: Just a last question, what sort of LTVs are you looking at in terms of new commercial deals these days?
Rene F. Jones: Put it this way, if you look at many of our portfolios, New York City, they’re at 60% loan-to-value, so we’re not changing our tone and we’re obviously considering the current market in those evaluations.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jennifer Demba – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Jennifer Demba: My question is about your TruPS portfolio and what are you carrying that at now when you include the Provident deals?
Rene F. Jones: Let me just go back in pieces, I think the partners we have maybe $5 or $6 million left on our books of book value there. Then, on the Provident portfolio, in due diligence we said that we would mark them I think at $0.195 on the $1 and we actually marked them to $0.15. I think that all of the things combined that the bank piece of that is probably around $65 million and then all of the bank, the REIT and the insurance is probably just at or just under $100 on our books because remember the par value was almost $600 million.
Jennifer Demba: Going back to an earlier topic, the onetime close portfolio you said was about $156 million today, what would that have been a quarter ago and say a year ago?
Rene F. Jones: A quarter ago I’m going to guess $196 or high $190s and a year ago maybe as high as $400 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from Collyn Gilbert – Stifel Nicolaus.
Collyn Gilbert: Three quick questions, one did you see a big differential in the individual loan sizes of your inflow and outflows in the NPL bucket?
Rene F. Jones: Not really, not really. There were a lot of credits but I guess they were generally smaller with the exception of one or two so I don’t think there’s a big change there.
Collyn Gilbert: Second thing, can you give a little bit of color as to what you think the run rate on expenses are going to be over the next few quarters?
Rene F. Jones: I think they’ve been pretty well controlled, I don’t see any reason why they wouldn’t stay well controlled. That’s the core and then of course we’re only five weeks in to our owning the Provident franchise so there’s work to be done there so I think that’s a positive. We can probably lower expenses from that.
Collyn Gilbert: You didn’t want to sort of quantify that with a number?
Rene F. Jones: Well, I mean it’s no different than what we said. I guess we said 45% expense saves on that transaction and you know that probably work is done on 29% or something like that. But, you haven’t seen that yet so you’ll get a better sense in the third quarter of what that looks like.
Collyn Gilbert: Then just finally on the M&A side, can you just give a little bit of color as to what specifically you would be interested in? I know in the past you had spoke to the success of the partners trust transaction, kind of the mid market deal over capitalized risks, low risk on the asset side of the balance sheet, good funding side, has that changed at all or given the environment have your M&A criteria changed? What are you thinking from a geographical perspective or business perspective?
Rene F. Jones: Our criteria hasn’t changed and it’s almost identical to what we’re doing in our core organic growth. Wherever we can focus on taking share in our existing communities, that’s what we’re going to do. It really works on the acquisition front because you have a much lower risk transaction so to the extent that there are things in particularly and around our foot print we would have a bias towards those types of things because it is a pretty risky environment out there and we would only do things that make a lot of sense and that have a fair amount of synergies. It’s not any different from what we’re doing on the organic basis with for example our loan portfolio as you saw in those results.
Collyn Gilbert: How about a size preferential, is there a type of transaction that would be just too small that wouldn’t be worth it to you all?
Rene F. Jones: I don’t know, Provident was a wonderful transaction, it was only $6 million in assets but it was our third largest deal ever. So, that’s who we are.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin – Bank of America Securities.
Ken Usdin: Just one question on credit quality and provision so if we’re to understand that NPAs are flat and the outlook is suppose to be pretty reasonable but you’re expecting that some of the CRE stuff might not turn up until the end of this year in to next year, the amount of over provisioning was rather tight, you only over provided by just a little bit this quarter. How do we think about where provision expense goes from here? And, if you’re as confident as you are about the quality of the book from here, have we seen the peak in provisioning expense already?
Rene F. Jones: It’s good to know that I sound confident. I think that there’s nothing super optimistic about the state of the economy it’s just getting a lot worse so I’d give you that as a backdrop. Technically, we sold down a large credit that we had provided for so you would think that if everything was neutral that you would have actually under provided. So really, there’s a fair amount of all of that that was released was reabsorbed by new credits and then we added $9 million on top of that. So, I kind of look at that as we sort of steadily added it’s just that we’ve resolved a number of credits as we have sort of taken new issues on. I don’t think it’s going to change much. I think from time-to-time when we’ve had large credits we’ve had to provide in excess like last quarter, like the fourth quarter of ’07 and we’ll continue to do what we need to do. But, I think what actually helps us is our consumer portfolio has fared very well. I think that has helped us a lot and we have not had some of the outside losses in our consumer portfolio that you’re seeing in the industry so that’s what helps us.
Ken Usdin: Then what are the types of things, when you mentioned the things that might potentially turn either later in the year or in to next, what are the most important factors for us to be watching from you as far as those migration patterns on the CRE side?
Rene F. Jones: Non-performing loans and what we say on the call, we hate surprising people so as we learn things we’ll share them with you. I can’t point to anything specific but just the standard traditional credit metrics that are out there and we’ll try to give you color as we see them, as things change.
Ken Usdin: Actually, one more quick one if I can Rene, a couple of the fee income line items were really strong this quarter, kind of follow ons of [interstate] environment like the mortgage banking line and I’ll assume that’s what drove the really strong tradings revenue line. Should we expect those areas to moderate as we get to a little bit more of a normal environment?
Rene F. Jones: I think that might be true on the mortgage side. I think the trading income is essentially – it’s also tied to our deferred comp plans many of which we inherited so as the market goes up, the Dow, the S&P, you get higher valuations there. Having said that, if you look at where the overall stock market is, our asset sensitive, market sensitive kind of fee is like trust and brokerage and those types of things, they really have remained very, very weak so I haven’t seen an uptick there. I guess the rest of the stuff, the commercial banking fees have done very well and I would expect while it may be lumpy from quarter-to-quarter that there’s still going to be a fair amount of business out there for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Todd Hagerman – Collins Stewart.
Todd Hagerman: Rene, I just had kind of a similar question to Ken’s, just asked a little bit differently, just in terms of credit M&T has done a number of targeted reviews over the past year and then some on some of the more troubled portfolios. As I listen to your credit outlook, was there anything specific that may have been completed this quarter in addition to Provident or anything kind of pending as I think about for example the Mid Atlantic home builder portfolio, the New York City portfolio and so forth?
Rene F. Jones: I believe this quarter we focused on a review of commercial real estate. We said in the past that that’s where we’re heavily focused. We’ve been focusing on our review of commercial real estate but we did do a pretty deep dive in to the auto floor plan business. We did that because we were very focused on what our exposure was to GM and Chevy and those types of things. That actually came out fairing pretty well and we had relatively low exposure to a lot of the impact of sort of reducing the size of those institutions and actually the outcome has been a little bit better. We spent a lot of time focusing on that area and then we obviously have just finished the annual shared national credit exam but nothing to speak of really.
Todd Hagerman: On the shared national credit that was in the numbers I’m assuming, the second quarter? Any preliminary results there?
Rene F. Jones: Anything that we know, anything that we know would be in the numbers to the extent that we’re the lead.
Todd Hagerman: Could you just remind us, as you took a look at that auto related exposure, where is does all in net exposure stand at this time?
Rene F. Jones: I’ll try and get a total exposure number for you in a minute but I would say if you look at just the floor plan piece, that a year ago was probably at $1.6 to $1.7 billion just in the floor plan piece and it’s actually dropped dramatically. The last I looked maybe it was $1.2 or something in that range because the remaining dealers that are left have very, very low inventory so the whole thing a year ago was $2 billion, the total floor plan outstanding balances were $1.1 billion. So the exposure there is way down. A lot of that has to do with just sort of the fact that inventories are low because car sales are down but then also the work we’ve done over time we’ve really reduced our exposure to domestic dealers. I would guess we started at $2 billion of total exposure including real estate and those things and maybe its $1.5 now.
Todd Hagerman: Then maybe if I could, just an update in terms of New York City real estate portfolio, you’ve talked about your comfort level there, very little past due, could you just update us where the past due numbers trended this quarter on New York City.
Rene F. Jones: I don’t think we have any, there’s nothing significant.
Todd Hagerman: Nothing significant?
Rene F. Jones: I don’t believe we have anything in non-performing?
Donald J. MacLeod: There had been the one for $5 million.
Rene F. Jones: A $5 million credit but that’s been there for a long time. Again, I’ll just say that we are not saying that we are immune to losses in those portfolios we’re saying two things, timing and as it comes we’ll be affected like everybody else but we do think we will hold our own as we go through those types of things just as we have in other areas.
Operator: Your next question comes from Amanda Larsen – Raymond James & Associates.
Amanda Larsen: I just wanted to know what were your early stage delinquencies? And, if there were any notable increases or decreases in any particular loan bucket?
Rene F. Jones: As I looked at total delinquencies as a whole, it’s an estimate now as we have to sort of audit some of those numbers but, the total 30 to 89 day ratio went from 1.03 last quarter to the 97 this quarter. We’ll have to check that and it will come out in our [FRY9C].
Amanda Larsen: Then also, what do you think you’d be more likely to do first, an accretive acquisition or pay back the TARP?
Rene F. Jones: Two different things, I don’t know that they really relate to each other.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Ramsey – FBR Capital Markets.
Bob Ramsey: I couldn’t find in the release the amount of preferred dividend expense or the end of period balance with Provident in there, can you just give me those numbers?
Rene F. Jones: The total TARP would be $751.5 billion and the dividend, you can actually get at the dividend because we have a line on page 13 of the release that shows net income and net income available to common shareholders, so the difference there is the dividend. It looks to be about $10.5 to $11 million.
Bob Ramsey: Was there any non-TARP preferred with Provident, or no?
Rene F. Jones: They have $26 million of mandatory convertible that they issued in April of ’08 that’s left. They issued $50 and we had a piece of it that got cancelled out.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I’ll now turn the conference back over to Mr. MacLeod for any closing remarks.
Donald J. MacLeod: Again, I’d like to thank you all for participating today. As always, if a clarification of any items on the call or the news release is necessary, please contact our investor relations department at 716-842-5138.
Operator: Thank you all for participating in today’s M&T Bank second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-21 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the M&T Bank first quarter 2009 conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Donald MacLeod, Vice President of Investor Relations; please go ahead sir.
Donald MacLeod: Good afternoon, this is Donald MacLeod. I’d like to thank everyone for participating in M&T’s first quarter 2009 earnings conference call, both by telephone, and through the web cast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued earlier this morning, you may access it, along with the financial tables and schedules, from our website www.mtb.com, and by clicking on the Investor Relations link. Also before we start, I’d like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings including those found on Forms 8-K, 10-K, and 10-Q for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now I’d like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, Rene Jones.
Rene Jones: Thank you Donald and welcome everyone. I’d like to thank all of you for joining us today on the call. I know its been a busy day for everybody but for M&T at least, its difficult for us to break from the tradition of having our earnings release on the day of our Annual Shareholders Meeting. So I thank you for your patience. There are a few items from this morning’s press release that I’d like to discuss before I respond to questions. Diluted earnings per share were $0.49 in the first quarter of 2009 compared with $0.92 earned in the fourth quarter of 2008. Net income in the recent quarter was $64 million compared to $102 million in the linked-quarter. The amortization of core deposits and other intangible assets amounted to $0.09 per share in the first quarter of 2009, compared with $0.08 per share in the linked quarter. There were after-tax merger related costs of $1 million or $0.01 per share in the recent quarter. There were no merger-related costs in the linked quarter. Net operating earnings per share which exclude the amortization of core deposits and other intangible assets, as well as merger-related charges were $0.59 for the recent quarter compared with $1.00 in the linked quarter. Net operating income for the quarter was $75 million compared to $112 million in the linked quarter. The recent quarter’s results included $20 million or $0.18 per share of after-tax other then temporary impairment charges on non agency mortgage securities. This reflects our determination that the bonds are unlikely to pay their full contractual level of interest and principal over the remaining life. Because of previous unrealized losses taken on the bonds through other comprehensive income, the charge taken through the income statement this quarter had no impact on tangible common equity. I’d like to cover a few highlights from the balance sheet and the income statement, taxable-equivalent on net interest income was $453 million for the first quarter compared with $491 million in the linked quarter and the $485 million in the first quarter of 2008. Net interest margin was 3.19% compared with 3.37% we reported in the fourth quarter of 2008. As we noted on the January conference call this came as a result of a very sharp reduction in short-term interest rates in December. In addition to the 75 basis point reduction in the Fed Funds target, there was almost 150 basis point reduction in the one-month LIBOR to Fed Funds spread. These two factors combined to put sharp but short-term pressure on the margins early in the quarter. The margin widened again in February and March as our interest bearing liabilities began to reprice in conformity with the lower prevailing market interest rates. So for example, net interest income earned in March was $12 million higher then earned in January even though both months had 31 days. Average loans for the first quarter were $48.8 billion, flat compared with the linked quarter. Average commercial and industrial loans excluding automobile floorplan loans declined an annualized 4%. Auto floorplan loans declined an annualized 19% compared to the linked quarter reflecting the slow auto sales environment to which dealers have responded by reducing inventories. Commercial real estate loans grew an annualized 3% and consumer loans declined an annualized 2%. Residential real estate loans grew an annualized 11% reflecting an increase in the level of mortgage originations primarily driven by refinancing activity. As we discussed through most of last year, we remain focused on relationship lending within our community bank footprint and have limited appetite for transactional type business such as indirect consumer and pretty much anything else outside of our core market. In essence we want to be there for our core customers when they need us. We are now seeing the result of this community bank focus in comparison to last year’s first quarter and we believe it is an indication that we’re growing share within our branch footprint. For example, average commercial industrial loans, again excluding automobile floorplan loans, are up 8% compared to last year’s first quarter. Commercial real estate loans are up 4% year over year and home equity lines of credit are up 10%. On the other hand categories that are either transactional or which reflect the deliberate exit from certain lending activities beyond our footprint are declining. Some examples are indirect auto loans that are down 13% from last year’s fourth quarter, automobile floorplan loans that declined 15% for the same period, and our portfolio of Alt-A mortgages is down 18% from last year’s first quarter and down 23% from the first quarter of 2007 when we made the decision to hold and work out the entire Alt-A portfolio. Average investments for the first quarter of 2009 were down 5% compared to last year’s first quarter. On the deposit side we experienced our sixth consecutive quarter of core deposit growth. We believe that customers continue to see M&T as somewhat of a safe harbor [from] the volatility in the marketplace. The numbers are impressive. Average core deposits which excluded wholesale and foreign deposits were $34.7 billion for the first quarter, up an annualized 20% from the linked quarter and up 13% from a year ago. We experienced balance annualized linked quarter deposit growth across all of our entire geographic footprint including 17% in Upstate New York, 17% growth in the New York City Metro area, 13% in Pennsylvania, and 19% in the Mid Atlantic. Noninterest bearing checking accounts were up an annualized 28% compared with the linked quarter and up 15% compared with last year’s first quarter. Turning to noninterest income, excluding securities gains and losses, noninterest income was $264 million for the recent quarter. This compares with $265 million in the linked quarter and $279 million in the first quarter of 2008. Mortgage banking fees were a record $56 million for the quarter compared with $40 million in both the linked quarter and the first quarter of 2008 as the current low rate environment drove refinancing activities. Higher gain on sale volumes and margins boosted the fees for the quarter. Service charges on deposit accounts were $101 million during the recent quarter reflecting the seasonal decline from $106 million in the linked quarter. Service charges decreased by $2 million from last year’s first quarter. In addition to the expected seasonal impact there also appears to be some impact from the general slowdown in consumer spending. Turning to expenses, operating expenses which exclude the merger-related charges and amortization of intangible assets were $421 million compared with $404 million in the first quarter of 2008 and $431 million in the fourth quarter of 2008. Recall that last year’s first quarter result include a $15 million partial reversal of Visa related litigation accrual. The quarter’s results also reflect our usual seasonally high salaries and benefits expense which excludes the accelerated recognition of equity compensation expense for certain retirement eligible employees as well as higher FICA expense, unemployment insurance expense, and expenses related to our 401-K match. In aggregate these expenses were some $24 million higher then in the linked quarter. This is consistent with our experience in each of the past three years. The first quarter results include a $5 million partial reversal of the valuation allowance for capitalized residential mortgage servicing rights, compared with a $19 million addition in the fourth quarter of 2008 and a $5 million addition to the valuation allowance for the first quarter of 2008. Excluding the Visa related reversal in last year’s first quarter and the $10 million year over year change from the MSR valuation allowance operating expenses increased on $12 million or 2.9% from last year’s first quarter. Next let’s turn to credit, nonaccrual loans increased to $1 billion or 2.05% of loans at the end of the recent quarter compared with $755 million or 1.54% at the end of the previous quarter. The increase included $62 million of loans to builders and developers of residential real estate and $41 million of residential mortgage loans. Also contributing to the increase was the transfer to nonaccrual status of our largest unsecured commercial loans amounting to $95 million. Through the first quarter and continued efforts to assist borrowers M&T modified an additional $60 million of residential real estate loans. This brings our modified loan total to $216 million. The modifications continue to be primarily attributable to our portfolio of Alt-A mortgages and of that total $106 million were in included in nonaccrual loans as of March 31, 2009. After a period of demonstrated performance they may return to accrual status. The remaining $110 million of modified loans were classified as renegotiated loans and were accruing interest as of March 31. M&T six-month re-default rate is currently 25%, considerably better then the 40% published by the OCC on April 3rd. Our nonperforming assets consisting of assets taken in foreclosure of defaulted loans were $100 million, unchanged from the linked quarter. Net charge-offs for the quarter were $100 million, improved from $144 million in the fourth quarter of 2008. This is an annualized charge-off rate of 83 basis points of total loans compared with 117 basis points in the linked quarter. Residential construction and development loans accounted for $22 million of the charge-offs for the quarter, down from $25 million in the linked quarter. Consumer loans accounted for $36 million of net charge-offs in the recent quarter, unchanged from the linked quarter. Alt-A loans both first and second liens accounted for $16 million of net charge-offs, compared to $12 million in the linked quarter. Net charge-offs for the total residential mortgage portfolio were $19 million, also unchanged from the fourth quarter. Net charge-offs for the commercial and industrial portfolio were $23 million compared with $61 million in the linked quarter. The provision for credit losses was $158 million and exceed charge-offs by $58 million. This compares with $151 million in the linked quarter and $60 million in the year earlier quarter. The provision in excess of charge-offs included a large specific reserve for the unsecured commercial loan that I mentioned earlier. The allowance for credit losses at the end of the quarter was $846 million, and increased to 1.73% of total loans at the end of March 31, 2009, up 12 basis points from the linked quarter and up 16 basis points from last year’s first quarter. The allowance as of March 31, 2009 covered the first quarter annualized net charge-offs by more than 2x. We would expect this measure to continue to compare favorably to the average of our peer group of large regional banks. Loans past due 90 days but still accruing were $143 million at the end of this recent quarter compared with $159 million at the end of the sequential quarter. This includes $127 million and $114 million respectively of loans that are guaranteed by government related entities. M&T’s tangible common ratio was 4.86% at the end of the first quarter, improved from 4.59% at the end of last year. Our preliminary estimates for Tier 1 capital ratio as of March 31, 2009 was approximately 8.76%. Excluding the other then temporary impairment charges, which were already reflected in our tangible capital ratio as of year end 2008, net operating earnings again exceeded our quarterly dividend. Consistent with our comments on January’s conference call, actually I’m now turning to our outlook, consistent with our comments on the January conference call we would expect a rebound in the net interest margin over the remainder of 2009 and a full year margin not materially different then that which we had for the full year of 2008. We continue to expect credit costs to remain elevated throughout the year and to expect a certain level of variability in charge-offs in any single quarter. Put another way it would be incorrect to annualize any single quarter’s charge-offs for use as a projection for future loss experience. With the difficult credit environment M&T remains very focused on expenses. This is particularly important as we’re having to absorb an increase in FDIC assessments for 2009 of over $40 million. Finally, the Provident transaction is progressing well. The merger has received the approval of the Provident shareholders and we’re awaiting for the remaining of regulatory approvals. As we get closer to completing the transaction and integrating the two banks, in typical M&T fashion we are finding that we may well exceed the initial assumptions that were made following our due diligence review. As a result, we now expect to realize modest earnings accretion in 2009 as opposed to our earlier belief that the deal would not be accreted until 2010. All of these projections are of course subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events, and other macroeconomic factors which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. We’ll now open up the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Steven Alexopoulos – JPMorgan
Steven Alexopoulos: The $95 million commercial loans, is that a shared national credit?
Rene Jones: Yes it is.
Steven Alexopoulos: And I take it you’re not the lead bank.
Rene Jones: No.
Steven Alexopoulos: Do you have the total size of that loan?
Rene Jones: Yes, that’s it. What we have is a large commercial loan, $95 million that we transferred to nonaccrual status and its an unsecured loan that we’ve had, the relationship comes from our acquired [inaudible] portfolio and prior to that the company [Alfers] client did business with this company for, since 1968 I believe. And then the company was acquired and we stayed into the merged entity in the shared national credit. So it’s a company that has some, that is real estate based, but its not sort of in our real estate portfolio in the classic real estate sense of M&T.
Steven Alexopoulos: Total size of the credit is much larger then the $95 million.
Rene Jones: No.
Steven Alexopoulos: --portion of that.
Rene Jones: I’m sorry, I don’t know that number.
Steven Alexopoulos: And what was the specific reserve on the credit today?
Rene Jones: We reserved a healthy amount, let me say that.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. Looking at the other revenue line, which was down to $59 million, was off quite a bit from where its been. Anything going on there or is that a new run rate for that line item.
Rene Jones: I know that answer but give me a second.
Donald MacLeod: It largely has to do with just the state of commercial activity. Included in there are loan fees, syndication fees, letter of credit fees, all of which are running at a reduced level in this environment.
Rene Jones: I think what you’re seeing is with the slowdown in the economy, some people are being very cautious. The investment has slowed down that’s why you see a little bit slower loan growth from us, but having said that, when I talk with the commercial folks, they tend to be relatively optimistic about that not being a permanent thing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe – Morgan Stanley
Ken Zerbe: First question, I wanted to make sure my math is correct, if I heard you correctly full year NIM should be roughly equal to 2008 levels, so 338, so I guess given the 319 this quarter that would imply 345 for the next three quarters, is that, which is higher then obviously any of the quarters back in 2008, is that something you can achieve just through deposit repricing or are you relying on increases in Fed Funds or some other factors.
Rene Jones: I think when you get done with the earning season you’re going to see that the magnitude of our drop in margin is probably not different from anybody else in terms of basis points but let me explain to you what’s going on. At least at M&T, remember at the end of the year we had taken our Fed Funds position down to less then a billion dollars and our overall overnight position down pretty substantially to improve our liquidity profile when there was a lot of turbulence. So we termed out a lot of money and quite frankly money that was for term money was fairly cheap but that sort of changed our profile and we talked about that in January. So what has to happen now is that with the sharp decline in interest rates its going to take a little bit longer to reprice but its more timing then anything else. Now the other thing to think about is that the sort, I can’t describe it any way, I mean we had $1.7 billion of core customer deposit growth this quarter on the heels of $1.6 billion last quarter. In effect from a financial standpoint you’re not seeing the impact of that in our earnings until some of the term debt rolls off, right? And then you’ll actually see the benefit of all that. So its bit of a timing issue. I can’t expect us to jump to the number you mentioned in one quarter but I would expect that we get a nice rebound from where we are here and then a steady build over the course of the year.
Ken Zerbe: And then just on [Bayview] it looks like your equity loss was just over $4 million this quarter, I guess you’re going on what, a year and a half or so of consistent losses. At what point would you might need to consider a write-down of Bayview.
Rene Jones: Well a couple of things let’s revisit. This is kind of what we said would happen right. We said that they had to sort of get through the right sizing of that original origination business that we invested in. So that’s actually coming along fairly nicely and has dropped, I don’t know for the last three or four quarters in a row, that’s what we’ve seen in terms of the loss they are posting. What you’ve got now is our valuation is heavily reliant on the other two businesses I’ll call them, that they have when we restructured that contract back mid last year. And so just recall that the company has something in the neighborhood of $1.5 billion of residuals which go first to support some loans that probably have another year in duration and then second, those cash flows as they pay off, 20% goes to M&T and the 80% goes to the 80% partner. The second thing they’ve got is their Bayview asset management which is a fund which essentially brings them back to their core competency which the environment is ripe for, which is buying discounted scratch and dent loans in this environment. So everything we’ve seen there in that business has been running as expected and we think that there’s a fairly favorable outlook from the perspective that we fit in. So right now we don’t see any issue today with Bayview.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Clark - KBW
Matthew Clark: Can you give us a 30 to 89 day past due bucket.
Rene Jones: Thirty to 90 day past due bucket for consumer loans?
Matthew Clark: For the, I won’t ask you for the entire breakdown, just the overall bucket. I think it was $487 million last quarter.
Rene Jones: Give us a second. We’ll get you that answer in a minute. I think what we’re seeing though is, if you look at it, there’s not a big change in the consumer book. I would say the delinquency has probably ticked up a bit but for us from the lows that they’re at, they’re performing pretty well but you can clearly see the weakness but you also see that our portfolio which is performing probably better then the industry average, that’s not changed, right? So I would expect that you’ll see that on the consumer side, maybe we’ll be up linked quarter, maybe six basis points or something like that on 30 plus delinquencies but nothing more then that. If you come up with a number, I’ll mention it again later on the call.
Matthew Clark: Can you talk a bit about the transition portfolio that I think we discussed up in Buffalo, obviously you’ve had some follow-up questions on that, I would like to discuss it here, so I think at the time it was talked about as being about a $2 billion portfolio. Can you just better address that book in terms of size and type and even geography and then what kind of issues might you be witnessing from a slowdown in the pace of condo conversions.
Rene Jones: I don’t have the New York City breakout in front of me, but let me just give you some sense. When you talk about a transition portfolio, it’s a bit of a label to sort of, what I would characterize as the first step as we review the portfolio. It doesn’t really indicate a problem but for the group, in the industry apparently they use the term transitional in real estate to mean something like that you’re relying on a turnover of the rents and a change or renovation in the nature of the building over time. So while we have credits in our portfolio that fit that description, what’s probably most important is when you sort of compare our portfolio and the decisions we made to the underwriting standards that were out there in the conduit market, which you see now in [CMBX], they’re vastly different. So for example whenever we’re looking at projecting future rents we had a cap on 3% per year growth in rents. We never went higher. When we looked at turnover rates for portfolios we actually never allowed a turnover rate in the apartment greater then 3%. And so that was our standard all through the 90’s. We never changed that standard when we got into sort of the frothy market. And then finally I think what you see is that while people will characterize each of their portfolios as transition, what really matters is what were you doing with the cap rate. And clearly again we didn’t change our cap rate as dramatically as everybody so we probably had a two to three point advantage there. That’s the description of transitional. When we look at the portfolio we’ve kind of broken down the portfolio between office, I’ll give you some numbers, in the portfolio that we have for example in New York City, its $5.9 billion. There’s 36% is retail, 22% is multifamily, 17% is office, 11% is hotel, I’m kind of looking for our construction portfolio. I know its relatively small, maybe total construction portfolio or condo portfolio was $400 million in total. So that gives you a profile but as you get into that, we’re reviewing those portfolios and when we review the portfolios we kind of get that narrowed down into specific credits that we’re looking at. What you basically see for M&T is not different from what you hear about from other long-term investors or balance sheet lenders, that much of the portfolio that we have in commercial real estate particularly in New York City, is not a portfolio that reprices in 2009 and in fact, we have very little that reprices in 2010 but more of our repricing risk if you will, comes out in 2010, 2011, and 2012. Whereas if you were to look at the CMBX and particularly variable rate CMBX, there’s a fair amount of that that comes due in 2009 and 2010. So the big risk that we see out there in commercial real estate is a refinancing risk and we’re fortunate enough that while we are watching a number of credits, most of those credits that we have under our watch are trying to figure out solutions for our clients when they reprice sometime between 2010 and 2012. So what it does is it allows us to be relatively proactive. We assume that the [inaudible] market today doesn’t really change and we’ve been trying to work on credits to work out solutions there. To give you some view of that, today in New York City, and knock on wood because numbers can’t get better then this, but out of that $5.9 billion portfolio, we only have $5 million of delinquent loans. So I think a lot of the commercial real estate story depends on the refinancing issues that come out and some of the programs that come into place. But for us its not necessarily a 2009 issue, actually its much further out and I think that gives us time to sort of work through the credit. Having said that, not changing our underwriting standards through this sort of frothy periods, I think is going to make our portfolio stand out better then average. None of us can predict what’s going to happen to New York City, but I just think, I just feel that we’ll perform a little bit better.
Matthew Clark: On the pending Provident deal, is there anything that relates to the change in the TARP related agreement that would make it more difficult to close this deal or is that not an issue.
Rene Jones: We have not heard anything like that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Collyn Gilbert - Stifel Nicolaus
Collyn Gilbert: Just first a follow-up question, when you’re talking about you’re seeing the repricing risk of the CRE portfolio in New York City, 2010, 2011, 2012, were those originated at 10 year terms or where was, at what point were the origination buckets of some of those credits.
Rene Jones: I don’t have specific numbers for you but I think that’s the essence of the issue which is that specifically what we’ve, I think typically what we book is 10 year notes with a five year reprice. So there’s a logic behind what I’m saying is that as things got very heated up in 2005 and 2006 and 2007, because we tend to focus so much on profitability we couldn’t make the numbers work so we stopped booking the loans. So that means that a lot of our vintages are of these loans, are probably earlier then 2005 but more important the relationships are early 90’s. So the individuals that we’re banking are people who have been with us for the last 18 years and they’re the people that survived the last real estate crisis so we have a fairly astute group and they are the people that we’re doing a lot of their projects prior to the frothiness of the high prices in real estate.
Collyn Gilbert: One thing that was surprising to me was the yield that you are posting on your commercial portfolio, but are you not putting floors in some of the pricing on some of your commercial relationships.
Rene Jones: We tend to price to LIBOR and its pretty simple and its very consistent so you can’t change your terms with your customers if you’re going to be a relationship lender. And LIBOR is very low. I would say that you’re simply seeing the fact that spreads actually are very much, much wider. I would say spreads to LIBOR are probably well in excess of 3% where in the past they were south of 2% but what you’re seeing there is just the simple fact that LIBOR, LIBOR [priced up] at one month LIBOR as well. So what’s one month LIBOR, probably 50 basis points, somewhere in that range.
Collyn Gilbert: Do you, what did the loss severities look like for the quarter and then have you been tracking that to see how that maybe compares to the fourth quarter or even the first quarter of last year.
Rene Jones: When you say loss severities, which asset type are you talking about.
Collyn Gilbert: Well, to provide a range of your different, within the loan book, if you want to provide a range and then the different segments of the loan book would be helpful.
Rene Jones: First let me just give you a bit of an overview, I think we continue to see the performance of the Alt-A book is kind of the same over last year delinquencies have been trending slowly down. And you can’t declare a victory there but what you do know is that those losses are relatively stable. And I would say, and I’m doing this off the top of my head because I don’t have the sheet in front of me, but I would say that on those portfolios we’ve seen severities of anywhere from 35% to 40% depending on the state in which the properties are located. But that’s sort of been the case for some time. I’d say they’re slightly higher now then they were before. But the good news is that we got through $400 million of that $1.3 billion book before that happened. So this is why we were moving so fast. We changed our policies. We just felt that we didn’t want to take the risk that the severities would get greater. So they’re in that range. I don’t expect to see much change in that portfolio in our residential mortgage charge-offs going forward. In the builder/construction portfolio the best I can give you is $100 million of losses last year, I can’t see any reason why it would be any different this year. If you look at that book, I think almost $80 million of it came from the build, from the Mid Atlantic portfolio. In this quarter we had about $22 million of charge-offs in builder, all but $2 million of it came from that same portfolio. So we’ve talked about that before. We’re not seeing a big change at this point in appraisal values. There’s actually some activity but nothing really to speak of in terms of people being able to sell homes. And so it hasn’t changed. Raw land is probably still $0.40 on the dollar and anything with homes on it is probably looking like $0.70 to $0.60 on the dollar.
Collyn Gilbert: So if we were to look at the kind of the loss trends going forward, do you think then its going to be more a frequency issue then necessarily a severity issue in your overall loan book.
Rene Jones: I think in the things you’ve been seeing now, I think what we’ve been talking about is a frequency issue and timing of each individual project. Remember we talked about the builder being lumpy. And so I think that will continue to happen. Then as you look at C&I, the C&I losses but for the fourth quarter has actually been relatively light I think and as we look into that portfolio we kind of see a continued migration. First and foremost anything related to housing in any way, shape, or form is been weak and has been weakening. So I would expect if you don’t take any one quarter the trend in C&I to continue to go up. And on the real estate side as I said, I think a lot of people are worried about 2009 and maybe early 2010, while I think that you can’t say that you won’t have a few charge-offs here and there, you never know what’s going to happen. We think more of that issue, and if the environment does not change from the sort of mess we’re in today, we think then that starts to rear its head out in 2010 and so forth. But again, its hard to predict that far out.
Collyn Gilbert: What’s the size of your overall [SNIC] portfolio.
Rene Jones: I want to say 7%.
Donald MacLeod: Its about 7% of outstandings.
Collyn Gilbert: And do you have a delinquency rate on it?
Donald MacLeod: That I do not. A large portion of that is where we’re the lead.
Collyn Gilbert: You had mentioned that Provident is sort of exceeding your initial targets and you’re expecting now earnings accretion in 2009, what’s driving that. Is there any one particular item or business that’s driving that.
Rene Jones: No, as you go into these things there’s a fair amount of uncertainty and you do due diligence and you try to do, in this case we did I think a fairly extensive due diligence, but as you begin to work with the actual people and you so to speak get under the hood as you’re starting to convert the bank you begin to see a little bit more of the opportunity and you also begin to sort of get comfort with your estimates. So you’re [vending] the loan portfolio, you’ve look at that. The biggest issue is my head of corporate finance is a very conservative guy and I think that the synergies are greater then we had expected.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Abbott – FBR Capital
James Abbott: Quick question to follow-up on some of the construction questions is trying to understand a little bit about the process for which you reappraise these loans, how much of that, I think its about a $4.7 billion portfolio or so.
Rene Jones: Yes, I think now its down to about, we don’t think about it that way but—
James Abbott: I was just going to ask, how much of that has been reappraised within the last six months or some sort of frequency there.
Rene Jones: We have $1.8 billion of residential builder construction and obviously we’ve been at that for quite a bit and so we’re very frequently getting appraisals and then in particularly on the Mid Atlantic portfolio those appraisals in many cases are updated several times a year. So I think we feel like we’re very much on top of that. As we look at the other construction book I think about a billion of that is in the Mid Atlantic and its in our traditional commercial real estate space. And in that portfolio, I’m sure we’re doing appraisals in the typical fashion, we would probably get at least each year but as we begin to look at commercial real estate we’re doing more and more around that front. But I would say relative to an average bank we’re at least as frequent if not more frequent especially in this environment.
James Abbott: A question related to interest reserves on that, is if sales continue at the pace and maybe we’ll use the $1.8 billion figure, if sales continue at the same pace for the next six to 12 months, how much of those loans will hit and become nonaccrual, in other words, they’ll exhaust the interest reserves and not be the capacity to continue to pay will diminish.
Rene Jones: I think the way to answer that is each loan is on a case by case basis. So as I’ve looked at the classified loan book and things that might move into the classified loan book, in some cases its because the interest reserve is running down and there’s an issue. But in other cases there are interest reserves but we’re really focused on the wherewithal of the underlying operator. And just because you have interest reserves doesn’t necessarily mean that the project or the loan is not impaired. I’m trying to think if there is anything else I can give you. We do have a chart but I don’t seem to see it in front of me that gives you some sense of the portfolio. I think the best way to say it is that overall we think, we really look at that book and we say we think charge-offs will be consistent with 2008, not materially different.
James Abbott: There has been an acceleration in the delinquent loans or the nonaccrual, actually we don’t have delinquent loans I think on that but we have nonaccrual loans on that from the text in the press release and so there was an acceleration there in each of the last couple of quarters, so even despite that you’re comfortable without, with still the charge-offs number being the same.
Rene Jones: Well yes, you know what, I think in the number we mentioned in the press release, there are two loans in particular, both are in the Mid Atlantic portfolio that we’ve been talking about for a very long time. So that portfolio is now down to about $447 million in balances and so the fact that more has migrated to nonperforming there is not a surprise to us. They are credits we’ve been watching for some time.
James Abbott: Just to clarify a question on the appraisals, those are actual field appraisals as opposed to just kind of a desk review of the property and an estimated value.
Rene Jones: Absolutely, field appraisals, yes.
James Abbott: Just shifting to the dealer floorplan loans, where are you seeing stress there versus which dealerships are not showing stress and what additional color can you give us on the dealer floorplan.
Rene Jones: When we talked about this, actually not several years ago, we talked about our focus being on domestic dealers with a monoline operation. They didn’t have multiple brand and we did a fair amount of work to clean, to prepare that portfolio for the environment we have now. A number of those dealers are no longer with us. So as we look at it, its not really different. We’ve seen anybody who doesn’t have the cash flows because they are single line monoline domestic dealer, is having difficulty. If you look at our book there, and this is not done by dealer, this is done by the inventories, one’s about 30% is domestic in our portfolio and the rest is foreign. So I think we’re in a position now where we’re going to continue to see some losses. I think we had $9 million of charge-offs in the first quarter, this quarter the losses were, sorry we had $9 million this quarter, we had $11 million last quarter. I think we’ll see more and I think though that I don’t expect that to be a place where I’m overly concerned but I do think that we’ll see a loss here or two. We’ve seen a couple of credits migrate into what we call [out of trust] situation. I think we had four of those during the quarter, one of which actually corrected itself. So dealers are having a difficult time.
James Abbott: So do you expect the charge-off trend there to move up modestly, maybe $2, $3 million a quarter or how would you look for trends there.
Rene Jones: You kind of just said it. I think, given the weakness we’re seeing in auto sales, to see a quarter like we just saw is not going to be a surprise is the best way to do it. We could somewhere, less and maybe a little more.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin – Banc of America
Ken Usdin: Just quick questions about capital, I think you made the point in your comments about if you back out the securities gains and amortization that you did out earn the dividend, I just wanted to ask you to update us to your thought process and the Board’s thoughts on keeping the dividend where it is relative to your earnings expectations and also if you could elaborate on your current thoughts about TARP and potential payback and what your process might need to be in order to get that done.
Rene Jones: I can’t, the Board gives us their opinion once a quarter and we’ll sit with them next month, but I can give you my thoughts. First I guess, first thing to understand is really simple technical thing. One is that your tangible, your regulatory capital ratio and your tangible ratio are unaffected by goodwill, so goodwill is not in it. So its not GAAP earnings that matter, its operating earnings that matter. And remember M&T has a difference between GAAP and operating because all those years we were doing purchase accounting and we probably have a little bit higher intangible amortization then most. So if you look at our operating earnings and you, for example if you look at consensus estimates, and you put them on an operating basis. Take out the $50 some odd million dollars of one-time expenses and take out the goodwill amort, you see that we comfortably cover the dividend even with the Street’s own estimate. So I think that’s important. I also think that when I look at this quarter, this is a good anecdotal but remember this a quarter where the days are fewer, the lowest number of days in this quarter. We tend to see seasonally lower fees. We know we have seasonally higher expenses from the salaries space. And we saw the margin compression which we feel that we’re comfortably on. As I sit there, back in January my number would have been within a basis point of what actually happened. So as we look at where we’re going, from the simple issue of covering the dividend, we just sort of feel comfortable today based on what we see out there. So we don’t have any change, nothing we’ve seen in this quarter changes our outlook. Having said that in this environment you just take it one quarter at a time and you kind of sit down and look at the facts when you get ready to make that decision every quarter. I don’t know if there’s any more I can give you.
Ken Usdin: No that’s a good assessment. Essentially you’re saying that you had a lot of one-time issues this quarter and, not one-time issues, but amalgamation of things that make you feel a little bit, even better about some of the alleviation of some of those items as we move forward, at least as far as your eye can see.
Rene Jones: Yes, and a big one for me is you can’t double count so when I gave my guidance on where I thought we would be when we announced the deal, our tangible, I obviously considered that we’re going to have one-time expenses and marks. You can’t then draw that in your number and take it again. We look at operating, and your dividend policy is a long-term policy. It’s the reason our dividend payout was low. It was appropriate in hindsight given what we’ve now seen. And as we think about it, we’ll be very, very conservative but very thoughtful in thinking about that payment.
Ken Usdin: That said, is there any way you can give us an update of where you expect TCE to be post Provident versus the first quarter, so that we don’t double count.
Rene Jones: No, but I don’t have any change to what I initially said back in December. I don’t have any, maybe I’m off here or there five or 10 basis points or whatever, but back in December I think we said [4 4] we would be around right, and there’s nothing in there that changes our opinion of that.
Ken Usdin: Right, so your perspective was that 4 4 was inclusive of earnings, balance sheet changes, etc. all things getting to the point of closing.
Rene Jones: Yes.
Ken Usdin: Could you just elaborate on the TARP, how you’re feeling about it, what you may need to do as far as your decision [tree] in paying it back and how you’ll evaluate that going forward.
Rene Jones: How I feel about the TARP, I’ll tell you, I’m very happy that we decided to take the TARP. I’m very happy that we only took 1%. In terms of paying it back, there’s a lot of talk out there about people paying back the TARP. We tend not to be a first mover, again we’ll be very thoughtful about it. I think we along with everybody would like to be able to do that, but you can see that there’s a fair amount of uncertainty about people’s, I don’t want to use the wrong word, whether that will be allowed to happen as we move forward. You saw at least today in the print that there was some statement made that the requirement for paying back the TARP is not to just be a healthy bank. There would be additional requirements and I think that as we get more clarity, we’re strong enough to do it but I think we’ll be patient and think that through. We’ll let you know when we decide. But other then that, we haven’t made any commitments.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Matthew Clark - KBW
Matthew Clark: I think I’m all set unless you have that 30 to 89 day bucket.
Rene Jones: We don’t, I apologize, we’ll have to publish that somewhere but I don’t have that with me. Again I would say that I would expect maybe its up six basis points.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Paul – Private Investor
Gary Paul: I have two questions related to TARP and a couple related to [Allied Irish] and I promise not to ask you are you negotiating to buyback the stake.
Rene Jones: The only question is with those two questions, how many parts are there?
Gary Paul: Only about two each, the first on the TARP, the day after JPMorgan cut their dividend and announced they weren’t required to having previously said they weren’t going to cut, CNBC reported that all banks that received TARP money had gotten a letter saying they couldn’t declare a dividend without permission of the Fed and with a tone that almost everybody would have to cut and indeed the big banks I follow, the unhealthy ones have all cut to about $0.01 a quarter and the healthy ones to $0.05 a quarter, is the declaring of your next dividend within M&T’s control so to speak.
Rene Jones: I believe so.
Gary Paul: You did not get such a letter and have not had Fed pressure.
Rene Jones: No, I’m not aware of that story at all.
Gary Paul: And you’re not one of the 19 banks undergoing the stress test, correct?
Rene Jones: That is correct. And remember given our size that we, our regulator is on site. So we would know.
Gary Paul: Fine, that’s encouraging, I’m shocked but I’m encouraged. On Allied Irish, I believe you had indicated that if they failed to meet well capitalized you had an option to require them to sell back, is that accurate?
Rene Jones: You know, I don’t know that that is true or not. I don’t think that’s really the point. I think right now things are going well with Allied Irish and we have an outstanding relationship with them. We haven’t heard anything from them about the announcement or their intention to do anything.
Gary Paul: Okay so you don’t know if they failed to reach well capitalized given how banks tend to be able to account, [inaudible] even when they’re failing.
Rene Jones: That I do know. I do know that [NIB] is well capitalized.
Gary Paul: Okay that is where I wanted to get to. The second question is today’s Wall Street Journal says that they have to sell $1.5 billion in assets and identified one other investment and you and the most likely will forget what reporters say they said the current value of the Allied Irish stock is about $6 billion, I won’t ask you to confirm that, my mere question is if Allied Irish wanted to sell and you have said that you have right of first refusal, do you believe you could raise the capital to buy.
Rene Jones: First, I wouldn’t speculate on that kind of thing. I think that at the end of the day we’ve got a great working relationship and we would know if they had any intention to do anything and there’s really been no communication on that front. But having said that I think you raise a point which is that we both AIB and M&T have an agreement to cover this type of thing that dates back to 2003, a public agreement, and I think its an agreement that gives us a lot of rights. In some circumstances it gives us the notification requirements, the right of first refusals, but the most important thing is that if they were ever to go down that road, it calls for an orderly disposition. So we don’t know anything and I’d hate to speculate but its not something that’s on my top 10 list.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Al Savastano – Fox-Pitt Kelton
Al Savastano: Just wondering how you’re planning to assess the M&T balance sheet and the Provident balance sheet pre-deal and specifically what I’m asking if you’re going to downsize the balance sheet at either company before the deal.
Rene Jones: Downsize, I think I know what you’re asking, I think in that fashion, other then the marked in the portfolio which we intend to conservatively, we intend to use conservative marks particularly on the investment securities book, from times when our corporate plans group puts together assumptions on what we’ll do when we integrate a transaction there is sometimes looking at securities books and those types of things and delevering, but we never made such an assumption in this environment simply because there’s not liquidity available out there. So all of our assumptions were based around taking assets that we thought were risky, marking them down appropriately and holding the community based bank assets to term.
Al Savastano: And M&T’s balance sheet?
Rene Jones: Well that would be an M&T event. We would never sort of merge all that stuff together and one of the things you would see as an investor in M&T, is that we would tell you that was an M&T event but we have no plans to do that in any way.
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time; I would like to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing comments.
Donald MacLeod: I’d like to thank everybody for joining us on the call today and as usual if you have any further question or any clarification of the items on the call or in the news release, please contact our Investor Relations Department at 716-842-5138.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-22 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this is the operator. Today’s conference call is scheduled to begin momentarily.  We request that you please refrain from pressing * 1 in order to pose a question until prompted by the operator. If you have already done so, please press the # sign at this time. If you experience difficulties during today’s call, please press * and an operator will assist you. Thank you for your patience. [inaudible] will be placed on hold until the conference begins. Good morning, my name is Melissa, and I will be your conference operator this morning. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the M&T Bank Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2008 Earnings Conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker’s remarks, there will be a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question during this time, simply press *, then the number 1 on your telephone keypad. If you have already done so, please press the # sign now, then press * 1 again to ensure your question is registered. Thank you. Mr. McCloud, you may begin your conference.
Don McCloud: Thank you, Melissa, and good morning everyone. I’d like to thank everyone for participating in M&T’s Fourth Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference call, both by telephone, and through the web cast. If you have not had a chance to read the earnings release we issued earlier this morning, you may access it, along financial tables and schedules, from our website www.mtb.com, and by clicking on the investor’s relations link. Also, before we start, I’d like to mention that comments made during this call might contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank corporations. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings including those found on forms 8K, 10K, and 10Q for a complete discussion of forward looking statements. Now I’d like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, Rene Jones.
Rene Jones: Thank you Don, and welcome everyone. Thank you all for joining us on the call this morning. I know all of you are quite busy today. There are a few items from this morning’s release that I’d like to discuss before I respond to questions. In a somewhat turbulent environment, M&T earned a profit in the full year of 2008, reporting net income of $566 million dollars. This compares with net income of $654 million dollars in 2007. Diluted earnings per share in 2008 were $5.01, compared with $5.95 for 2007. The return on assets for 2008 was 85 basis points and the return on common equities was 8.6%. The after-tax expense from the amortization of intangible assets amounted to $41 million dollars and 36 cents per share in 2008, compared with 40 million or 37 cents per share in 2007. In addition, we incurred after tax merger-related expenses of $2 million dollars, or 2 cents per share in 2008, and $9 million dollars, or 8 cents per share, in 2007. Now operating income that excludes the amortization of intangibles, as well as merger-related charges, was $599 million dollars, or $5.39 per share for 2008, compared with $704 million, or $6.40 per share for 2007. In accordance with the SEC’s guidelines, this morning’s press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results, including tangible assets and equity. On the same net operating basis, the return on assets was 97 basis points, while the return on tangible equity was 19.6%. After dividends, M&T retained $247 million dollars in earnings to build our capital base in 2008. Turning to the results for the 4th Quarter, deluded earnings per share were 92 cents for the 4th Quarter of 2008, improved from 60 cents in the 4th Quarter 2007, and 82 cents earned in the link quarter. Net income for the recent quarter was $102 million dollars, up from $65 million dollars in the fourth quarter of 2007, and $91 million dollars in the link quarter. The amortization of core deposits and other intangible assets amounted to 8 cents per share in the fourth quarter of 2008, and 9 cents in the 4th Quarter of 2007, as well as the link quarter. There were no merger-related costs related to the 3rd and 4th Quarters of 2008. There were merger-related costs of $9 million, or 8 cents per share during the 4th Quarter of 2007. Deluded net operating earnings per share, which exclude the amortization of core deposits costs, as well as merger-related charges, was $1 for the recent quarter, up from 77 cents in the 4th Quarter of 2007, and 91 cents in the link quarter. And net-operating income in the incoming quarter was $112 million dollars, up from $84 million in the 4th Quarter of 2007 and $101 million in the linked quarter. The results for the 4th Quarter include two notable items. As a result of continued close scrutiny of our investment portfolio during the 4th Quarter, we recorded other than temporary impairment charges amounting to $21 million dollars pre-tax, on certain of our investment securities. This included $12 million dollars relating to two of our remaining mortgage securities backed by option arms. As of year-end, we have written down three or four option-backed mortgage bonds. Our remaining exposure to this type of security is $7 million dollars of book value and $2 million dollars of market value of the entire $8 billion dollar securities portfolio. The other component included a $12 million dollar write down on three full bank-trust preferred CDOs, which we acquired in the partner’s trust acquisition. Our remaining exposure to this type of security is limited to a book value of 16 million dollars and a market value of $2 million dollars as of year-end. Because of previous marks taken through other comprehensive income, the charge is taken through the income statement this quarter, had minimal impact on tangible common equity. The second notable item I’d like to point out is a $19 million dollar addition to the valuation allowance for capitalized mortgage servicing rights that we recorded in the 4th Quarter. This addition to the allowance came as a result of the sharp drop in mortgage rates as of 2008. As you recall, M&T does not hedge mortgage servicing rights because of the natural heads provided by our origination franchise. Taken together, these two items go ahead provided by our origination franchise. Taken together, these two items reduce net income for the fourth quarter by $26 million dollars and 24 cents per share. Next I'd like to cover a few highlights on the balance sheet and the income statement tax equivalent. Net interest income was $491 million dollars for the fourth quarter compared with $493 million dollars in the second quarter, and up $15 million dollars and $476 million dollars in the fourth quarter of 2007. That interest margin was 3.37%, down slightly from $3.39 percent that we reported in the third quarter. The primary factors in the margin compared to the link quarter with a non-payment of the FannieMae's preferred stock dividend in the fourth quarter and the impact from the rapid reduction in interest rates during December. and the concurrent downward resizing of assets. Average loans for the fourth quarter were $48.8 billion, compared with $48.5 billion in the link order. Compared with a link order, average commercial industrial loans grew an annualized 9%. Commercial real estate loans grew at 2% and consumer loans declined an annualized 2%. As we discussed through most of last year, we remain focused on relationship lending within our community bank footprint and have limited appetite for transitional site businesses, such as indirect consumer, and pretty much anything else that's outside our natural markets. In fact, we experienced long growth in all four of the principle regions in which we operate. This included annualized growth and loans in excess of 10% in both upstate New York and the mid-Atlantic region. On the deposit side, we experienced our fifth consecutive quarter of deposit growth. We believe that customers saw M&T somewhat of a safe harbor amidst the volatility in the marketplace during the fourth quarter. Core deposits, which exclude wholesale and foreign deposits, were up an annual 18% from the link quarter and up 11% for the full year. We experienced deposit growth in all four of our principal geographic regions, as well as from our multi-region commercial customers. Turning to non-interest income, excluding securities gains and losses, non-interest income was $265 million dollars for the region this quarter. This compares with $266 million in the linked quarter, and $288 million in the fourth quarter of 2007. Service charge and deposit accounts, $106 million during the quarter, compared with $110 million in the linked quarter. We think this reflects a modest seasonal impact on the commercial service charges having to do with lower number of processing days; a lower level of consumer charges appears to have resulted from a general flow down from consumer spending. Mortgage banking fees remain strong at $40 million dollars for the quarter, compared with $38 in the linked quarter. Continued strong gain on sale volume and margins are likely to add a natural offset to the lower valuation on our residential mortgage servicing right. Recorder’s results also included a $9 million dollar pre-tax loss from our investment … lending group, reflecting the remaining impact from right-sizing the BLG enterprise in response to the current environment. Operating expenses, which include the amortization of intangible assets, were $431 million dollars, compared with $15 million dollars in the 4th Quarter of 2007 and $419 million dollars in the 3rd Quarter of 2008. As I mentioned previously, the 4th Quarter’s results included a $19 million dollar addition to the valuation allowance for capitalized residential mortgage servicing rights, compared with a $1 million dollar addition to the allowance in the 3rd Quarter of 2008. There was a $2 million dollar addition to the allowance in the 4th Quarter of 2007. Excluding the addition of MSR evaluation, operating expenses declined $6 million dollars from the linked quarter. As we did in the 3rd Quarter, we made a $3 million dollar contribution to the M&T 25 largest banking holding companies. Residential construction and development accounted for $25 million of net charge offs for the quarter, down from $33 million in the linked quarter. Consumer loans accounted for $30 million dollars net charge offs in the recent quarter, compared with $31 million in the linked quarter. Substantially all of the increase related to indirect auto loan. Charge offs of some home-equity lines were flat for the third consecutive quarter, at $4 million dollars. All day loans, both first and second lean, accounted for $12 million dollars of net charges, down from $15 million dollars in the linked quarter. Net charge offs for the total residential mortgage portfolio, with $21 million, compared with $16 million in the 3rd Quarter, reflecting an up kick and charge offs in both the core mortgage portfolio and the one closed instruction portfolio. Net charge offs for the commercial to an industrial portfolio were $61 million dollars compared with $8 million dollars in the linked quarter. These related primarily to a collection firm and two publishing companies. The provision for credit losses in the 4th Quarter 2008 were $151 million dollars and exceeded net charge-offs by $7 million dollars. This compares with $101 million dollars for both a link quarter, and a year earlier. The allowance for credit losses at the end of the quarter, with $788 million, an increase to $1.61% of total loans through December 31st, up 1 basis points from the link quarter, and up three basis points from last year’s 4th Quarter. In the allowance as of year and covered net charge ups by more than two times, we would expect it to compare favorably to the industry average in the range of one to one-and-a-half times. Loans past due 90 days, but still accruing were $159 million at the end of the region of the quarter, compared with $96 million, at the end of the sequential quarter; this included $114 million, and $90 million dollars respectively, of loans that are guaranteed by government-related entities. Turning to capital, M&T’s tangible common ratio was 4.59% at the end of the 4th Quarter. Unrealized pre-tax losses on the available for sale securities portfolio, recognized through the other comprehensive income, for $806 million dollars as of December 31st, 2008, which reduced M&T’s tangible common ratio by 75 basis points. This compared with $558 million on September 30th, which reduced M&Ts standard common ration by 52 basis points at the end of the 3rd Quarter. The vast majority of these unrealized losses relate to our portfolio of private label mortgage securities. We believe the price declines are largely of a result of a disruption in the market and generally reflect continued lack of liquidity for non-government guaranteed mortgage securities, as opposed to actual credit losses. Under the accounting rules, the securities are required to be measured at liquidation value, as opposed to economic value, which would largely be based on credit expectations. Our estimated tier one capital ratio, as of September 31st, 2008, increased to approximately 8.83%. Turning to our outlook, at this point, we expect the net interest margin for the full year 2009 will be consistent with 2008. However, we expect downward pressure from the first quarter, until the balance sheet re-prices in response to the very large, very rapid decrease in interest rates in December. That natural re-pricing will lead to a rebound to a new margin in the second quarter and beyond. We obviously expect a credit cost to remain elevated on the coming year, and as we said, last year’s 3rd Quarter Earnings Call, we continue to expect a certain level of volatility in the char dust of any single quarter. Remarkably, thirty days or more delinquencies in the consumer loan portfolio at year-end 2008, were relatively unchanged from year end 2007. In addition, after almost two years of work, we feel we’ve gotten ahead of the curve in our portfolio of all day mortgages, as evidenced by the stable delinquencies they’ve charged us since the 2nd Quarter. Overall, the awkward trend in credit costs will continue, but with losses shifting to the commercial. With that said, this credit performance compares favorably to the industry in 2008, and we would anticipate it comparing favorably to the industry in 2009 as well. With a difficult credit environment, M&T remains very focused on expenses. While arbitrary, across the board expense cuts are not consistent with our culture, we do continue to review opportunities to improve efficiency. All of these predictions are of course, subject to, of course, uncertainties and various functions national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events, and other macroeconomic factors which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. Now, we’ll open up the call to questions. Before this, Melissa will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: At this time I would like to remind everyone, if you would like to ask a question, please press *, then the number 1 on your telephone key pad. We’ll pause for just a moment to compile the …. [inaudible] roster. Your first question comes from Matthew Clark, with KBW.
Matthew Clark: Hi this is Matt. Just first on the top proceeds – did you guys pay a dividend there and recognize any in the 4th Quarter? It looks like it was embedded in the total number…
Rene Jones: No, that dividend would have to be declared for the first quarter and then now paid for the first quarter.
Matthew Clark: And then on the mortgage-related re-negotiated loan, that are not accrual. Can you update us or let us know what your policy is in terms of how long it must take while they stay current on P&R before they return to accrual?
Rene Jones: In that case, the answer is pretty simple, once we modify the loan for someone who has missed a payment, we would require at least that they make at least six consecutive payments before we rolled that out of non-accrual. I think we’ve been modifying loans probably May- March time-frame, so that gives you sort of some sense of what’s going on there. A lot of the loans that we’ve modified in the recent quarter actually have been current and are paying, so they never roll into nonperforming. So they’ve been making their payments all along, but what we’re trying to is to be really pro-active there and help people stay in their homes and sort of avoid outsides risk in the future.
Matthew Clark: And what has your experience been, in terms of, given that you’ve been doing in term of subsequent delinquencies in terms of what you’ve renegotiated.?
Rene Jones: You need, probably, six months of experience, so you can only have maybe a quarter or so of experience, so the things that have seasoned out the six months were probably in the 40s, who would admit, 40s range, that we default, which we think is better than what we’re hearing in the industry. I think the primary reason is because our book of residential mortgages is so small that we have actually been able to deal with individuals on a person-to-person basis. Our view is that modifying a loan probably makes sense as long as that number doesn’t get above 60 or 70%. Matthew Clark: On the … the insurance premium increase, can you .. there in terms of the ramp we might see here throughout 2009? Rene Jones If you look at the industry, they're at 1 to 1.5 times. You can't sort of look at that and say, "Okay, we'll say it too". What we're really doing is we're looking at our book, and probably relative to others, we're probably more pessimistic on the environment, over all. That's why today, we're sitting at two times coverage, because we're looking at our books and we're seeing that migration on the commercial side. Really, what I think you would expect to see is that unless we change our outlook from that rather pessimistic view, I don't think that we would need to do anything there. I would guess that what you will see, as we finish this year, is that we'll be probably in the top two, three highest reserve, on that basis. One of the things that some folks have been asking us is "Last time there was a downturn in the credit cycle, how come you had a higher allowance?" Really, one simple thing is that last time we had a major economic recession, in the early 1990's, we had a credit card portfolio, as well. If you start looking at coverage ratios, I think that gives you a better sense of what we're going to do. The short answer is "Not necessarily".
Matthew Clark: Okay, and when you talk about coverage rations being two to one, I guess you're looking at full year charge offs, if I compare just the 4th Quarter level, it's about 1.4?
Rene Jones: Yes, and I would guess everybody – on that basis, because I don't know where anybody is. It's hard to look at. If you look at it, we were 77 basis points in the 3rd Quarter, if you average the two in the last six months – I'm just making this up, maybe that's 97 basis points. Clearly, the second half charge offs were rising. 97, maybe that's 1.7 times coverage. It's still relatively high.
Matthew Clark: Okay, I guess, from my point of view, it seems like the economy is weakening significantly. It's not just you, but for everybody. As they think about charge offs, going forward, there should be some net increases. That coverage ratio will probably approach 1% in a couple of quarters.
Rene Jones: Matt, we don't forecast. We were relatively pessimistic when we were not booking loans in New York City, when everybody else was. We've been kind of pessimistic for some time and that's why we never took our reserve.
Matthew Clark: Okay, that's fair enough. Separately, you're one of the few banks that are earning their dividends, if not the only bank among the bigger banks. A payout ratio is high. Capital looks a little light, after the Provident deal, and obviously, the economy is just very weak. At this point, how important is paying the dividend versus building a little more capital, to be opportunistic or to play (deep)?
Rene Jones: Matt, I think you spelled it out very well. If you look at the coverage, you have to look at net operating income, to exclude the amortization of intangibles. In 2008, our earnings were twice our dividends. We feel pretty good about that. We've not gone into any quarter with a loss, despite an environment where you're seeing a lot of losses. I think we handily covered our dividend, this quarter, as well. That's just not something that is on our minds, today.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Alexopoulos, with JP Morgan.
Rene Jones: Hi, Steven.
Steven Alexopoulos: First question – are aware if AIB reduced their position during the quarter? Could you just review the process for them to sell on the open market?
Rene Jones: No, I'm not aware of that.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay, there is an orderly process if they're going to go to the open market. Is that right?
Rene Jones: Yes, there is an orderly process. The only reason I won't spell it out, step-by-step here, is it's out there publically. I'd be happy to get a copy of that thing out there, again. Essentially, it requires right of first refusal. After that, if we choose not to do that, it requires an orderly distribution and time period, and under a number of provisions. One individual can't own more than a certain amount of the individual shares from that distribution. You're right. It does require an orderly distribution.
Steven Alexopoulos: Rene, since you guys announced the Provident deal, your stock's been under a lot of pressure. You did make comments, at the time, that you probably would issue more common equity. As that stock continues to slide, here, you're decreasing the eventual dilution, day-by-day. How quickly do you think you might get out there and try to get an equity raise done? Or, do you try and wait for recovery in the stock price?
Rene Jones: On the call, what we actually said is that we did not see the need to raise capital for that deal. You see that we closed with a ratio of 4.59. The way we think about it, our capital ratio has always been historically low. There is a good reason for that. We think we've sort of built a business model that is appropriate for the level of capital that we maintain. If you think about it, Alex, if you go through and look at the volatility of businesses – I may have shared this with you before, volatility of earnings over the last eleven years, I don't think you'll find a bank whose earnings volatility is lower. That's not because we're good; it's because of the business model we built. We're a deposit-oriented institution. We've never had much mark-to-market - I'm sorry, Steven. I said "Alex". We've never had much mark-to-market exposure. The biggest exposure we have, today, is in this OCI adjustment, because of our private label Morgan Securities. When we think of that, it's a very different world. Clearly, everybody out there has the facts to understand that the reduction in our tangible ratio is due to the illiquidity in those markets. If you look at the pricing on those securities, what you get is after you remove all credit, they're pricing as if you need an 18% yield. We make loans and we buy securities to hold them. We don't tend to sell them at exit prices. From our perspective, there's no economics there. If you look back at that – I think we said it was 75 basis points. You're back right where we've comfortably always been. From our perspective, we don't think we need to raise capital related to that deal, or at this point, for any other reason. Having said that, at some point in time, if there is some opportunity, we probably are not going to be doing any opportunities without doing capital. When we're thinking about capital, today, it’s all from an opportunity perspective. If you think of the Provident deal we did, it was a stock-for-stock deal. Those are my thoughts.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay, that's helpful, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Fox, with Fenimore Asset Management.
John Fox: Hi, I have a couple of questions. On a going forward basis, could you comment on Bayview, and number one, the level of operating losses expected? Number two, what is your valuation of the asset? Thanks
Rene Jones: Yes, we added a $9 million dollar operating loss in the quarter, down from $14 million dollars. I guess it was a little bit higher than I expected when we were on the 3rd Quarter call. Essentially, sort of the unwinding of some assets and some things to get it into its steady state mode, there were some remaining of those. Let me just say; I expect it to be lower than the $9 million dollar loss that you saw this quarter. Other than that, there is no real change. They're still originating a very small amount of mortgages. At the end of the day, much of the valuation of the business is now based on the totality of the cash flows from the broader Bayview businesses.
John Fox: Okay, it looks like the tax rate was low in the quarter. Can you talk about that and what you expect it to be, for 2009?
Rene Jones: There are two things there. We did receive some amount of sales tax rebates in the quarter. The other thing that is quite interesting; I don't know if it's a good thing; our earnings are lower. We have a fair amount of fixed tax credits. The tax rate naturally goes down when the earnings are lower. There is sort of a floor, there.
John Fox: Okay, how about 2009?
Rene Jones: I'd say just look at the effective tax rate for 2008, and take out - there was a benefit, I think – I'm missing it. We had an item that we mentioned on one of the calls. I just can't remember what it was.
Donald MacLeod: It was the work out on closing one of the returns incorrectly.
Rene Jones: Oh, yes, we did have a onetime benefit in the 3rd Quarter, that we had mentioned, for somewhere around $40 million dollars. You would have to take that out and normalize it.
John Fox: Okay, in terms of capital, I'm hearing you saying, "We have these currently illiquid MBS, and we think they're worth more than the mark, etc." What is the duration on those? Presumably, I don't know if you're right, we should be getting par, over time. That should accrete to book value. How long does that take? When will we start to see the collections come in, and we'll be able to mark that up?
Rene Jones: There is something like $2.7 billion dollar of private label, mortgage-backed securities. The lion's share of those have the most senior position. The payments, in the second half of the year, were probably something like – potential pay downs were something like $30 million dollars a month. Now, with the lower rates, I would expect to see some acceleration in that. That's exactly how we think about it. It's sort of a natural amortization into our capital base. I think the key point, there, is that we didn't buy them to sell them. We have no intention of selling them, so that's what is going to happen. If we thought there was a problem with them economically, we'd have to take an OTTI charge, right. We haven't.
John Fox: Right, I'm not implying that you should write them off. I'm saying, "Okay, we've taken this huge hit, through AOCI, and presumably that should come back, over time, as you get par". I'm just trying to gauge how fast does that happen. If you're saying $30 million dollars a month, let's say it goes to $40 million dollars because the rates are down. That's $480 million dollars …
Rene Jones: Four or five years, four years, is that right?
John Fox: So, we should see some accretion of that in 2009?
Rene Jones: Yes, and you are seeing it, right? You actually saw some in 2008, but what you cosmetically don't see it is because the discounted yields are going up.
John Fox: Right, and that number that we see has gotten bigger – wider, each quarter.
Rene Jones: Yes, underlying this $30 million dollars a month of amortization, if you say that that loan – let's say – I forget what it is; 65 cents on the dollar, or something like that. 35 cents of the thirty is coming in, right?
John Fox: Exactly, okay, thank you.
Rene Jones: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Paul, private investor.
Rene Jones: Good morning, Gary.
Gary Paul: I have questions on three topics. The first one relates to Bayview. I have a couple of questions. You mention that Bayview has relatively limited production, yet, as I go through the 10K (previews), quarter-by-quarter, M&T keeps buying. What portion of their production are you buying? Would the losses be significantly greater if you weren't?
Rene Jones: We are not buying – okay, I see where you're going. We're not buying, and have not bought the VLG Production. What we did do in the 3rd Quarter, I believe, is we purchased a bond from Bayview Financial, which is a different product. It's a residential mortgage-backed product that was a AAA-rated security, and where we have the first and sole position.
Gary Paul: Are you saying this is being bought from the parent?
Rene Jones: Yeah, it's being bought from the parent, and it's not small balance, commercial stuff. We're not buying things from our own subsidiary.
Gary Paul: Okay, so it has no effect, really, on the size of the losses?
Rene Jones: That's right, none whatsoever.
Gary Paul: My second question, given that you have not taken any other than temporary losses on Bayview, and have indicated that that is based on the stream from, in essence, the parent, largely; can you give us any indication as to what that stream of cash flow is?
Rene Jones: What it comes from?
Gary Paul: No, more of like the dollar size.
Rene Jones: No, we haven't talked about that, at all. Think about what you have. You have two main things, outside of BLG. You have residual values from the securities that they've generated, probably over the past ten or twelve years. As those pay down, the first cash flows go to reduce the debt securitized by them. As that debt goes away, what then happens is that the cash flows go to the parent and to us. The second piece is Bayview Asset Management, which by now, you may have read about. It's up and running. They're buying assets. They get a management fee for buying the asset, a management fee for servicing the asset, and they also get a return beyond a certain nominal return. They get 20% of the profits, beyond a nominal return. One of the things I think is really interesting, Gary, is if you think about what's happening in our private label mortgage securities, where after you stress for cash flows and remove the credit costs, there is an implied 18% to 20% yield out there that people are getting. That is the type of paper that Bayview Asset Management is buying. In a simple buy and hold strategy, today, the returns on the funds that they set up are likely to be 20%, without any recovery and housing prices. They get 20% of those. The key is that you've got to go out and fully invest that, and set it up. You don't want to buy, fully put your investments in too early because you'd be worried about buying all of your assets and filling up your fund, while housing prices still have some way to go.
Gary Paul: Okay, and my last question is related to Bayview, and then I have two other topics that are only one question each. You had indicated, on the last conference call, that you are taking your Bayview right down through the investment, which is why it was down from 300 to 280, and I assume is now down to 271?
Rene Jones: Yes, it's a partnership interest. The incomes in partnerships are not taxed. It just flows to the partners, and it would reduce the basis, absolutely. The loss would reduce the basis – the (public of increase) the basis.
Gary Paul: So, you had increase in basis before they started having losses?
Rene Jones: Yes, I think it was up to 310 or 308…
Gary Paul: Okay, I was having problems reconciling the amount of losses that you'd taken quarter after quarter, and echoing down. That explains it, okay. Second question is a pretty simple one, which is excluding stuff that's non-performing, already, how much is left in your construction portfolio?
Rene Jones: Excluding things that are non-performing, what's left in our builder construction portfolio, the whole thing or the mid Atlantic? Which one are you thinking?
Gary Paul: I'm thinking about the total construction, including the Pacific Northwest.
Rene Jones: Give me a second, here. Where is my …
Gary Paul: And ballpark is good enough.
Rene Jones: Sure, give me a second. $1.7 billion, I think, when we started talking about it, we were at $2.2 billion.
Gary Paul: Okay, and my last question is on your last Q, on Page 37, you mentioned these VRDB's. I understand that they're distinctly different from SIV's, but what can you tell me to convince me that there is not any risk, assuming that's the case, of the VRDB's being backed by the bank if anything goes wrong?
Rene Jones: I think the one major difference is with the remarketing agents. We essentially are providing a line of credit, but we don't have to take the bonds in, by the way the things are structured. We don't have to take the bonds in to inventory. That's a choice of M&T. I think that's a fundamental difference. You don't have the issue with having to bring things, on balance sheets, like the SIV's. In fact, in a broader question, that's one of the other things that sort of distinguishes us. We don't have a lot of stuff hanging off our balance sheet.
Gary Paul: No, other than this, I haven't seen anything.
Rene Jones: We don't have a conduit. The small conduit that we had in 2008, we didn't think provided much, if any liquidity. We got rid of it.
Gary Paul: Okay, that's the end of my questions.
Rene Jones: Thank you, Gary.
Operator: Your next question comes from Morris Segall, with SPG Trend Advisors.
Morris Segall: Good morning.
Rene Jones: Good morning.
Morris Segall: I wanted to ask you that your strategy with regard to capital adequacy in the loan-loss reserving, is taking full account of the Provident acquisition, and what might be in that portfolio?
Rene Jones: Could you refine that a little bit?
Morris Segall: I know you're scrutinizing and going to do due diligence on Provident's book of business. To the extent that as we go through this year, and the shift runs from consumer to commercial real estate, I'm wondering how comfortable you are running a lean operation, in regards to capital adequacy and loan-loss reserving, giving that new acquisition and what might be in there?
Rene Jones: Let me just start off with I wouldn't characterize our reserving as "lean". I would characterize it as one of the top three or four highest reserves in the industry, based on the loan book that we have. We've already had our comments on capital reserve. I think, with respect to Provident, we did a pretty thorough job on that. If you look at the 650 million in marks, on a small institution like that, we think we've got our hands around that. Once we do that, it means there are no charge offs in that entity and it's sort of a bank that produces cash flow. Essentially, what we have to do is to put those two banks that are on top of each other in Baltimore, and make them efficient. What you're going to see is we take the marks; there will be no charge offs going forward, and then it will produce a significant amount of cash flows out and about, and probably starting in the first six to twelve months. Again, I think we're pretty well reserved, when you consider the size of our reserve, and the marks that we're contemplating with Provident.
Morris Segall: Would you be inclined, if things deteriorated to a greater extent as we go through 2009, to reapply for more TARP money?
Rene Jones: No, we see no need to do that.
Morris Segall: Okay, thank you very much.
Rene Jones: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Easton, with Bank of America.
Rene Jones: Hey, Ken
Ken Easton: Hey, Rene. Just one quick question. Could you just talk a little bit about the ninety-day past due bucket? What types of migration are you seeing behind the surface, what we're necessarily seeing in NPA's this quarter, but just how the rest of the book is acting behind the surface, a little bit?
Rene Jones: Yes, I'll give you a quick answer. Don, do you want to..
Don MacLeod: Other than the usual GNMA buy out stuff, and the export/import bank stuff that's government guaranteed; there is one credit in there that is reasonably sizeable, that's going to be restructured. That's why it's not non-performing. It will be restructured here, in the next thirty days, and should drop out of there.
Rene Jones: Yeah, and still paying interest.
Ken Easton: One just quick follow-up, just to wrap up the whole discussion about capital adequacy, unrealized losses, etcetera. I want to make sure I'm understanding your comment that because the "unrealized" is the main culprit on the TCE, given the reduction that we're going to get through the Provident deal, that you're still comfortable running at a TCE ratio, which I guess could be proforma now as low as 4%? Do you see any need to have to raise additional capital?
Rene Jones: No, Ken I don't see a proforma at 4%.
Ken Easton: Wasn't it 4.9%, going to 4.4% or 4.5%? That was the (terms) that you provided in the (stack)?
Rene Jones: That’s a good point, good clarification.
Ken Easton: So, I'm saying from 4.5%, kind of down to 4.0%, is my analysis.
Rene Jones: Yes – our conference call, I think, was on the 19th of December. We kind of knew where all the marks were. Everybody was a little nervous about saying it went to 4.4%. A big chunk of that was because we already saw what had happened to the unrealized losses.
Ken Easton: Okay, what you're saying is that …
Rene Jones: It's built into the estimate.
Ken Easton: Sorry?
Rene Jones: A chunk of what you see, going from 4.90% to 4.59%, probably a little more than half of that was already baked into our estimates when we said 4.4%.
Ken Easton: If the deal closed today, what would proforma TCE be?
Rene Jones: I don't have a different answer. I'm saying it's 4.40%. If I forecasted fifty different times – the answer to your question is since December, when the government started talking about buying assets again, the marks improved, probably $100 million dollars.
Ken Easton: Okay
Rene Jones: It moves all around. I think our message is that we're not managing our business based on the silliness of the markets. We're going to manage it based on cash flows.
Ken Easton: Okay
Rene Jones: Okay?
Ken Easton: So, in that concept, you feel very comfortable with where capital ratios are?
Rene Jones: We feel comfortable, today.
Ken Easton: Okay, thanks a lot
Rene Jones: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Collin Gilbert, with Stifel Nicolaus.
Rene Jones: Good morning, Collyn.
Collyn Gilbert: Good morning, Rene, how are you?
Rene Jones: Great
Collyn Gilbert: Good – I have just a quick question. In the event that they bring back some version of TARP 1, are there any assets on your books or Provident's books that maybe you would look to participate through that hypothetical TARP?
Rene Jones: You know, I think there are two steps to that answer. First of all, if they went back to TARP 1 and they start buying assets, you will probably, automatically see some rebound in those unrealized losses. Almost 100% of the drop, from the 3rd Quarter to 4th Quarter came on November 12th, when Secretary (Folsom) said that he was not going to buy assets anymore. You're seeing it come back. That automatically, if you care about this OCI adjustment, would increase capital ratios. Then, I think you have to think about it. There has been some talk. (Frank Guitner) had mentioned this whole "good bank, bad bank". Quite frankly, this gets at the essence of what's going on in the capital markets. If a private bank were set up that were buying assets based on cash flows, and they said, "After credit, we'll use a discount rate of 13%," as soon as that is announced, most of the banks will get a huge infusion of capital from the OCI (reversing) Think about the idea of a bank – let's say it's the government, buying assets at 13%. 13% after tax is 8%. That's a better deal than giving out TARP money, at 8% dividend, to a bank that's not doing well. I think it has merit. I think it would help – to your specific question, we'd have to look. One or two assets here and there, I don't know; I think if we participated, it would probably be more about helping the process.
Collyn Gilbert: Okay
Rene Jones: I think it's too hard to say. The lions share – we'll keep.
Collyn Gilbert: Okay, that's helpful, thank you.
Operator: Our final question is a follow-up, from John Fox, with Fenimore Asset Management.
John Fox: My question was answered, thank you.
Operator: Are there any closing remarks?
Rene Jones: Again, I'd like to thank everybody for participating, today. As always, if clarification of any of the items in the call or the news release is necessary, please call our Investor Relations Department, at 706-842-5138. Thank you, and good bye.
Operator: This concludes the M&T Bank, 4th Quarter and Full Year 2008 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-22 11:00:00) =====
Operator: I would like to welcome everyone to the M&T Bank’s Q3 2008 earnings call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Don MacLeod, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Donald MacLeod: Thank you and good morning. I’d like to thank everyone for participating in M&T’s third quarter 2008 earnings conference call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you have not read the earnings release we issued earlier this morning, you may access it, along with the financial tables and schedules, from our website www.mtb.com and by clicking on the investor relations link. Before we start, I’d like to mention that comments made during this call may contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those filed on Forms 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now I would like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer Rene Jones.
Rene Jones: Thank you, Don and welcome everyone. Thank you all for joining us on the call. There are few items in the quarter’s results that I’d like to discuss before I respond to questions. Diluted earnings per share, which include the amortization of core deposits and other intangible assets, were $0.82 in the third quarter of 2008 compared with $1.83 in the third quarter of 2007 and $1.44 in the linked quarter. Net income for the recent quarter was $99 million compared with $199 million in the third quarter of 2007 and $160 million in the linked quarter. The amortization of core deposits and other intangible assets amounted to $0.09 per share in the third quarters of both 2008 and 2007 as well as in the linked quarter. There were no merger-related costs reported in the third quarter of either 2008 or 2007, or in this year’s second quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per share, which exclude the amortization of core deposits and other intangible assets, were $0.91 per share compared with $1.92 in the third quarter of ‘07 and $1.53 in the linked quarter. In accordance with SEC guidelines, this morning’s press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results, including tangible assets and equity. M&T’s net operating income for the quarter was $101 million compared with $209 million in the third quarter of 2007 and $170 million in the linked quarter. Items of particular note that impacted the quarter’s results included the following: First, as we previously disclosed in an 8-K filing on September 12, we recognized an other than temporary impairment charge on our holdings of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac preferred stock. The total pre-tax charge was $153 million which amounted to $97 million or $0.88 per share after tax. Also during the third quarter, we resolved certain tax-related issues in various jurisdictions. This resulted in a benefit of $40 million income tax expense or $0.36 in earnings per share. Also, as we’ll mention later, we continued to demonstrate our commitment to the communities we serve by making a $3 million contribution to the M&T Bank Charitable Foundation. Turning to the balance sheet and income statement highlights, taxable equivalent net interest income rose to $493 million for the third quarter, up slightly from $492 million in the linked quarter and up $22 million from $473 million in the third quarter of 2007. The net interest margin was 3.39%, unchanged from the second quarter. We benefited from a wider LIBOR Fed funds spread and from the run-off of some higher yielding CDs during the quarter. This was offset by the impact of an additional day during the quarter and the non-payment of the Freddie Mac dividends. Average loans for the third quarter were $48.5 billion compared with $49.5 billion in the linked quarter. The primary reason for the decline was the conversion of some $875 million of residential mortgage loans into Fannie Mae guaranteed mortgage securities. This occurred in two transactions, one late in the second quarter and the other early in the third. We retained the securities in our available for sale investment securities portfolio. Including those securitizations, average loans were down 2% from the linked quarter. Compared with the linked quarter, average commercial and industrial loans grew an annualized 2%, commercial real estate loans grew 1% and consumer loans declined 5%. Excluding the normal seasonal decline in auto loans in the third quarter as dealers reduced their inventories in preparation for the new model year, the remainder of the C&I portfolio grew at an annualized 8%. As we referenced in our second quarter earnings call, we are focused on relationship lending within our core footprint and have limited appetite for transactional-type business such as in direct consumer. For example, annualized linked quarter growth in average loans across our community bank footprint averaged 5% and ranged from 4% in upstate New York to 8% in the mid Atlantic region. Indirect auto loans declined at an annualized rate of 14%. Average core deposits which excludes foreign deposits and wholesale time deposits were up an annualized 1% from the linked quarter and up 11% from the third quarter of 2007. End of period core deposits were up an annualized 7% in the linked quarter as we appear to have been the beneficiary of the September turmoil. Average money market deposit accounts and demand deposit accounts experienced the strongest growth, partially offset by a decline in CDs. Turning to non-interest income, non-interest income was $114 million for the recent quarter. This compares to $271 million in the linked quarter and $253 million in the third quarter of 2007. Excluding the securities loss on the GSE preferred stock, non-interest income for the third quarter of 2008 was $267 million. Service charges on deposit accounts were $110 million during the recent quarter, unchanged compared with the linked quarter. Mortgage banking fees remained quite resilient at $38 million for the quarter, also unchanged from the linked quarter. The quarter’s results also include a $14 million pre-tax loss from our investment in Bayview Lending Group. This compares with the $13 million figure in this year’s second quarter. As we discussed in July’s earnings call, these amounts include M&T’s pro rata portion of the severance and similar expenses related to the downsizing BLG’s infrastructure in the current environment. We expect BLG’s operating losses to be lower in this year’s fourth quarter. Unrealized pre-tax losses on the available for sale securities portfolio recognized through other comprehensive income were $558 million as of September 30, 2008 compared with $403 million at June 30th. Our tangible common equity ratio was 4.93% at the end of the third quarter. Our estimated tier 1 capital ratio as of September 30 increased by 15 basis points to approximately 7.91%, up from 7.76% as of June 30th. Operating expenses, which exclude the amortization of intangible assets, were $419 million compared with $375 million in the third quarter of 2007 and $403 million in the second quarter of 2008. The third quarter results include a $1 million addition to the valuation allowance for capitalized residential mortgage servicing rates compared with a $9 million reversal from the allowance in the second quarter of 2008. There were no valuation adjustments in the third quarter of 2007. Also during the quarter, as we mentioned, we made a $3 million contribution to the M&T Bank Charitable Foundation. These two items accounted for $13 million of the increase from the linked quarter and excluding those items, operating expenses grew at an annualized rate of just 2%. We are continuing to fund our core initiatives such as additional branches in the mid-Atlantic; in other words, we are not using the environment as an excuse to reduce spending in areas crucial to our future growth. Let’s turn to credit. Non-performing loans increased to $710 million at the end of the recent quarter compared with $587 million at the end of the previous quarter. That increase includes $19 million of residential developer and homebuilder credits. Non-performing loans in the remainder of the commercial portfolio increased by $49 million, including $26 million in loans to operators of recreational facilities which are collateralized by real estate. Non-performing residential real estate loans increased by $42 million. This included $32 million of proactive loan modifications which under the accounting rules qualify as troubled debt restructuring. The non-performing loan ratio was 146 basis points at the end of the third quarter compared with 120 basis points at the end of the linked quarter and 83 basis points at the end of the third quarter of 2007. Other non-performing assets, predominantly consisting of assets taken into foreclosure of defaulted loans, were $85 million compared with $53 million at the end of the linked quarter. This compares to $22 million at the end of the third quarter of 2007. Net charge-offs for the quarter were $94 million, down slightly from $99 million in the second quarter, resulting in an annualized charge-off rate of 77 basis points of total loans. This compares with 81 basis points in the linked quarter. Residential construction and development loans accounted for $33 million of net charge-offs for the quarter, compared with $38 million in the linked quarter. Consumer loans accounted for $31 million of net charge-offs in the recent quarter compared with $27 million in the linked quarter. This included a $2 million increase in charge-offs on indirect auto loans. Alt-A loans, both first and second lien, accounted for $15 million of net charge-offs, unchanged from the linked quarter. The provision for credit losses in the third quarter of 2008 was $101 million. This compares with $100 million in the linked quarter and $34 million in the year earlier quarter. The allowance for credit losses at the end of the quarter was $781 million, an increase of 1.60% of total loans at the end of September 30, 2008, up from 1.58% at the end of the linked quarter and 1.52% at the end of last year’s third quarter. Loans past due 90 days and accruing were $96 million at the end of the recent quarter compared with $94 million at the end of the sequential quarter. This included $90 million and $89 million respectively of loans that are guaranteed by government-related entities. In summary, aside from the other than temporary impairment charge on the GSE preferred stock and the benefit from the tax settlement, the quarter’s results were consistent with both our expectations and last quarter’s performance. As we observed on the July call, our revenue stream which does not have a large market sensitive component, hasn’t been significantly compromised by the downturn. In addition, expense growth remained moderate; as a result, pre-tax, pre-provision profitability remained strong. Consistent with our outlook since January we continue to expect overall percentage loan growth for 2008 to be in the mid to upper single-digit range. This of course excludes the impact of the securitizations mentioned earlier. We also continue to expect a relatively stable net interest margin, although with some bias towards the upside in the fourth quarter. While charge-offs improved in the second quarter, we have likely not reached the peak of the credit cycle. We expect continued increases in delinquencies and non-performers, though at manageable levels, particularly in the consumer portfolio. In addition, residential builder don’t deteriorate in uniform fashion and the non-performers and net charge-offs in that portfolio will continue to be somewhat lumpy and are difficult to predict in any given quarter. However, we would expect losses in this portfolio to persist for the next several quarters. All of these projections, of course, are subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national, regional economic growth and changes in interest rates and political events and other macroeconomic factors which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. We’ll now open up the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe: My first question is on Bayview. So it looks like they took your portion of losses, the $14 million. I think this has been going on for several quarters. Could you just review your thought process in terms of when you might need to writedown your investment in Bayview?
Rene Jones: Sure Ken. Let me go back, I think on September 8th we discussed our thoughts on this on a webcast and our thinking on the valuation of BLG. The logic here, we walked through the facts. The management has really consistently met all of the projections for implementing their contingent liquidity plan. Earlier in the year what we had pointed to was that there would need to be either a return of liquidity in the securitization market or we would have to have seen a modification in their operating model that we had a lot of confidence in. If you look at where we stand today, I mean clearly the markets are not likely to return anytime soon. Our investment in BLG today has been modified such that in addition to the normal 20% ownership interest that we have in BLG we also have a 20% economic interest in all of the activities of Bayview Financial. That’s an economic interest that goes to BLG. If you think about that, when we look at the value of those businesses, the assets and those cash flows that they generate that tends to generate significant value that supports the valuation of the investments that we have on our books. So, I think if you look at where we were maybe a couple of quarters ago, we’ve laid out that uncertainty and we had a number of things that we were looking at. But since then we have gotten very comfortable and have seen evidence to the fact that there is significant value in the way that our BLG investment is structured. To try to just make it a little bit more clear, the next thing I’d like to say is that you have to remember, first and foremost, that we have a passive investment in a private company. We cannot talk about things that the institution hasn’t disclosed on its own. Having said that, you know the business that they’re in. They have a significant amount of residual values on securities that they’ve issued probably over the last ten years and those have significant economic value. In addition, they’ve recently, towards the end of July, announced another event which was centered around their expertise in the scratch-and-dent loan business which is namely the set up of their asset management company in which an outside party made an equity investment. So there are a number of public things that you can actually go out and point to that show you what we are looking for in terms of value. Today we are much less reliant on a return to the securitization market for the origination business. Directly to your point, there would have to be some sort of significant event that we don’t know about today in order to have any sort of a partial writedown of that business. The last thing I’ll say is we are pretty candid and we tend to raise issues way before they come up. Today we think the investment is properly valued.
Ken Zerbe: Forgive me, I may have forgotten this. You have the 20% equity interest in BLG and it sounded like you just said that you have increased your ownership to include 20% ownership of all Bayview Financial activities. When did that increase happen? Did I just misunderstand that?
Rene Jones: That’s not technically correct. What I said is that we have our 20% equity ownership interest in BLG and we have an economic interest in all of the cash flows of Bayview Financial. So the more significant issue is not necessarily that item, but the management team’s certainty that those actually produced cash flows. We’ve gotten much more comfortable with that since early in the year this year, based on certain transactions that they have publicly disclosed.
Ken Zerbe: Understood. The second question I had in terms of the non-performing loans, obviously that has been increasing at a fairly healthy clip, I think over 20% quarter on quarter this quarter. Your reserve to non-performing loan ratio is at 110 which I believe you point out in the press release. That’s been coming down quite substantially over the last several quarters. At what point do you feel that you might need to build reserves to help offset this? Or does it matter? Could this get down to 20%?
Rene Jones: It’s a great question. Let me just step back. Cosmetically you do worry about it. You look at it and you think about it. But when you build your allowance you are not necessarily looking at the cosmetics, you’re looking at the loss content. One of the great examples is we’ve kind of mentioned these troubled debt restructurings that we had in our portfolio this month, $32 million of the increase in non-performing loans. So a substantial portion of the increase was related to loans that we modified. What we’re seeing is if you think about what we did, we changed our charge-off policy in the fourth quarter. Essentially we moved it back to 150 days so we would get at problems quicker. Then we spent a fair amount of time working through things that were delinquent loans in that $1 billion Alt-A book. Now what’s actually happening is we’ve developed risk profiles so that we understand the type of customer that is likely to miss their first payment and we are going out and proactively doing loan modifications to make sure that we keep those customers in their homes, even though they may have never missed a payment. Under the guidelines, that represents a non-performing loan and you’ve got to put a FAS 115 mark on that institution. So here we think we’ve defined and we are adequately reserved on our Alt-A loans, but the way in which we continue to go through and mitigate losses results in non-performing loans; it doesn’t necessarily mean the loss comes as a result. So in this environment we’re very, very focused on the individual loss content that we see. We’ve been relatively conservative and it’s one of the reasons why we keep pointing to the ratio of reserves to losses. Through the first three quarters of this year we’re still at 2.5 times our charge-off levels in terms of our reserve which you might be able to find two or three other institutions that are at that level, but that’s about it.
Ken Zerbe: From our perspective, rising NPLs is probably one of the best or only things that we can look at in terms of future loss content. I do appreciate your answer. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Steven Alexopoulos – JP Morgan.
Steven Alexopoulos: What was the thought process behind the $875 million of mortgage loans that were converted to securities? Why the third quarter and should we expect more of that?
Rene Jones: I think there are a number of reasons. In this environment, starting actually back in the third or fourth quarter of last year, with the disruptions in the markets in August we began to look at our liquidity plan. Part of the liquidity plan is helpful to have the guarantee on the Freddie and Fannie paper for those securities and so we did about $1 billion in December. All those loans are from the partners transaction and now we are getting up to close to another $1 billion worth which actually provides you with strength in terms of liquidity and it also provides you with a guarantee. As we look back and think about that $1 billion that we did out in December, the guarantee that we bought, I think we paid 14 of 15 basis points for that guarantee. If you’re looking at the environment today, I think that was money well spent. In particular, if you look at what we’re seeing we have had, for example, on our residential Alt-A portfolio, which is now just over a billion, for seven months, we have seen the lower delinquencies. Seven months in a row we’ve seen lower delinquencies of 30 days or more. Having said that, the whole portfolio has actually seen a slight rise in delinquencies because prime mortgages that no one was worried about a year ago are now actually having slightly higher delinquency rates, albeit from small levels. I think the guarantee plus the additional liquidity was attractive to us.
Steven Alexopoulos: Can you talk about your appetite here to issue this preferred stock as [inaudible]? What are your thoughts there?
Donald MacLeod: I think everything that we have read suggests that it’s a very attractive program and I think clearly the intent is to incent institutions to go out and to resume making loans, which would ramp up the level of loans they’re making to domestic institutions. As we understand it, we have until November 14 to come to our conclusion as to what we’re going to do so we are still evaluating that but I don’t have anything negative to say about it. I think it’s a great program.
Operator: Your next question is from John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management.
John Fox: Do you have the total for the loan balances for the homebuilder development loans and the alt-A loans at the end of the quarter?
Rene Jones: I think we do. The Alt-A loans were $1.047 billion. The homebuilder I will get for you in a second. Just $2 billion.
John Fox: And then thinking about loan growth, do you expect the residential lines to grow at this point or do you continue to use securitization and how should we think about that?
Rene Jones: We are not adding anything significantly to our held for investment portfolio. The balances are down because of the continued run-off in the alt-A portfolio but they’re also down because warehouse lines are down and should mortgage rates decline you might see a slight pick up in that warehouse balance portion. But other than that I think the balances there would be relatively steady. It would be based on demand. Remember that we have historically on the held for investment portfolio simply used that as a technical substitute for investment securities. We manage that, say $4 billion portfolio along with the investment securities book and we have actually been running down investment securities.
John Fox: What is the amount of the Bayview investment at this point?
Rene Jones: $280 million is the book value of our investment.
John Fox: Other expenses looked higher to me in the expense. I know you have the charitable contribution you mentioned, but is there anything unusual in the other expense line?
Rene Jones: Anecdotally, clearly in this environment you have higher collection costs and you have higher ORE-related expenses. We have discontinued our investments -- we’ve not discontinued our investments in things like the branches in the mid-Atlantic that we’ve talked about. We had talked about for some years doing loan systems optimization. We spent a fair amount of money moving that project forward in the course of the quarter. Much of it is in continued investments, the clear item obviously is this $10 million spread in the impairment, right?
John Fox: Right.
Rene Jones: If you take that out and you take out the charitable contribution, you get a more normalized level.
Operator: Your next question is from Ed Najarian - Merrill Lynch.
Rene Jones: Hi, Ed.
Ed Najarian: Obviously on the charge-off ratio you actually were down 4 basis points but pretty much remaining in that 80 basis point range for two quarters now. Is that something that you feel like you can maintain, something in that range? Or do you feel like based on a weaker economic outlook and some higher losses in areas where you really haven’t seen very high losses such as the commercial side of the portfolio, that that loss ratio ought to go up over the next several quarters? You indicated that you expect the net interest margin to be flat with an upward bias in 4Q. Does that outlook of flat to an upward bias include an outlook that the Fed will be cutting by another 50 basis points sometime in the near future?
Rene Jones: Let me just do it in reverse because I think it is easier. Ed, we still use the forward curve. So whatever percentage of the rate cut embedded in the forward curve is absolutely there. I would say upward bias because with the disruptions in the markets we’re getting wider spreads from Fed funds LIBOR today and so it is a positive. I’m just cautious about it, but it looks like we have a positive bias because of those two events in there. So it’s considering the forward curve. If you jump back to the charge-offs, the best way for me to do it is to walk through the portfolio. We are seeing increases in delinquencies and maybe charge-offs in each portfolio but we are really benefiting from the fact that our $5 billion home equity portfolio I believe was probably still at 30 basis points of loss this quarter and so its rise is very modest. The indirect auto portfolio has higher delinquencies and will move, but again it’s moving like a consumer portfolio so you can watch the increase. There are no big surprises in that movement and that’s all folded with indirect auto and other indirect lending is about another $4 billion or $5 billion. Obviously the environment is weighing a little bit on the C&I book and so we have seen for several quarters a migration there. I would expect somewhat of an upward migration in C&I but again, I don’t expect a lot of big shocks. Normal real estate -- not backed by land, so we are dealing with rent -- continues to perform very, very well. In the near term we don’t see any issues there on real estate. The issue to your point of “are we going to hover around 80 basis points” all goes back to the $2 billion in residential builder books. In any given quarter you could have one or two large credits that make your charge-off ratio jump. The way I think about that is that when you go over average of the next two or three quarters in that book there will be a lumpiness, but I think until we get through the next say several quarters on the builder construction portfolio, we’ll probably have an upward bias in terms of the charge-off rates that we’re going to see. I think again we’re just fortunate that it’s only 4% of our loan book and I don’t think it’s anything that we can’t manage ourselves through.
Ed Najarian: That was a pretty complete answer. Just one more question on the NIM if I might. If we do have further rate cuts, it looks like your deposit rates are running at pretty low levels. What do you view as your ability to continue to drop deposit rates in light of potential future Fed fund rate cuts?
Rene Jones: That’s another great question. My thought is that you’re looking at average rates that are in the books and what I do is I have to take myself back in time to when we saw Fed funds and rates go down to 1%. So we have a nice track record as to what we would expect our customer behavior to be if rates actually went that low. I think today we and other banks are probably not at that inflection point where we can’t pass a rate decrease through. If we were at 1% Fed funds we would probably start to be approaching that and that is what happened, I don’t know when it was now, four years ago or so; 2002 maybe. I’m not really worried about that today. I think the other factor that you have, even if deposit rates stay flat which there is some sense that we would like them to because we think that the deposit generation is very important to us, is that on the loan side that margins continue to widen across every single portfolio. And I don’t mean that just in terms of the stress scenario. It’s that customers are getting comfortable with just the simple fact that the market for loans out there requires higher spreads given the risk that is out there. So I think that bias over, say a year, should help us as the loan portfolios begin to roll.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Hughes - KBW.
Bob Hughes: BLG in the quarter probably cost you close to $0.10 and that does include the carrying costs in the investment, I guess. I think you mentioned that there were some restructuring costs embedded in that number in the quarter at BLG? I was wondering if you could give us a little bit more color to frame what your share in the ongoing expense base of this company might be going forward after these restructuring charges?
Rene Jones: Let me just say that it was the majority of the expenses, the loss in the last two quarters were associated with taking large amounts of severance, making sure that the selling off of inventory of loans getting down to zero or clearing out warehouse lines that weren’t needed. Most of that work is done. Underlying that is a normal operating number that we haven’t yet seen, probably because we have just gotten done with the liquidity plan. I would expect it to be substantially lower in the fourth quarter and then from there on I think we’ll probably have much more clarity as to what that will be going forward.
Bob Hughes: Not suggesting that revenues are picking up dramatically, just that the fixed expense base is curtailed a little bit?
Rene Jones: Yes. There were a lot of one-time expenses associated with that liquidity plan that you saw in the last two quarters.
Bob Hughes: I am curious to hear your thoughts also, Rene, on consolidation. I think at some point in November I am guessing that we will see some increased separation between the wheat and the chaff, there’s going to be some companies that are not qualified for TARP capital injections. Do you think we’re going to see an acceleration in M&A activity? Would you potentially be putting some of that TARP capital to use in the form of M&A?
Rene Jones: I think that relative to where we were say two or three years ago things have changed dramatically. The cost of borrowing has gone up. Notwithstanding the cost of capital has gone up. I would expect that as we get a year out the cost of regulation is going up. So if you are not an efficient operator it’s going to be hard, as a smaller institution particularly, regardless of credit quality and all that stuff to operate in that environment. I think we are entering an environment where the natural synergies outside of credit issues are just going to be higher for some time. As you know, the bank stock prices are actually much lower than they were two years ago, maybe some would say more rational. I think the environment is right, but again from our perspective we can’t predict anything. If something comes up we are ready.
Operator: Your next question is from Collyn Gilbert - Stifel Nicolaus.
Collyn Gilbert: I just wanted to clarify on the loan modifications that you mentioned, I think it was the $32 million, was that just in the residential mortgage portfolio?
Rene Jones: Yes, most of it was in that Alt-A book that we have been talking about for some time.
Collyn Gilbert: Have you done much in the way of modifications in the C&I or any of the commercial portfolios?
Rene Jones: No, nothing significant.
Collyn Gilbert: Do you anticipate doing some? How do you view that and manage that?
Rene Jones: If we get to the point where a loan moves into our classified loan book in the normal course of things that’s what you would naturally do, right? So for a troubled credit you would naturally go through that and you obviously would have your FAS 114 that would apply to those credits, so you see some of that. It’s very, very different from what we are seeing on the residential side. In the residential side there are two groups: the one I described where we are proactively looking at customers who haven’t missed a payment yet but we feel fit the risk profile that they are likely going to be under stress and we are calling them. There are also other individuals who maybe have missed the first or second payments who are calling us and telling us proactively that “I think we’re going to run into some problems, I lost my job” and so forth. So it’s very different than what you would experience on the C&I side, but you really don’t get into any kind of modification unless you are trying to actually restructure the loan because it’s actually gotten down into your classified loan book.
Collyn Gilbert: And in terms of your comment that the expectation within the resi development portfolio has the potential to have lumpy losses, can you walk through that rationale of why that is? I guess I would have anticipated losses in those portfolios to be a little bit more transparent because you see the developments, you see the drawdowns of the lines, you see what’s going on in the real estate markets around these specific projects. Can you just talk a little bit more about that?
Rene Jones: Your thinking is spot on. If you were to remove the size of the credit and look at just total projects, you probably would see a steady deterioration in residential homebuilders. If you think about the price of housing matters, but as the economy remains weak it starts to stress builders’ cash flows so in some cases you may be on projects that are not selling, but where the builder has a lot of wherewithal. As you move a year out or two years out, you get a steady migration of the weakening of those cash positions. The issue we are talking about is one credit might be $1 million and another might be $30 million. So I can’t predict the timing of any given credit and unlike the rest of M&T’s books, these will tend to be larger credits. We have a very, very granular portfolio but when you look at the size of some of these builder credits as we talked about them in the past, they are just larger.
Collyn Gilbert: Finally, if you could just give us a little bit of the economic outlook or what’s happening in the different regions of your franchise, mainly give us a little bit of color on what’s going on in upstate New York and how that’s differentiating? I mean the obvious one is on the real estate side, but stripping that out from the discussion to this point in terms of commercial activity or borrower activity. If you are seeing differences among the different regions of your franchise?
Rene Jones: Yes. I mean I will first say that as we’ve gone through particularly this past quarter and then particularly in September with all the noise, sometimes it’s hard to separate what is actual weakening of the economy versus just people being very, very nervous in their behavior, whether they are looking at the lines that they have available to them and so forth. But I think aside from that, what we tend to see is that things that existed a year ago where institutions have maybe pulled back on credit, I mean, you saw a lot of announcements, for example, in the indirect auto space this quarter where people are pulling back; even some of the large auto manufacturers and their financing arms decided to pull back. We are clearly beginning to see the stress from that but from our perspective, you probably see less of that stress and that general stress on the consumer in upstate New York and in Pennsylvania. As you move your way through the commercial book, we’ve probably seen a little bit more stress in the Pennsylvania credits. Everything that’s again related to housing, but even maybe more so as it relates to businesses that you are relying on the collateral or somehow tied to that. It’s almost hard to distinguish. I think that what we’re going to see is that our upstate New York markets and our Pennsylvania markets are going to hold up very, very well even though we’re likely to move our way into a recession. I think that we’ll probably fare okay in the mid-Atlantic but there’ll be maybe a little bit more stress for us there just simply because of the faster growing markets and there may be more issues there. I don’t know. I mean, I think all of the government intervention, all of the things that have happened are huge events that will actually help us down the road but I think those things take time and it will be a while before you begin to see those types of things take hold. I don’t know if I have any more specific color for you there. Clearly on the consumer side though the events that have happened over the last 12 months are going to weigh on the consumer.
Operator: Your next question is from Gary Paul, a private investor.
Gary Paul: I assume that the investment in Bayview Financial was a $20 billion investment from a former-now-public private equity investment company?
Rene Jones: You mean the thing that happened recently in the third quarter?
Gary Paul: Yes.
Rene Jones: Just say it again?
Gary Paul: I’ll be more specific. I read in the Financial Times of London -- though I never saw it in the Wall Street Journal -- that either Blackrock or Blackstone, I can never keep in my own mind which one is the investment manager and the other private equity investor, had made a $20 billion investment in Bayview Financial. Was that the investment you were referring to or is that a different company?
Rene Jones: That is the investment I am referring to; I’m not sure if your amount is right. The amount seems high.
Gary Paul: In any event, what leads to my question is, that doesn’t dilute your 20% economic interest in Bayview Financial?
Rene Jones: No. We had the economic interest before such investment was made.
Gary Paul: Okay, so that’s pretty good. Your original investment in Bayview was more than $280 million, wasn’t it? So are you applying the losses, or is my memory wrong, to a writedown of the investment and then hitting the income statement that way, rather than operating?
Rene Jones: Yes, you have essentially got it. The operating losses that occur at the company reduce the equity and therefore the 20% ownership interest. We record our share of the income on our income statement or loss on our income statement, that’s right.
Gary Paul: But it also works to write down your Bayview investment?
Rene Jones: Yes.
Gary Paul: Finally on your building credits in the mid-Atlantic, my experience is that a lot of builders set up separate short-term subs for different projects. I gather from the way you say some companies are much stronger than others that in general your loan is either from the high-level company or guaranteed by the high-level company?
Rene Jones: I think probably historically that’s true, but what we’ve seen over the last two quarters are what people are terming these “global solutions”. So if you were to go back to the first quarter you might have a builder with a couple of projects whether they sit in different [inaudible] or not and your project might be fine. What you are sitting there saying is maybe you have a project that’s fine and there’s another project that you have that they are a little bit weaker, but combined the two projects create enough cash flow so everything is be fine and payments can be made. When there is a global dissolution and the company declares bankruptcy, all projects -- not just those two -- are lumped together and the best projects are no longer available for the weaker project. I think what we’ve seen over the last four months, let’s say, is there is a lot more of these global solutions as banks basically just say look, we’re folding our cards, we’re going to put you under a fair amount of stress. So the old rules I think are a little bit gone there.
Gary Paul: How is anything fine that’s in construction right now in the mid-Atlantic?
Rene Jones: It is a fascinating thing. You go zip code by zip code, even two parties across the street; one will be selling and the other one will not be. I think it’s a matter of where you are. The other thing to look at Gary, there are certain counties where things are just completely overbuilt. There is just too much inventory.
Gary Paul: So there is that much disparity?
Rene Jones: Yes.
Gary Paul: Because certainly in what I see in the west there is disparity, but it’s disparity between how bad, not some good. When was the last time you increased the dividend?
Rene Jones: The third quarter 2007.
Gary Paul: If you followed your normal pattern, which you may or may not do, you would increase this quarter?
Rene Jones: We have not made any determination on the dividend.
Gary Paul: I just said if. This would be the typical quarter on the five-quarter basis if you did it -- and the key word is “if”.
Rene Jones: Typically when our board meets we make a determination on the dividend.
Gary Paul: But this is the fifth quarter then?
Rene Jones: This is five quarters from the third quarter.
Gary Paul: Okay, fine. I’m not asking you whether you are or aren’t, I’m just asking if this is the fifth quarter?
Rene Jones: I very much appreciate it.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question is from John Fox with Fenimore Asset Management.
John Fox: On your slides from September 8 you showed the investment portfolio with 2% in trust preferred securities. I am just curious, if you go through who are the issuers, are those other banks trust preferred? How are those faring in terms of the marks in the third quarter?
Rene Jones: Let me think. If you take that portfolio which I think at that date had a market value of about $200 million, I would say that maybe something like two-thirds of that portfolio came back in 1997 or 1998 when we put them on a bit of a hedge against our own trust preferred issuances. Those were a number of names. A lot of those banks don’t exist today because they were swallowed up by some of the larger entities that are out there. And then there’s probably another maybe $60 million or so that is of more recent vintages. The marks vary all across the board. Some are gains, some are in gain positions depending on the institutions and some are at negative mark situations. But as we evaluate all of those we think that what we’re seeing is probably what we would expect to see in terms of the valuation declines during a bottom of this credit cycle. We think of those payback papers as very, very long dated paper and so small movements in rates would result in a really big change in price. From our perspective, as we go through our work on the securities book and look at things like other than temporary impairment, we just come to the conclusion that we’re going to get paid. There is nothing that I am overly concerned about in there. We haven’t had any significant defaults of any kind. We had no defaults, I should say.
John Fox: That’s even better. Somebody asked about the TARP earlier in terms of the capital raising which you answered very clearly. My second question is about potentially selling assets into TARP. I mean obviously we have been talking about these homebuilder and development loans for a number of calls, it has been a source of a problem. Why not sell them, put this behind us, use capital to make regular C&I real estate loans going forward? What’s your reaction to that, Rene?
Rene Jones: What we do when we look at the builders as we work our way through them we look at the economics. Not discounting the value of the government’s program, but to the extent that if we could sell them today, we’d sell them today. In some cases we probably have actually taken that route in selling down a project as it gets to the idea that we’re going to have to choose between actually becoming developers or selling it off. I’m just not aware that there is any significant extra value versus what you get in the market. If it is existed maybe we would consider it, but it’s not really something that we have focused on.
John Fox: So you feel that you can make economic decisions on all those loans even without the government program, or sell them or whatever you need to do?
Rene Jones: This is my personal view of how it works. There are certain assets that are in a difficult position, they are not paying. A bad asset is a bad asset, whether it’s the government, no one is going to pay you a great price on that asset. The issue where I think the TARP program probably helps is that there are a whole slew of assets that are just misvalued, where there is a lot of difference between the economic value and the liquidity marks that you’re seeing out there today. In those cases, I would expect those would be the ones where there might be some incentive for government or somebody else to actually pay true value for those that are different than the current market. That’s not the case in the builder construction space.
Operator: Your next question is from Tom Persill - Viking.
Tom Persill: I was on the Fifth Third call earlier and the question was put to them in the context of whether or not they would participate in the capital raising part of the TARP, how they felt about their tangible equity which was 5.2 versus the tier 1 ratio of 8.5 and the TARP obviously would have the tier 1, but not the tangible equity. I guess I would put the same question to you guys. How do you feel about tangible equity and is your participation in the TARP at all impacted by the difference between tier 1 and tangible equity ratios?
Rene Jones: As you know, we’ve long held that tangible equity is probably, in our minds, some of the most important form of capital. In that hypothetical scenario you presented, we would be focused on making sure that we had adequate tangibles on capital. One of the things that we would think about is that you can’t just lever up the institution and only focus on tier 1 and take down intangibles. I mean that’s pretty irrational. I think that’s an open item that anybody participating in a large way probably should think about. But that is the way we think; not everybody thinks that way.
Tom Persill: A lot of banks have put out a target corridor for tangible equity to tangible assets. Do you guys have one of those targets you can share with us?
Rene Jones: For a very long time we have had a target of 5.4 and a range of 5.2 to 5.6 and we were at about 5.01 when we closed the two transactions in the first week of December. We closed two transactions, Partners Trust and a First Horizon branch deal and we put them to 5.01. We have pretty much stayed there, so ultimately when we look at our targets, we haven’t change that range; we would like to be back in that range. We have generated a fairly significant amount of capital. The difference there is probably is the FAS 114. Again the marks on the securities really are quite far apart from what we believe the economic value of those securities are. When you see that, if you look at our tier 1, we have now had since December about a 101.1% increase, percentage point increase in our tier 1 ratio even though our tangible has stayed the same. That’s because the regulators recognized that distinction between what you’re marking those securities at and what the true economic value is. So I don’t think we’re concerned about it and I think we have actually been able to absorb a lot of those securities losses and use our capital generation to keep us at about 5%. But ultimately down the road, you would probably see us back in that range.
Tom Persill: One another question on Bayview because there were earlier questions on it. If Bayview has sold a significant amount of its assets and it sounds like it has laid off a significant amount of its staff, I guess I wonder how they can possibly get to earnings levels that maybe were contemplated in early ‘07 when the investment was made now? Because it sounds like there has been a pretty significant change in the business model there.
Rene Jones: You said a lot there but I don’t think you’re thinking about it the right way. BLG has not been selling off assets. They have taken down their securities and that operation is running at a very, very low level of originations. So if you just add that on a standalone basis, obviously you would produce less income. But the value that we have is also based on the value of their other businesses and the cash flows that those other businesses generate. So just because you paid $300 million for something it doesn’t mean that it’s worth $300 million to start with. At the end of the day, you have got to make sure you’re generating enough cash flows and enough asset value to be able to justify that investment.
Operator: At this time there are no further questions. Are there any closing comments?
Donald MacLeod: As usual, I would like to thank everybody for participating today and as always, if any clarification on any of the items in the call or the news release are necessary please contact our Investor Relations department at area code 716-842-5138.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-14 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the M&T Bank second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Don Macleod, Director of Investor Relations.
Don Macleod: I'd like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's second quarter 2008 earnings conference call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you've not read the earnings release we issued earlier this morning, you may access it, along with the financial tables and schedules, from our website, www.MTB.com and by clicking on the Investor Relations link. Also before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call may contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on Forms 8-K, 10K, and 10-Q for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now I would like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, René Jones.
René F. Jones: As usual, let me begin by highlighting a few items from this morning's press release before I respond to questions. Diluted earnings per share, which include the amortization of core deposits and other intangible assets, were $1.44 in the second quarter of 2008 compared with $1.95 in the second quarter of 2007 and $1.82 earned in the linked quarter. Net income for the recent quarter was $160 million compared with $214 million in the second quarter of 2007 and $202 million in the linked quarter. Recall that the results for the first quarter of 2008 included an after-tax $29 million or $0.26 per share benefit related to the Visa IPO. Amortization of core deposits and other intangible assets amounted to $0.09 per share in the second quarters of both 2008 and 2007 and $0.10 per share in the linked quarter. There were no merger-related costs recorded in the second quarter of either 2008 or 2007, while such costs totaled $2 million or $0.02 per share in this year's first quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per share, which exclude the amortization of core deposits and other intangible assets as well as any merger-related costs, were $1.53 compared with $2.04 in the second quarter of 2007 and $1.94 in the linked quarter. In accordance with the SEC guidelines, this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results, including tangible assets and equity. Net operating income for the quarter was $170 million compared with $224 million in the second quarter of '07 and $216 million in the linked quarter. Obviously, credit was a key factor in this quarter's results, so let's start there. Nonperforming loans increased by $92 million to $587 million at the end of the recent quarter compared with $495 million at the end of the previous quarter. That increase includes $67 million of residential developer and homebuilder credits. Non-performing loans in the other commercial portfolios increased by $22 million. Taken together, nonperforming consumer loans and residential mortgages were essentially flat relative to this year's first quarter. Nonperforming loans were $296 million at June 30, 2007. The nonperforming loan ratio was 120 basis points as of the end of the second quarter compared with 100 basis points at the end of the linked quarter and 68 basis points at the end of the second quarter of '07. Foreclosed property, predominantly consisting of other real estate owned, was $53 million, flat compared with the linked quarter. This compares with $18 million at the end of the second quarter of 2007. Net charge-offs for the quarter were $99 million, up from $46 million at the end of the first quarter for an annualized charge-off rate of 81 basis points of total loans compared with 38 basis points in the linked quarter. Out of the $53 million total increase in net charge-offs from the linked quarter, $36 million came from the residential development and homebuilder portfolio relating to three credits in our Mid-Atlantic region. A provider of work force solutions and a publishing company accounted for another $11 million of the increase. As has been our practice over the past year, we continue to closely monitor and conduct frequent reviews of our residential builder portfolio. The results of our most recent review indicate continued pressure in certain counties largely within our Mid-Atlantic footprint. We have seen that the performance and valuation of each project within those counties varies widely and, as a result, additions to nonperforming and charge-offs have been a bit chunky. We would expect further migration of a portion of these credits through our classified and nonperforming loan book, however, outside of the Mid-Atlantic region, we are fortunate to have little exposure to some of the high risk or problem markets around the country, as much of our lending was contained within our core footprint. Taken together, charge-offs on consumer loans and residential mortgage loans remain relatively stable from this year's first quarter. The provision for credit losses in the second quarter of 2008 was $100 million, slightly exceeding net charge-offs. This compares with $60 million in the linked quarter and $30 million in the year ago quarter. The allowance for credit losses was $774 million, an increase to 1.58% of total loans as of June 30, 2008, up from 1.57% at the end of the linked quarter and 1.53% at the end of last year's second quarter. Loans past due 90 days but still accruing were $94 million at the end of the recent quarter compared with $81 million at the end of the sequential quarter, and this includes $89 million and $77 million, respectively, of loans that are guaranteed by government-related entities. Now turning to other parts of the income statement, taxable equivalent net interest income rose to $492 million for the second quarter, up from $485 million in the linked quarter, giving an annualized increase of 7%. The net interest margin increased by 1 basis point in the second quarter of '08 to 3.39% compared with 3.38% in the linked quarter. There were no significant items impacting the comparison of the margin with the first quarter. Average loans for the second quarter were $49.5 billion, an increase of $947 million or an annualized 8% growth from the linked quarter. By category, annualized loan growth compared to the linked quarter was as follows.  Average commercial and industrial loans grew at an annualized rate of 15%. Average commercial real estate loans grew at a rate of 11%. Average residential real estate loans grew at an annualized rate of 3%. Late in the quarter we securitized $545 million of seasoned, held-for-investment residential mortgages into Fannie Mae pass-through securities. We executed a similar transaction for some $330 million early in July. Average consumer loans declined an annualized 3%, with a slight increase in home equity lines of credit offset by a slight decrease in auto loans. Endofperiod loans as of June 30, 2008 were $49.1 billion, down an annualized 1% from the linked quarter due to the mortgage securitization I just mentioned. Excluding that securitization, end-of-period loans grew by an annualized 3%. As we discussed three months ago, our determination to focus on lending to core banking relationships within our footprint, while avoiding out-of-footprint or transactional-type businesses - or business - has moderated our loan growth from the rate we experienced in the first quarter. Deposits were another highlight of the quarter. Average non-wholesale deposits grew at an annualized rate of 10% as compared with the linked quarter, with money market, savings, and demand accounts all showing good growth, partially offset by runoff in time accounts. Through the past two quarters, we've lowered deposit rates more slowly than the overall decline in the marketplace as one component of our overall effort to grow deposit households. Turning to non-interest income, non-interest income for the second quarter of '08 was $271 million compared with $283 million in the second quarter of 2007, and was $280 million in the first quarter of '08 exclusive of the $33 million of securities gains that arose in the first quarter from the Visa IPO. Service charges on deposit accounts increased to $110 million in the recent quarter compared with $105 million in the second quarter of '07 and $103 million in the first quarter of '08. The majority of the linked quarter increase came from a return to normalized levels of consumer service charges from seasonally low levels in the first quarter. In addition, service charges for commercial customers were higher compared with the linked quarter, reflecting the reduced earnings credits being offered in today's lower interest rate environment. Mortgage banking fees remain quite resilient at $38 million for the quarter compared with $36 million in the second quarter of 2007 and $40 million in the linked quarter. The quarter's results also included a $13 million pre-tax loss from our investment in Bayview Lending Group. This figure includes M&T's pro rata portion of severance and similar expenses related to downsizing BLG's infrastructure in the current environment. We expect additional such expenses next quarter. Bayview is riding out the storm, so to speak, by contracting its level of loan originations and employing its contingency liquidity plans, as suggested at the time of our last conference call and which we further described in our first quarter 10Q. Considering these actions and for the reasons we described in detail in our first quarter 10Q, we have again concluded that it is not appropriate to consider the investment in Bayview to be other than temporarily impaired at this time. Included in securities losses for the quarter was a $6 million other-than-temporary impairment charge on one of our availableforsale investment securities. These impairment charges related to our very small holdings of mortgage-backed securities that have option ARMs as collateral. Unrealized losses on the available-for-sale security portfolio recognized through other comprehensive income were $403 million as of June 30, 2008 compared with $277 million at March 31.  Despite the increase, our tangible common equity ratio rose to 5.03% at the end of the second quarter compared with 4.94% at the end of this year's first quarter. Operating expenses, which exclude amortization of intangible assets were $403 million compared with $376 million in the second quarter of '07 and $404 million in the first quarter of 2008. The results for the first quarter of 2008 include a pre-tax $15 million benefit related to the Visa IPO. The recent quarter's results include $236 million of salary and benefits expense, a $16 million decline from the seasonally high expenses recorded in the first quarter. This is consistent with our past experience. The second quarter's results also include a $9 million partial reversal of the valuation allowance for capitalized residential mortgage servicing rights compared with a $5 million reversal in the second quarter of 2007 and a $5 million addition to the allowance in the first quarter of '08. The efficiency ratio calculated on a tangible basis, that is, excluding intangible amortization, was 52.4%, improved slightly from the linked quarter. This brings us to our outlook. The thing that gives us the most comfort in the current environment is the fact that the nationwide housing crisis hasn't really impacted our ability to generate income. The areas that we've exited, such as the mortgage offices we took over from another regional bank in 2005 or the origination of Alt-A mortgages, which we discontinued in 2007, were never important contributors to our top line. Our pre-tax, pre-provision profitability remains strong and should enable us to navigate through the current credit crunch. The fundamentals of our business remain solid, and we don't expect significant changes from the recent patterns we have experienced. We expect full-year loan growth to remain in the mid to upper single digit range, with slower growth in the second half compared to the first half. The net interest margin should be relatively stable, but could fluctuate by a few basis points in any given quarter. And we may see a moderation in mortgage banking revenues as the increase in long-term interest rates has slowed refinancing activity. Overall, however, this should have a modest impact on our non-interest income. Expenses will continue to be closely scrutinized. The primary risk we see is that the housing slowdown and the rising energy prices continue to represent a drag on the broader economy, causing credit to continue to deteriorate in areas beyond the housing industry. All of these projections are, of course, subject to a number of uncertainties, various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events, and other macroeconomic factors which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. So now I'll open up the call to questions, before which Elsa will briefly review the instructions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Steve Alexopoulos - J.P. Morgan.
Steve Alexopoulos: René, can you talk quick about your exposure to Fannie/Freddie securities? What was it at the end of the second quarter?
René F. Jones: Yes, at June 30 we have about $190 million of unsecured debt with Fannie and Freddie, and $162 million of preferred stock. All of those things are marked-to-market, so I think our exposure on that front is somewhat limited. We have, of course, out of $9 billion investment book, we have $3.5 billion of mortgage-backed securities that in some way, shape or form, have to carry government - or carry GSE guarantees. But I think on that front, everybody there is pretty much in the same boat.
Steve Alexopoulos: Could you just talk quick about the credit performance of your consumer auto loans in the quarter?
René F. Jones: Yes. I think, on the whole, relatively speaking, that was a pretty good story. If we look at our delinquencies, they're only up slightly from a year earlier on that indirect auto book. Recall that we have about a $3.6 billion portfolio of auto loans there. The charge-offs continue to rise, but albeit at a reasonable pace. And I think relative to everything else, we think it's going pretty well. Clearly there's been stories out there about the lower values of the autos, and I would expect, as you go through the option process that the severity on losses gets a little bit greater. But, quite frankly, I think we've done a pretty decent job of managing that, so it's not our top concern overall.
Steve Alexopoulos: Could we talk about what you see as your capital needs over the next couple of quarters?
René F. Jones: We're marching along as planned. I think we're doing a pretty good job of generating growth, improvements in our tangible capital. And I think that one of the things that bodes well for us, as I mentioned, is that we're still able to absorb losses and produce pretty strong growth. I think our tangible equity, common equity, tangible [RE] was 22%, which probably puts us somewhere around 13% in capital generation rate, and we'll count on that. As long as our asset growth actually remains relatively low, we'll be able to build back into our range of 5.2 to 5.6.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew O'Connor - UBS.
Matthew O'Connor: Can you just talk a little bit more about how you decide whether or not to write down BLG? It seems like there's been a loss in three, I think, of the last four quarters. You mentioned the business has been basically downsized and, we're just not seeing too many deals getting done, so just walk through how you evaluate whether it's permanently impaired or still temporary.
René F. Jones: Matt, I think the place to start is with our comments from the last call. Bayview seems to be doing all of the right things and is on track with slowing down the business in a way that really protects the franchise value. In April I think I said that if the market didn't come back in a year from now, Bayview would need an alternative business approach that is not solely dependent upon the securitization market. And really, when you think about it, there are two major factors which you'd consider in the process. One is that, first and foremost there has to be a demand out there for small, balanced commercial lending, and we believe that definitely still exists. And then Bayview has to have access to cash flow to be able to continue those operations and to fund that growth, and to the extent that they get that, either from the securitization market or some other fashion, then clearly, the business is not impaired. We can't rule out anything in the future, but at 6/30 we don't believe the investment was other than temporarily impaired.
Matthew O'Connor: And then, during my visit about a month ago, you had implied that even if you did have to write down the investment that alone would not be enough to have to raise capital.
René F. Jones: You can do the math. You've seen our performance over the last couple of quarters. We generate a fair amount of tangible capital generation so; I don't see capital raising as an issue at this time.
Matthew O'Connor: On the deposit side, it seems like you let some of the higher-cost CDs roll off while you had some good growth in the savings side. Could you just give us a little more color on what's the strategy in the deposit side and [inaudible] side overall is?
René F. Jones: We've talked about this for some time. I think the way I would like to focus on it is that if we look back over several quarters, several historical quarters, one of the things that we saw that we didn't like was that we weren't getting enough deposit growth in terms of core accounts, particularly in the Mid-Atlantic. And so over the past year we've begun to focus on a number of things that, we think will better position us over time. One of the most obvious things that you see is that, starting in the fourth quarter of last year we didn't lower rates as much as everybody as the market rate started to come down, so that obviously helped. But on the commercial side, we're doing a lot in the way of, rounding out our suite of cash management products and making sure that we're up to date there. We've done a number of things on the consumer side in terms of renovating branches and we plan to add de novo branches this year. I believe we've completed three of those through June 30 and probably are headed to do another three in the second half. So we're doing a number of things, including advertising and other things that are all pointed towards getting continued growth in our deposit households. So we're pretty pleased. With a relatively stable margin this quarter and 10% deposit growth; we think the process is working.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe: My question really is on reserve build. With provisions increasing both sequentially year-over-year, charge-offs rising, the environment not getting any better for anybody, can you just walk me through your logic? Why are you holding your reserve build constant when, for the most part, every other bank is sharply increasing their reserves in the face of a challenging environment?
René F. Jones: Ken you've got to go back to our process. And so, as we migrate loans through the book, through our different stages of our 15-grade system, we're adding an allowance as the credits migrate through the system. So, case in point, you saw an uptick in nonperformings primarily related to four credits that were in the builder space, and you also saw an uptick in the charge-offs. But much of that book, as we've been saying for some time, we've been doing, three to four reviews annually on those portfolios, which began back even more than a year ago. So a lot of that loss content is already inherent in the book, in the allowance that we have today. If you think about the builder space, we've talked about for some time that we have this about $2 billion portfolio of outstandings for residential homebuilders. I would think today that in our criticized loan book, about 25% of that book is already in our criticized loan book. Half of that is in our Mid-Atlantic portfolio. So with the work that we keep reporting on and the deep dives that we've taken into the book, we're trying to get at the loss content early. If you look back over time, what you would see is that we never really dropped our reserves in 2005 because we saw a lot of issues on the front. Remember that we were slowing our loan growth because we didn't like the structures on deals in New York City, we didn't like the pricing; quite frankly, we just didn't like what we saw. So much of what we were doing all of that time was building up our reserves over time on the credits, and many of the credits that you see today.
Ken Zerbe: I may have to follow up with this a little bit later because, I'm just looking at reserve ratio and it's up just 6 basis points year-over-year, give or take - 5 basis points year-over-year - so, we really have seen a lot in the last year.
René F. Jones: You're going to see big increases in the industry in reserves. We have a secured book. We do not have a credit card portfolio. So, look at things like coverage ratios. The loss content that you're trying to get at, we can't, sock away reserves just for the sake of socking away reserves. It's all about identifying specific loss content that you have and reserving appropriately for it.
Ken Zerbe: On your Alt-A portfolio, can you just comment about the trends there, I think some $13 million or so of losses? I think that was mostly related to Alt-A. How is that trending?
René F. Jones: If you take the way the press release was written, take the $13 million that we mentioned and the $5 million in seconds. All of that comes from our Alt-A portfolio, so the number was $18 million. That was flat with the first quarter. We've actually seen a relatively leveling off of, the loss content in that portfolio. And we've begun to see in the last two or three months a slight downtick in the delinquencies in that portfolio. So I think the best thing that we can say is that we really feel that we've got our hands around that process. We've been at it for some time now, over a year, and I think we think we've got our hands around it. We've done our work there. I would expect to see a continuation of those trends, loss estimates up or down a bit, but pretty much I would expect the loss trends to continue there for a number of quarters.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Hughes - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.
Bob Hughes: René, could you give us an update on the balances of Alt-A firsts and seconds that you have at quarter end?
René F. Jones: I can try. I think we're down to $1.1 billion now.
Bob Hughes: That's inclusive of both?
René F. Jones: Yes, that's inclusive of both. Don, do you happen to have the seconds? Bob, I just don't want to give you a wrong number. I want to give you one consistent with I think last we presented at the first quarter, we had about $67 million, in the $60 million number on the seconds, and now that's down to about $50 million, and the remainder is firsts.
Bob Hughes: René, on auto, I know it's a space you have been watching closely for some time now. Have you seen anything concerning in the floorplanning segment, and can you give us an update on how big that portfolio is? And then secondly, could you talk a little bit about SUV and pickup exposure and how you might stand relative to the industry from a concentration perspective?
René F. Jones: Just to follow up on that last one, the numbers on the seconds is $47 million, Bob. First, with the floorplan portfolio, it's really interesting. Time flies. We've been talking about that portfolio for almost three years now. I didn't realize it was that long. And because of that, through the first six months, we're in a net recovery position. The nonperforming loan book and, related to the floorplan is also down. Despite the fact that that industry continues to weaken, I just think we've done our work there. I can't rule out that as, oil prices continue to go up and the economy remains a bit slow that we won't see things get a little worse there, but I think we've really done our work in cleaning out that portfolio. I've already talked a little bit about; actually, if you look at our losses on auto floorplans, actually our nonperforming loans, we were at about $25 million in the first quarter. That's down to $16.5 million on that book. I think I've already talked about what - Bob, can you repeat the second half of your question?
Bob Hughes: The second half was just really around SUV and pickup exposure for the indirect book. From a concentration perspective, where do you stand? Is it above or below the industry level in general?
René F. Jones: Yes, I've got those numbers. I'll give them to you in a second. But they clearly, from the work that we've been doing, that position has migrated downward. Because if you think about it, we saw those two years ago, that people were getting stuck with a lot of inventory on these cars they couldn't get sold because of the gas prices moving up. If I look at where we were in May, we had about 31% of our loan book in the SUV space and 19% in the truck space. And a year ago, that was about flat - 30% and 20%. So it's remained relatively flat from that perspective. In terms of the used versus new, more of our portfolio is actually on the used side. I think two-thirds of our portfolio is used auto.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Goldberg - Lehman Brothers.
Jason Goldberg: René, you gave us, I think, a good job in terms of your expectations for loan growth, margin, expenses, the income, etc. Just any thoughts in terms of what happens with respect to charge-offs as the back half of the year plays out?
René F. Jones: We're pleased on the consumer side. The charge-off content, including the residentials, were relatively flat, and I would think that, there would be, a slight migration upward in consumer just because of the state of the economy. And then, of course, remember, as we get to the - roughly the, late third and fourth quarter, you do see a seasonal uptick in consumer charge-offs. But I think it's easy for you to get at that by just looking at year-over-year trend on the consumer side. One of the things that was unique or I'd say different about this quarter, if you remember on the call I said that charge-offs had to go up simply because we had no commercial charge-offs in the first quarter, very little. And so you saw what I would consider to be a more normal, view of a quarter, with a significant amount of commercial charge-offs. I think it's going to be hard. We've done a lot of work on the builder space, and so we have a fair amount of loans that are in our classified loan book, but those projects are performing, very different on a projectbyproject basis. So what I would guess is that we'll see some chunkiness from time to time. It's very difficult for me to predict,  exactly what's going to happen with charge-offs, but I think that, on an overall basis, I wouldn't expect charge-offs or nonperforming levels to abate significantly.
Jason Goldberg: And then just do you have what your Tier 1 capital ratio was for 2Q?
René F. Jones: I can give you an estimate. I think I've estimated Tier 1 at 776, so up, I don't know, we were probably at 760 or something like that at the end of the first quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management.
John Fox: René, could you just repeat, when you were talking about NPLs, I think you gave the increase for the residential builders and the other, and then a total for residential mortgages, so could you just repeat that information, please?
René F. Jones: Yes.
John Fox: Are you talking about residential, building and developers up $67 million?
René F. Jones: What we said is that, yes, $67 million of the $92 million increase was in the residential, developer and homebuilder credits. And then the other commercial portfolios increased by $22 million, and then there was virtually no change in the consumer and residential mortgages combined.
John Fox: And you gave a number of $296 million. That's the total amount of NPLs.
René F. Jones: A year ago, so at 6/30 it was $587 million, up from $495 million at March 30.
John Fox: And what were nonperforming assets?
René F. Jones: Total nonperforming assets were $640 million, up from $547 million at the end of the first quarter.
John Fox: In terms of Bayview, on the income statement, is this the run rate? Is there something unusual? You mentioned there was some severance. What is their run rate at this point for Bayview?
René F. Jones: As they work their way to getting down to a steady state level that they can continue to operate at, we should probably see, next quarter should look a lot like this quarter that we've seen. But all of that includes loss content that has worked to get them to a lower loss rate. And so I think by the time you get to the fourth quarter, you'll see a more normalized run rate for the company.
John Fox: That would be a loss rate, but at a lesser amount?
René F. Jones: That's a good guess.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin - Banc of America Securities.
Ken Usdin: René, I was wondering if you could just go a little bit deeper into, the outlook for credit, not so much on a provision or charge-off basis but just, how are you thinking about the broader economy in terms of the non-builder exposure? What are you seeing by way of small businesses, middle market companies, and non-residential real estate? How deep are we getting here and to the extent those problems are really just going to start to occur that haven't to date?
René F. Jones: Setting builder aside, let's set the residential aside, because we've talked a lot about that. I think we've seen in the business banking space or in the smaller C&I credits, a steady migration up in those portfolios. Not different from what anybody else has been talking about in the industry, albeit, though, I think we're starting from slightly lower levels. My guess is that, particularly with the price of oil and inflation out there, I think that you're going to continue to see that migrate up. I think you probably will see something, more migration in the C&I loan book, although we haven't seen a big move in that as of late. So that's probably out there on the horizon. If we were sitting here six months from now and talking about a move in our classified loan book or in our nonperformers, we would then be looking at loss content in '09. We haven't seen it yet, but I wouldn't be surprised to see that happen. The commercial real estate space has been outside of builder has been very solid to date, and we again are pretty pleased with the underwriting that we did over the years there.
Ken Usdin: On your nonresidential, so you're not really seeing any leakage into even housing-related type of areas, like retail or office?
René F. Jones: Not at this time.
Ken Usdin: On the builder book, you mentioned you've gone through $2 billion book quite a few times but,  how far along do you think, in terms of really recognizing the NPLs just what do you think is through the book as - what proportion of the book do you feel is really through the book versus pending NPLs? Where is that book as far as its migration status, as far as you think from a, getting from Point A to Point Z?
René F. Jones: You saw the three charge-offs that we had. Two of those were on credits that we had talked about in the past. And really what the issue was on those two credits was that the amount of spring sales was even slower in the last, couple of months than our base case was. And so across the board we're seeing slower sales, and that means that there have to be price adjustments down in order to hit a price point where they're going to be able to move the properties. If you look at the third , I'm giving you color on the types of things that are in the book - the third large charge-off was really a land acquisition and pre-development loan. So you've got unimproved and - raw and unimproved land there. And really what you're looking at on those particular cases is if the builder, doesn't have the wherewithal to support the project, then land values are pretty low these days, maybe 40% to 50%. So we've taken all of that into account. We've just completed in May our most recent review. And to put that into perspective, we reviewed primarily the Mid-Atlantic portfolio, which at 6/30 was $586 million of outstandings. Half of that book is criticized. And we reviewed - primarily focused on our East portfolio, which is $195 million of outstandings, and that actual portfolio has held up much better. So I think what you're going to see is that, clearly you will learn more of, you'll see more charge-offs, you'll see more nonperformers, but from our perspective in going through that review in May, from our internal perspective, we didn't see a lot of new credits. It's just that a lot of things got a bit weaker. I would guess that we're going to have to see a couple of quarters like the one we've seen, and it'll take some time to get ourselves through that book. But keep in perspective; I said 25% of that book has already been classified. That number represents just 1% of our loan book. We're going to see this. It'll take some time. I don't know, two, three quarters. We'll slug through it just like we slugged through the auto. But on the whole, relative to the size of M&T, we don't think it'll be  it's anything to be overly concerned about.
Ken Usdin: And just to clarify the numbers there again, 25% of the whole builder book is classified? I just want to make sure I have that number right. You said half of Mid-Atlantic is criticized, but then you said 25 -
René F. Jones: Yes, let me be real specific on that. So if you look at our about $2.1 billion of total outstandings there, 25% of that book is in our criticized loan book. Almost all of that is in, the subset, the $1 billion that we call, that's managed out of our mortgage division. And 50% of that classified loan book is in the middle - 57% - sorry, 47% of that book I'm talking about, the criticized loan book - is in the Mid-Atlantic. So it's very concentrated.
Ken Usdin: With the buildup in the unrealized losses this quarter - and you mentioned you only had one security that was temporarily impaired - can you give us just the outlook of, what it really takes as far as spread movements to, cause these temporary impairments to go more of a permanent status?
René F. Jones: We've got a $9 billion securities book. We take, on every security, we look at all of the underlying collateral, and we take a look at the delinquencies 30, 60, 90 days, and apply some expectation of what will happen to that underlying collateral. We've gotten pretty good at that because it's one of the side benefits of having that residential mortgage book. We've gotten pretty good at being able to predict what's going to happen when a loan, goes into its 30 days delinquent. So we take those estimates, and we run out what we believe to be, a lifetime loss on the securities book, on the collateral. And then we compare that against the enhancements. So in our internal rules, any security that has less than 2.5 times coverage, so its enhancement is less than 2.5 times the expected loss rate - we put that on our watch list. At June 30, that watch list was just about $77 million out of a whole book of $9 billion, and this $6 million came from that, right? And if you look at it, what's interesting about it is if you look at the loss content on that - so this particular bond was $6.5 million. It was trading at $0.10 to $0.15 on the dollar. And the collateral, it was collateralized with a pool of option ARMs. Interestingly enough, they were high FICO. They were low LTV. However, the delinquency rate on that pool was really increasing dramatically, particularly over the last few months. And so our coverage on that particular bond was probably as low as - I think it might be 0.7%, so below 1% overall coverage. What is helpful to us is that out of that entire book, we only have about $19 million of mortgage-backed securities that have option ARMs as collateral, so $19 million out of a $9 billion book. So we feel pretty good about it. But as the coverage ratio drops on those projections, even though there's no loss content today, we would consider taking the investment other than temporary impaired. Yes. And again, in this particular case there hasn't been any lapse in payment.
Operator: Your next question comes from Collyn Gilbert - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.
Collyn Gilbert: René. I think you had said at one point you were combining through the loan portfolio and trying to assess the balance of borrowers that are somehow tied to real estate, whether it would be, plumbing or whatever the industry that would be tied to real estate. Have you finished that process and, if so  or can you give any color as to what that exposure might be?
René F. Jones: We're still in the process of doing that. We actually want to go through and look at our residential exposure, by zip code. But really, I think today a good estimate of that would be $2 to $2.5 billion in terms of residential.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Davis - Ftn Midwest Securities Corp.
Jeff Davis: Has the institution been contacted by the FDIC or other regulators regarding M&T being approved to acquisition failed institutions? If so, do you all have any interest in doing so? Are you expecting much within your footprint that might become available?
René F. Jones: It sounds funny but it's almost the standard [Willie Loman], some of those questions nobody's calling. So the answer there is no. But, we're always ready. We would be cautious. We think today, in today's environment, you'd have to do your work and your due diligence, but the idea of a potential opportunity, if it were to come our way, we would be interested.
Jeff Davis: I was thinking more of just a straight deposit assumption-type deal as opposed to having to take the credit risk on the left-hand side of the balance sheet.
René F. Jones: Yes, yes. No calls today.
Operator: Your next question comes from Al Savastano - Fox-Pitt, Kelton Cochran Caronia Waller.
Al Savastano: Can you give us some color on what the severity on the homebuilder portfolio has been, and do you expect that trend to continue? And then secondly, on the Bayview investment in securities you have, can you give us an idea of what the collateral is and what the market is on that as well?
René F. Jones: It really varies on a case-by-case basis. One of the things we also did this quarter is we did a hard review of all of our appraisals. And in some cases, the case where, you've got a troubled project and its raw and unimproved land, you could be looking at [$0.40] to $0.50 on the dollar for those. Having said that, the appraisals that we've seen have been all over the board. If you look at projects that are in basically the same country or same proximity, you're getting valuations that vary widely based on in part on the performance of the project, but it's also, in some cases I think we've got some pretty conservative appraisals that are out there. But, the most severe march would be on unimproved land that is out there. I think with respect to Bayview, we probably have somewhere in the neighborhood of $400 million in outstanding bonds. The largest of those is something that we purchased in the last fall which was a security backed mostly by residential mortgages, some subprime, some Alt-A, some normal prime credits, and that was for about $300 million at that point in time. Those loans have paid down considerably. I think we probably on that one particular case are down to somewhere around $230 million in just that first six or seven months. So they seem to be performing very well, they have a very high level of coverage. The other small portions that we have were prior to our relationship with, our equity relationship with Bayview Lending Group. We had purchased a number of their small balance commercial securities. I'm going to say that that's in the neighborhood of $100 million or less that we have there, and all of those are performing well. And that collateral is very similar to the types of collateral that BLG is issuing today, that's the securities that they're issuing today.
Al Savastano: Just to clarify, in Bayview there's no straight debt. It's all secured by some real estate?
René F. Jones: I believe that that is true. Yes, I think that's true. Yes, absolutely, that is absolutely the case. So most of your risk is just the simple underlying collateral there.
Al Savastano: Just going back to the severities, can you give us some color on the residential construction side and the severity you've seen this quarter? You gave us the land and you said the land severities can be anywhere from $0.40 to $0.50 on the dollar in terms of value. How about on the residential construction side?
René F. Jones: It just depends. It’s all over the board. There is no consistency whatsoever. Particularly, the way we've in my comments I talked about that we were seeing some difficulty in a number of counties. As you move from one county which might be completely oversold to another that is not, the valuations, could be standing up very, very well. So it really is on a case-by-case basis, and you have to get right down to the county level to be able to distinguish anything there. Al, back to your other question, outside of Bayview Lending Group, we do have an unsecured - I'm sorry, we have a secured loan to Bayview Financial, which is the 80% owner of BLG, and that's also secured by residential real estate and/or residuals.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Tamesha Anderson] - Dreyfus.
Tamesha Anderson: Could you just give a comparison of the homebuilder book in terms of exposure, nonperformers, and charge-offs from the linked quarter and from the year ago quarter?
René F. Jones: If you were to look at charge-offs, we had $38.3 million in charge-offs this quarter. Last quarter that would be $3 million, and in the fourth quarter that would have been about $4 million, nothing before that. On the nonperformers, we are currently at about $163 million in nonperforming loans. Last quarter that was about $95 million, and a year ago that would have been about $37 million.
Operator: There appear to be no further questions at this time.
Don Macleod: I'd like to thank you all for participating today, and, as always, if clarification of any of the items in the call or the news release is necessary, please call our Investor Relations Department at 7168425138. Thank you.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-16 15:00:00) =====
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the M&T Bank First Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions)  It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Don Macleod, Director of IR.
Don Macleod: Thank you, Natasha, and good afternoon everyone. This is Don Macleod and I’d like to thank everyone for participating in M&T’s First Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call, both by telephone and through the webcast. I hope everyone has had an opportunity to read our earnings release issued this morning. If you’ve not read our earnings release, you may access it, along with the financial tables and schedules, from our website at www.mtb.com and by clicking on the Investor Relations link. Also, before we start, I’d like to mention that comments made during this call may contain forward-looking statements pertaining to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings including those found on Forms 8K, 10K and 10Q for complete discussions of forward-looking statements. Now, I’d like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, René Jones.
René Jones: Thank you, Don, and good afternoon everyone. As Don mentioned, I’m sure you got a chance to review this morning’s press release. I’d like to highlight and expand upon a few items from that release before I respond to questions. Diluted earnings per share, which includes the amortization of core deposits and other intangible assets, were $1.82 in the first quarter of 2008, compared with $1.57 in the first quarter of 2007 and $0.60 found in the late quarter. Net income for the first quarter of 2008 was $212 million, compared with $176 million a year earlier and $65 million earned in the sequential quarter. The company’s results in the recent quarter were 85 membership interests in Visa. M&T Bank and many other large banks received shares of stock in Visa in collection with Visa’s initial public offering. Member banks were required to redeem portions of their shares in the recent quarter which, in M&T’s case, resulted in an after-tax gain of $20 million, or $0.18 of diluted earnings per share. Visa also established an escrow account to cover the pending litigation costs prior to distributing shares to its owners. As a result, the company was able to reverse a portion of the accruals that dampened our results in the fourth quarter of 2007, equal to our estimated share of those escrow balances. That amounted to $9 million after tax, or $0.08 of diluted earnings per share. Visa then added $29 million to the company’s first quarter net income or $0.26 of diluted earnings per share. Amortization of core deposits and other intangible assets amount to $0.10 per share in the first quarter of 2008 and 2007, and $0.09 per share in the fourth quarter of 2007. In addition, the first quarter results included after-tax merger-related costs of $2 million or $0.02 per share, which relates to the Partners Trust acquisition and the First Horizon branch transaction. There were after-tax merger-related costs of $9 million or $0.08 per share in the fourth quarter of 2007. No such costs were recorded in 2007’s first quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per share, which excludes the amortization of core deposits and other intangible assets, as well as, merger-related costs that I mentioned, were $1.94, up 16% from $1.67 in the first quarter of 2007 and up from $0.77 from the late quarter. This morning’s press release contains the reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results including tangible assets and equity. Net operating income for the first quarter was $216 million, up from $187 million in the first quarter of 2007 and $84 million from the late quarter. Now, turning to the income statement, taxable-equivalent net interest income rose to $485 million for the first quarter, up from $476 million from the late quarter, giving an annualized increase of 7%. The net interest margin declined seven basis points in the first quarter of 2008 to 3.38% compared with 3.45% in the late quarter. Some of the items contributing to that decline are as follows: Three basis points of decline are related to the full quarter run rate impact of the mergers of Partners Trust and First Horizon branch acquisition, completed late in the fourth quarter. Another four basis points of the decline related to the issuance of $400 million of subordinated debt at the end of November 2007 and the issuance of $350 million of Trust Preferred Securities, which qualifies Q1 capital in this year’s first quarter. Excluding the acquisitions, our loan rates remain robust if overall impact on earnings assets and margins pressure, which minified decline in short-term money market assets and investment securities. Turning to loans: The high-level growing and average loans for the quarter represent in part the carry-over effect of the strong end-of-period growth that we experience in last year’s fourth quarter. Average loans for the first quarter were $48.6 billion, an increase of $2.5 billion from the late quarter. The acquisitions accounted for $600 million of that late quarter bill. Excluding acquisitions, average loans grew an annualized rate of 17% from last year’s fourth quarter. By category, annualized loan growth, compared with the late quarter and excluding the impact of acquisitions, is as follows: Average commercial and industrial loans grew at an annualized rate of 20%. Average commercial real estate loans, including owner-occupied, grew at a rate of 33%. Average residential real estate loans declined at an annualized rate of 14%. The decline was seen in both mortgages held for investment, as well as, mortgages held for sale. The average consumer loans grew by 6%. Home equity loans and lines of credit essentially remained flat during the full year. We remained focused on lending to our four banking relationships within our footprints. We have led them to empathize the transactional-type business. For example, we have slowed originations in all the loans and the consumer business services. At the end of period loans as of March 31, 2008, were $49.3 billion up an annualized 11% and this reflects the trend towards mid to high single digit growth anticipated to the remainder of 2008. Excluding acquisitions, core deposits grew at an annualized rate of 7% and comparable with the late quarter with most of that increase in money market savings products, partially offset by run off and time accounts. Through the past two quarters, we have lowered deposit rates more slowly than the overall decline in the marketplace. In terms of credit, the provisions for credit loss is in the first quarter of 2008 with $60 million and exceeded charge-offs by $14 million. Non-performing loans totaled $495 million at the end of the recent quarter, compared with $447 million at the end of the previous quarter and $273 million at the end of the first quarter of 2007. The increase in non-performing loans from the late quarter includes $11 million are full-plan credit, $11 million are residential homebuilder credit, and $17 million are residential mortgages. The non-performing loan ratio was exactly 1% at the end of the first quarter, compared with 93 basis points at the end of the late quarter and 63 basis points at the end of the first quarter of 2007. Net charge offs for the quarter were $46 million, representing an annualized rate of 38 basis points of total loans. This compares to 46 basis points in the late quarter or 33 basis points after adjusting the last quarter’s change and charge off policy. Allowance for credit losses increased to $774 million and was 1.57% of total loans as of March 31, 2008. This compared to an allowance ratio of 1.58 at the end of the late quarter and 1.52 at the end of last year’s first quarter. Loans past due 90 days, or still occurring, were $81 million at the end of the recent quarter compared with $77 million at the end of 2007. This includes $77 million and $73 million respectively of loans that are guaranteed by government-related entities. Turning to non-interest income, non-interest income for the first quarter of 2008 was $313 million dollars, compared with $236 million in the first quarter of 2007 and $160 million in the fourth quarter of 2007. The recent quarter includes a $33 million gain from the sale of stock arising from the Visa IPO noted earlier. Service charges on deposit accounts were $103 million during the recent quarter reflecting a seasonal decline from $106 million in the fourth quarter of 2007. Service charges increased by $9 million from last year’s first quarter. $3 million of that increase relates to the Partners Trust and First Horizon acquisitions. Service charges for commercial customers were higher, reflecting reduced earnings credit being offered in today’s lower-interest rate decline. Mortgage banking fees were $40 million for the first quarter, compared with $31 million in the late quarter and $14 in the first quarter of 2007. Recall that last year’s first quarter results included $18 million of charges arising from mortgages. As we previously discussed in our 10-K, mortgage banking revenues in the first quarter of 2008 include a $7 million acceleration of income of resulting from the implementation of Staff Accounting Bulletin 109. The quarter’s results also include a $1 million loss from our investment in baby lending groups. As most of you are aware, the commercial mortgage rep’s market essentially came to a halt during the quarter. It spreads wide in to the point that securitizations are not economically viable in the current environment. While BLG securitizations is $664 million of loans during the quarter, there were not sufficient amount of securities sellers to recognize to sales treatment because no gain on sales revenues from loan securitizations was recorded. As part of their contingency liquidity plan, BLG restructured support securities contract and some viable contracts and a their quarter to gain of this transaction. The BLG results for the first quarter include enmities for a share of that gain of approximately $9 million. Going forward, while the dislocation in the CNBS market persists, we would expect our results to reflect enmity 20% share of any operating losses from BLG. Operating expenses, which includes the merger-related charges and amortization of intangible assets, were $404 million compared with $381 in the first quarter of 2007 and $415 in the fourth quarter of 2007. Last year’s fourth quarter results include the $23 million pre-tax charge relating to the Visa litigation. As I just mentioned, the recent quarters expected include a $15 million partial reversal of the Visa-related litigation accrual. The quarter’s results also include seasoning high salaries and badges expense, which includes accelerator recognition of equity compensation expense or for certain retirement eligible employees, as well as, prior strike expense, prior unemployment insurance expense and other expenses that are related to salary. In final, these expenses account for some $20 million prior in the late quarter. This is consistent with our experience in each of the past two years. Expenses also reflect the full quarter impact of the before mentioned acquisitions. First quarter results included $5 million addition to the evaluation allowance for capitalized residential mortgage servicing rates, compared to $2 million additional allowance in the fourth quarter of 2007 and the $1 million reversal in that evaluation allowance in the first quarter of 2007. This brings us to outlook. The ongoing disarray in the financial market and the continued weakening of the economy make forecasting actually a fool’s game. It is very important to remember that an added score enmity in the traditional community bank. Everyday, enmity bankers help their customers by making loans, taking deposits, and from writing a variety of banking services across our seven-state banking business. We are optimistic with regards to all of those activities. We expect overall loan growth to be tampered so much than the robust level of experience over the past two quarters. Our goal is for percentage growth in the mid to upper single digits with strengthened commercial and commercial real estate loans, lightly offset by little or no growth in consumer loans and residential mortgages. Similarly, we expect to remain focused on doing our deposits as a result of this quarter. We expect net interest margins for the full year of 2008 to remain under modest pressure. As always, expenses will be carefully managed, particularly through realizing that merger synergies arising from the Partners Trust acquisition. As we usually do, we’re planning on delivering a positive equity expense credit in the coming year. Charge offs, while manageable, are likely to continue to trek higher through 2008 is evident by the increasing non-performing loans. We remain very proactive with regard to our outstanding mortgage and residential construction portfolios. With respect to capital, at present we have no plans to repurchase stock until our tangible capital ratio is rebuilt to our target range of 5.2 to 5.6. And all of these projections are, of course, subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding national and regional economic growth: Changes in interest rates, vertical events and other economic factors which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. We’ll now open the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions)  Your first question comes from Ken Zerbe of Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe: I was a little surprised to see that your reserve ratio actually declined on a sequential basis by even though it’s one basis point, given the most of the banks that we’re seeing are increasing their reserve ratios this quarter. Could you please talk a little about your philosophy or your methodology in terms of what led to the 157?
René F. Jones: Yes, I always start off with answering that question that we have a very, very consistent conservative approach that we’ve used and not changed over time. And so, eventually if what we’re trying to measure and the losses that are inherent to the portfolio, and so in end, from period to period, as we look at the classified long book and in this environment as it migrates off the grading scale, we continue to provide more for those individual loans. And to the extent that we are seeing the trends in our books that we already knew existed and already provided, so we wouldn’t provide again. So, essentially, we’ll continue to over-provide because we think the credit environment continue to deteriorate. At times, you’ll see that it’s not the ratio necessarily that matters. It’s really what you have on the line in your book and how much coverage you have.
Ken Zerbe: Okay, great, and maybe you could provide a brief update where you stand with the Billy through Alt-A portfolio in terms of how much reserves you have set up against this still or at this point and the balance that is remaining on this. And your plans going forward for it?
René F. Jones: The Alt-A portfolio still rounds to $1.2 billion. In our numbers, I believe in total residential mortgages, we had about $18 million of charge offs in the quarter. Almost all of that is related to that Alt-A portfolio. We’ve can’t specifically talk about the reserve we have there but we do have it on 10K, the level of reserves on overall real estate, and you can get a sense for the place where we’ve actually added to our reserves over the course of the year. That’s probably on to the more significant areas that we’ve added to the reserve on. In our outlook, that we would continue to expect to see the level of losses that we saw in the first quarter. I think what’s probably most important about the charge offs and thinking about the fact that we think they will continue to trek up there’s really two factors. If you look into our charge off books, which I said was $46 million of charge offs, there were only two large commercial loans in that. There was a $2 million charge off related to a commercial builder and then there was one $1 million charge off related to a commercial loan. And that’s pretty low, I think, given the current operating environment. If you put back to the residential, recall what we did in the fourth quarter. Essentially, going into the fourth quarter, we had a policy that we would take the charge off at disposition essentially—a foreclosure disposition—of the housing asset, the mortgage. And what we did is we changed that policy and moved it back to 150 days, which essentially means you’re making an estimate of a partial charge off than what you think will actually happen at disposition. And when you do that, you’re actually accelerating your charge offs quite a bit. So, as we look at the book, we think the performance really hasn’t changed dramatically from what we thought what our assumptions were at December. But having said that, our objective is to just sort of take a lifetime loss number on that pool of $1.2 billion. Our objective is to work through it as fast as possible, to the extent that losses are higher than they were in the fourth quarter in that book. It’s simply because we’re working through that book and trying to get through that static pool of loss.
Ken Zerbe: Maybe talk about the credit performance of your four-plan portfolio-type; if I heard you correctly, I think you said you had another $11 million towards NPL this quarter.
René F. Jones: Yes, we had one credit for about $12.5 to $13 million and it was a division which was out of trust and I don’t know much more to say, but the rest of the book continued to actually pay down, are the non-performance that actually come down. I think the way to think about that portfolio is as the economy weakens and as the auto center particular has trouble, you might see one or two more. But as we said on the last call, we did a [inaudible] at the portfolio over the last two years and we’ve been able to take out most of the weaker links in credits from that portfolio. So, I think we’re not overly concerned there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Alexopoulos from JP Morgan.
Steven Alexopoulos: First, in terms of the mortgage guidance you gave, are you saying full year modest pressure from the 338 from this quarter? Is that what you’re saying?
René F. Jones: Yes, I guess that’s what I’m saying. If you look at our profile, we kind of have very similar profiles. We assets-sensitive so at a 200 rate down, we lose $17 million over the course of the year. And then on a 200 up, it’s almost neutral. It’s negative $1.5 million. But if you think about that, the idea that you’d actually have a 200 balance from where rates are today is pretty nil, right? So I think that our position is sort of a modest down. I think we’re tempering the loan growth a bit, so that should take a bit of pressure off. And then, the other factor that you have out there is that when rates have dropped as fast as they have in the last three months, it’s very difficult for your time deposit pressure to catch up, right? So, it’s locked in. So, I think it’s a rate-stop-dropping will be in that sort of modest downward pressure. I wouldn’t expect to see big significant drops but the modest downward pressure.
Steven Alexopoulos: Looking at your cost of CD’s across the quarters, I think this was the biggest drop we’ve seen on a quarter-to-quarter basis. How much do you think is left there and the ability to lower out your CD rates from here?
René F. Jones: This is probably most banks but if you think back a year and a half ago, a consumer would not go longer than a year. So, most people who have time accounts will accept about a year in duration, not much more. Probably less, right? So I think for some time now you’re going to begin to see those books run off and then the question really becomes what length of maturity you going to start to put back on the books. And we’ve seen some advertise for longer than a year in this environment. If that helps…
Steven Alexopoulos: And a final question: There was news out there in the quarter, that Day View, I think that there was some subsidiary was cutting staff. Can you talk about what the outlook is there the next couple of quarters and do you think they’ll at least be able to cover their expenses?
René F. Jones: Yes, I think I covered it a little bit but I guess the way I would describe it is that through the Fall, they were selling securities as the market got worse but when nobody else. And we got to January; they sort of entered the market with two securitizations in a 30-day period. They were able to sell probably half of that book but as you get to February, the markets have frozen up quite a bit. So, they’re clearly into their backup liquidity plan. Part of that plan—it’s a fairly robust plan using sources to fund any inventory that they have and then forward sales contracts which they have out there that they could use to place securities. I guess the first place to start is that there are very little inventory overhang. And the primary reason is that they’ve been slowing their volume by tightening other standards probably since December. So the volume there has come down a fair amount and they seem to be doing a pretty good job. So, I guess with any of these businesses, a lot depends on whether we’re out here a year from now; we’re still in an environment where you can securitize. But today, they seem to be doing all the right things to manage the business.
Operator: Next question comes from Matt O’Connor of UBS.
Matt O’Connor: The one question I have was your investment of $300 million. Just remind us how that valued and at what point would you test if for permanent impairment and might have to take a write down.
René F. Jones: We paid $300 million for an interest in Bayview and I think our view of that investment is that we were trying to put ourselves into a place where we could learn the securitization market and we could position ourselves for a very long time. Clearly, when you have the kind of destruction that you’ve seen in the last 60 days, you can’t make an investment like that without planning for the best that that might happen for some period of time. So, it’s really been too short to tell and we think that the franchise value of Bayview is also there and we need to let them work through their process as clearly they’re doing.
Matt O’Connor: Okay, and I think we’re all hoping the securitization market open up to some extent but if we just fast-forward a year from now and they haven’t, there are a lot of issues we’ve got to deal with but one of them might be they’ll have to lie down that $300 million.
René F. Jones: Yes, if the markets do not open a year from now, they’ll have to have an alternative business plan.
Matt O’Connor: Okay, and then just off to a different topic. You mentioned you raised some trust deferred to this quarter and I kind of reconciled what your tier one is right now. Is it about a 7.5% range?
René F. Jones: Yes, that’s probably near there. Maybe between 7.5% and 7.6%, I would guess, but I don’t have that in front of me.
Matt O’Connor: Okay, so just how should we think about your capital ratios? They obviously generate very high returns on your capital and your low portfolios are more granular, but it seems like there’s pressure everywhere to increase the capital ratio.
René F. Jones: Yes, I think our regulatory capital ratios are strong. I think that what we want to do is get our tangible ratios back into the range and I think that’s sort of our mission as we go forward. From a practical standpoint, think about where we were two years ago. We weren’t buying investment securities because they didn’t make sense. We were running off our loans working in direct auto with the New York City real estate because the spreads were too thin. Today, that’s not the case at all and the idea that we would be buying back shares as opposed to using it for the opportunities to book loans when they’re back in high return. It doesn’t make much sense, right. So our view is that we’ll be opportunistic and probably shy away from share buybacks, at least in the near term. And we’ll continue to build capital for opportunities.
Matt O’Connor: Okay, that’s actually a good [inaudible] to my last question. When I think about banks out there, the navigators downturn well so far, you come to mind. My guess is you’d have access to additional capital if you would need to do something opportunistic. So, just talk about how you think about acquisitions out there and specifically, the question I think I’m forming is when there’s distressed assets for sale—this could be stepping up and to the effect that [inaudible] to step up.
René F. Jones: We’re a full community bank and to the extent that there are opportunities out there that have to do with strengthening our community bank profiles, then we’ll be very selfish on that. But to the extent that there are issues out there where you’re able to buy distressed assets that are in [inaudible] transaction, it’s really not the business that we’re in. So, nothing has really changed for us. We plan to look for partners that fit our profile, that are interested in staying in the banking business, and then typically, in and around our footprints. So, no change in the way we think of things and we are more than capable of doing something if it should arise.
Matt O’Connor: And some of the bigger names from the bigger banks has obviously been the headlines as potentially seeking partners but I think a lot of smaller community banks that may be on your radar screen are not on the rest of ours. Are you seeing similar pressures there or interest there for bank management to partner up?
René F. Jones: I think that people are focused on risk management and making sure that they have good capital and are monitoring their credit portfolio, and they’re not spending a ton of time—I think you’re spending a ton of time focusing internally. That’s just what we see.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Rubin of The Boston Company.
Bill Rubin: Back on the topic of credit, specifically, traditional C&I lending credit. I’m just wondering whether you’re seeing any early signs of deterioration there. And if so, which end markets or which industries of any are showing a weakness? Can you talk to that?
René F. Jones: We’ve talked about auto for some time now and even though we’ve been talking about it for two years, that industry continues to weaken. So, I think we’ve got to be careful and look out there. Anything related to housing is weakened, whether you’re talking about suppliers of lumber or anything of those types of things. There’s clearly been a slowdown in those markets. I think, overall, when we’ve talked about particular things like residential mortgages or builder construction, all along our conversations had been that the credit cycle and that’s because we’ve seen migration of problems. All of our products—and none of that are really slow. I think those specifics that I would expect us to have to remain very cautious across all of our portfolios. Nothing that jumps up as any different from the trends we’ve actually been seeing for the past year.
Bill Rubin: So, you wouldn’t argue there’s any acceleration going on at this juncture?
René F. Jones: Hard to say an acceleration but clearly there’s an increasing rate of weakness across all portfolios.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gaurav Patankar from SuNova Capital.
Gaurav Patankar: Hi, guys. Congratulations for the quarter. Real quick—in terms of the spread wide main on the commercial loans and the incremental commercial production, can you comment a little bit about the trends that you’re seeing, especially the New York City commercial real estate, assuming that now most of your blinds would be shut down of securitization market? And how much of that could translate into [inaudible] for the name in the rest of the year?
René F. Jones: I think that one thing to watch for us is if you skip the manager’s margin and you look at the manager’s spread that we report, clearly you will see to the extent that loans are being put on at a wider spread. You’ll see it in the spread and one of the things that obviously we get is the margin is simply the lower cost of refund. So, clearly across our books, one of the ways that the long growth will be slower is by having appropriate market prices in there. And I don’t know how to say it—they’re wider but they didn’t mention how much wider. I don’t know if that makes much sense.
Operator: Your next question comes from Collyn Gilbert of Stifel Nicolaus.
Collyn Gilbert: Just ask you a couple questions on some comments you made specifically. When you were talking at one point about credit, you had referred to a static pool of loans that you want to work through as fast a possible. Is that the—roughly by my calculations off of what you said on the last quarter’s call—like $95 to $96 million in the—well, actually, no. That would have been my view. What was the static pool of loans to which you’re referring?
René F. Jones: I was referring to the pool of Alt-A loans that mortgages were $1.2 billion and that in particular, what we’ve said in the past, is that there is about 150 million of those that really has a higher loss content. $60 to $70 million of that $150 is related to second mortgages and the remainder of that $150 is really scratch-and-dent or fairly delinquent loans that we had originated and weren’t available a year ago. So, it’s very concentrated and remember, we’re not in the business of sort of originating all the paper, or lack of a better term, we got stuck holding the bag when we were securitizing that. And we decided to hold on to our balance sheet. So, at this point, it’s just a matter to working through that defined pool of loans.
Collyn Gilbert: Okay, you’ve identified that $150 now for a while but it doesn’t seem as if it’s really migrated into significant loss rate. So, I guess I’m just to trying to gage what the potential loss rate really is on that, or if you think it’s fairly controlled?
René F. Jones: For a long time we’ve said that our losses are manageable and I guess the way to think about it is—from your perspective, that’s absolutely right what you think about it. It’s a mild percentage of our portfolio and that the reason for it is that it’s only one $1 billion out of our $50 billion loans, right? But, that you flip it around and look at the absolute [inaudible], losing $18 million in a quarter on a $1 billion loan book in our mind is something that’s a free trouble portfolio.
Collyn Gilbert: Okay, and then just quickly back to Bayview. I just wanted some clarification. When you spoke about—you said $9 million gain came through this quarter. Can you just clear that again and how that spends factors in—if we net that out, what that means for what the loss would have been for the quarter?
René F. Jones: Understand, you had to go back to August of 2007 and there was all of that destruction and we were unable to securitize at least initially. They weren’t able to securitize initially, complete the transaction. Well, as you look at that market at that point in time, one of the things they did to beef up their liquidity plan was to center a number of forward contracts to make sure that they could deliver securities going forward. And as you think about it, essentially what they did is they provide sort of a [?] box in the case that the economic environment would turn worse. And it turned worse and so that they exercised those contracts to provide themselves with liquidity. So, they’ve been very good at doing that. I think you got the numbers right. I mean, if you kind of back out that gain, our quarter looks a lot like the third quarter of last year when we had no revenue. And you heard from previous callers that Bayview’s actually doing a number of things to manage their expenses and volumes down to a manageable level so that they can continue with that steady level. Mainly, there is some modest pressure in reducing that run rate loss.
Collyn Gilbert: That’s right. And then just finally, as you look at your markets which are probably diverse, are there certain markets that are providing you with better growth opportunities than others? And if so, what is it that would be driving that growth?
René F. Jones: I don’t think so. I think our growth is very strong across the board. We had adjusted for acquisitions in Pennsylvania. For example, we had 7% annualized loan growth and that was the lowest we had anywhere. The way we think about it though is a little bit different. As you think about, for example, places that are much closer to the capital market. Even clients that are here using the capital market. As the capital markets are shut down, those folks that are looking for homes—and so you said the traditional relationships where we’ve done business before—all of those individuals are coming back to us. I think that is not necessarily region-specific. Across the board, the volumes are very high.
Operator: Your next question comes from Salvatore DiMartino of Bear Stearns.
Salvatore DiMartino: Collyn asked most of my questions but in fact, can I just follow up on one on the loan growth and then an additional one. Can you just provide us a little bit of color on pricing and structure during the quarter and are you seeing any changes there? And then also, could you tell us what you’re hearing from some of your commercial borrowers regarding their outlook for their businesses? Are you seeing any re-crunchment on their partners?
René F. Jones: I think what we saw in the fourth quarter were a number of borrowers looking to take out a lot of short-term variable debt and that would imply that they were going to sort of take on the debt and when the capital market cleared up, they were going to go and refinance. As we move ourselves into the first quarter, there are still much of the folks are on variable rates but I think the number of people are more and more willing to go a little bit longer because of the uncertainties in the market exists. People are trying to be prudent. There’s sort of a changing view on how long this cycle will last. And as we kind of work through it again, month by month, structures continue to improve and I think that is in part because some of the larger national institutions and then maybe some of the small community banks has taken a while to start to react to changing the structures and the way business is done. But all of those things has tightened up dramatically from the last year. I don’t know if that’s what you’re looking for Sal.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Hughes of KBW. Bob Hughes - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. (KBW) One follow up on Bayview: René, has there been any change to your relationship with the parent Bayview Financial or if you had any additional draws on your liquidity commitment to the parent? Think you have a warehouse line to Bayview Financial. Is that correct?
René F. Jones: Yes, we do. I don’t believe as we sit here today that there are any material differences in the level of that line from where we were at year-end. If you just give me a minute—I’ll take a look at that. Bob Hughes - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. (KBW) Okay, maybe we can come back to that in a second. With respect to metro New York, and multi-family lending in particular, have you sensed any change in appetite from the GFC’s for this product at all?
René F. Jones: No, it’s interesting. We have not seen much changes in that business that we have—obviously, we have two businesses where we sell. The volumes had been relatively steady. They haven’t accelerated as much as some of our other businesses but they’re relatively stable. So, I assume that there’s no disruption there and the appetite is what it was a quarter ago. Bob Hughes - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. (KBW) Okay, and then in the home equity book, have you guys been cutting lines at all to medicate risks, as we read about in some of the national press?
René F. Jones: Not in any large way and I think—if you back to our portfolio—while the losses are rising—it’s from very low levels—and it just continues to be performing very well on a relative basis. So, I’m not aware that we’re doing it. Bob Hughes - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. (KBW) The basis of my question wasn’t so much about the credit performance of the portfolio but just available of liquidity of consumers as well.
René F. Jones: Oh, I see. No, they’re available. The volumes are low, not because of our pricing are tightening. It’s just the volumes just seems to be low—the home equity line of credit product. I gather it to be what we’re hearing about people cancelling lines has a lot to do with the quality of the book. Bob Hughes - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. (KBW) Okay. I understood.
René F. Jones: But no, no change. We just haven’t seen an up-taken and borrowing on [inaudible]. Bob Hughes - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. (KBW) And no meaningful change in the Bayview Financial?
René F. Jones: Yes, I just got it written right down in front of me. The availability line has not changed.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Paul, a private investor.
Gary Paul: I have three questions. The first is a very simple one. You don’t intend to repurchase until you get your capital tangible assets ratio to 5.2 to 5.6. What is it now?
René F. Jones: At the end of the quarter, it was 4.94%.
Gary Paul: Thank you. The operations were obviously going very well. The only two areas of the concerns I have are the construction portfolio of Alt-A. You make tell me the same limitations on answer as on you gave to someone earlier on Alt-A, but do you have a specific amount of allocated reserves to the commercial construction portfolio? The annual gives you the total commercial real estate but not for construction.
René F. Jones: Yes, Gary, the way to think about that is at year-end, we have in non-performing—give me a second. At the end of the quarter in that category, builder construction, we had non-performing loans of $95 million and by the time they get to that category of non-performing, we have specific reserves on each of those credits.
Gary Paul: But it won’t happen before that time?
René F. Jones: No, and through that process—how do I say this? It’s not in specific reserves. As it go into the grading, we’re increasing the amount of specific provisions we put on them. And if you think about—we’ve actually talked about this—the amount of specific reserves we have on the two credits and at the end of the year, those made up the line share—almost 90-something% of total non-performing that we had in that quote. And now, we’ve added another for about $12 million that that facility hasn’t even provided for.
Gary Paul: And my third question relates to the Alt-A. When you announced the problem of the first quarter of last year, there was $800-some odd million. The increase to 1.2 or the I think the annual at 1.3, was that from stuff in the pipeline that hadn’t hit the books yet or was that from having to repurchase things that went delinquent in that early time period where you guarantee repurchase?
René F. Jones: Now, the big difference was that we had in our discretionary portfolio that we purchases—we had roughly $400 million just in the normal securities book. And then you add the $880, that added up to $1.3 billion and now it is down to $1.15 billion.
Gary Paul: So that other $400 was stuff you intended to hold.
René F. Jones: Exactly.
Operator: Your next question is a follow up from Collyn Gilbert of Stifel Nicolaus.
Collyn Gilbert: Sorry, just two housekeeping things. Number one is the $7 million in the mortgage banking accelerated revenue recognition, that’s non-recurring, correct?
René F. Jones: Yes, that’s the way I would think of it.
Collyn Gilbert: Okay and then what was the actual pre-tax merger charge number for the first quarter.
René F. Jones: For the first quarter, I think was $3.5 million, and I wouldn’t expect to see more of that.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
René F. Jones: Again, we’d like to thank all for participating today. If there are any questions or clarifications of any of the items in the call or news release as necessary, please contact our Investor Relations Department at (716) 842-5138. Thank you.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-14 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Elsa and I will be your conferenceoperator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the M&TBank fourth quarter and year-end 2007 earnings conference call. (OperatorInstructions) It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, DonMacLeod, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Donald J. MacLeod: Thank you, Elsa and good morning, everyone. This is DonMacLeod and I would like to thank everyone for participating in M&T'sfourth quarter and full year 2007 earnings conference call, both by telephoneand through the webcast. I hope everyone has had an opportunity to read ourearnings release issued this morning. If you have not read our earningsrelease, you may access it along with the financial tables and schedules fromour website, www.mtb.com, and by clicking on the investor relations link. Also, before we start, I would like to mention that commentsmade during this call may contain forward-looking statements relating to thebanking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encouragesparticipants to refer to our SEC filings, including those found on forms 8-K,10-K, and 10-Q, for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now I would like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer,Rene Jones.
Rene F. Jones: Thank you, Don and good morning, everyone. No doubt most ofyou have read our press release and by now have seen that we had quite a busyquarter with a number of notable items. I would like to provide some color onthose items as well as give you my thoughts on the past year and the comingyear, and then I’ll take your questions. Diluted earnings per share, which includes the amortizationof core deposits and other intangible assets, were $0.60 in the fourth quarterof 2007 compared with $1.88 in the fourth quarter of 2006 and $1.83 earned inthe linked quarter. Amortization of core deposits and other intangible assetsamounted to $0.09 per share in the third and fourth quarters of 2007 and $0.10per share in the fourth quarter of 2006. In addition, after tax merger relatedcosts of $9 million, or $0.08 per share, which relate to the Partners Trustacquisition and the First Horizon branch transaction were recorded in thefourth quarter of 2007. Fourth quarter diluted net operating earnings per share,which exclude the amortization of core deposits and other intangible assets, aswell as the merger related costs I mentioned, were $0.77 compared with $1.98 inthe fourth quarter of 2006 and $1.92 in the linked quarter. This morning’spress release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results,including tangible assets and equity. Net income for the fourth quarter of 2007 was $65 million,compared with $213 million a year earlier and $199 million earned in thesequential quarter. Net operating income for the quarter was $84 millioncompared with $225 million in the fourth quarter of 2006 and $209 million inthe linked quarter. During the fourth quarter we took action to reduce ourexposure to a few areas of heightened concern specifically relating to theturmoil in the residential real estate market. In our press release, we notedfour items that lowered net income for the fourth quarter. In the first quarter of 2007, as you are aware, we purchasedthree mezzanine ABS CDO securities totaling $132 million. The newly createdCDOs were purchased roughly at par but reflected the wider spreads in placeafter the initial sub-prime related sell-off in late 2006 and early 2007. Theasset backed securities underlying the three CDOs include a mix of prime,mid-prime, and sub-prime residential mortgage-backed securities, commercialmortgage-backed securities and education loans. Two of the three CDOs have been downgraded by the ratingagencies and although all three are still current as of the end of 2007, wehave come to the conclusion that the impairment in the market value of thesecurities is other than temporary. Accordingly, a $78 million after tax, or$0.71 per share unrealized loss on the CDOs has been recognized for the incomestatements in the fourth quarter. This action leaves us with only $4.4 millionof exposure to CDOS backed by residential mortgages. During the fourth quarter, Visa completed a globalrestructuring of its legal entities and reached a settlement with AmericanExpress with respect to certain anti-trust litigation. Several other anti-trustlawsuits are still pending. As a member of Visa, M&T is required to share in thecurrent and future losses with respect to such litigation. As a result, M&Thas recognized an after tax charge in the fourth quarter of $14 million, or$0.13 per share, representing our share of the current and estimated futurelosses with respect to the multiple anti-trust lawsuits. As I alluded to earlier, we completed the acquisition ofPartners Trust this quarter as well as the purchase of First Horizonmid-Atlantic retail banking franchise. We reported after tax merger relatedcharges of $9 million, or $0.08 per share during the quarter as a result ofthese two transactions. There may be limited amounts of additional mergerrelated expenses relating to these acquisitions in 2008 as well. Also, as noted in the press release, prior to 2007 M&T'spractice was to sell substantially all of the Alt-A mortgages that weoriginated. In March 2007, we transferred $883 million of Alt-A loans to ourheld-for-investment portfolio, rather than sell them at depressed prices. Higher levels of delinquencies and charge-offs in thisportfolio led us to reassess our founding policies and to adopt what we believeis a more conservative founding posture with respect to the recognition ofnon-performing loans and charge-offs on residential mortgages. Specifically, wehave changed our policy such that residential mortgages will be moved tonon-performing status at 90 days instead of 180 days and charge-offs will berecognized at 150 days instead of at foreclosure. The primary impact of this change is to move $84 million of90-plus days past due residential mortgages, the majority of them from ournon-agency portfolio, to non-performing status. This change also resulted inthe accelerated recognition of approximately $15 million of charge-offs, themajority of which also relate to the non-agency mortgages. The bulk of theseloans had been carried as 90-days past due and still accruing as of September30th. Collectively, we believe the actions we’ve taken regardingour exposure to residential real estate are consistent with M&T'slongstanding approach to identifying issues and quickly dealing with them. Now turning to the income statement, taxable equivalent netinterest income was $476 million for the fourth quarter, up from $473 millionin the linked quarter. The net interest margin declined 20 basis points in thefourth quarter of 2007 to 3.45%, compared with 3.65% in the linked quarter. Theitems contributing to that decline, some of which were temporary, are asfollows. Three basis points of the decline related to the reversal ofinterest previously accrued on residential real estate loans, principally theloans that were moved to non-performing status under the policy change that Ijust mentioned. An additional three basis points relates to a temporaryincrease in short term investments needed to collateralize municipal deposits.These investments were liquidated by the end of the quarter. Another three basis points of the decline related to theimpact of Partners Trust and First Horizon transactions, both of which havenarrower net interest margins than the pre-merger M&T. The full run-rateimpact on the margin from the two acquisitions should be about eight basispoints. Lower levels of prepayment penalties in our commercial realestate loan portfolio -- roughly half the level of the third quarter -- causeda further three basis points of the decline. Finally, six basis points of the decline related to loangrowth, which has been quite strong, and a higher level of investmentsecurities that were added near the end of the third quarter. The bulk of thatgrowth was funded by wholesale borrowings. Turning to loan growth, as we mentioned in the pressrelease, this growth was one of the real bright spots of the fourth quarter,continuing the trend that began in September. Average loans for the fourthquarter were $46.1 billion, including $742 million of average loans addedthrough the two acquisitions. Excluding the impact of acquisitions, averageloans grew by $1.6 billion for an annualized rate of 14% from the third quarterof 2007. By category, annualized loan growth compared with the linkedquarter and excluding the impact of acquisitions, is as follows: averagecommercial and industrial loans grew at an annualized rate of 8%; averagecommercial real estate loans, including owner occupied, grew at a rate of 22%.As you might expect the strong commercial real estate growth was driven by thedisarray and the securitization in conduit markets which has brought businessback to balance sheet lenders like M&T. Spread, structures, and returnshave all improved significantly. The strongest growth came in our metro region, whichincludes New York City, and in the mid-Atlantic. Almost all of our commercialactivity for the past quarter came from customers with whom we have donebusiness in the past. The average residential real estate loans grew about 6% withmortgages originated for investment partially offset by a decline inresidential mortgages held for sale. Average consumer loans grew by 14%,including strong growth in auto loans and consumer goods and services. Homeequity loans and lines of credit were essentially flat. The end of period loans as of December 31, 2007 were $48billion, including $1.5 billion of loans acquired through the acquisition.Excluding the impact of acquisitions, end of period loans grew an annualized16% from the end of the third quarter. Not included in these figures are $950million of mortgages obtained in the Partners deal that were securitized nearthe end of the quarter. In terms of credit, the provision for credit losses in thefourth quarter of 2007 was $101 million and exceeded charge-offs by $48million. The provision in excess of charge-offs is intended to bolster reservesfor the residential mortgage portfolio, particularly the non-agency segment,and for two already non-performing residential development loans in themid-Atlantic. The remaining portion of the excess provision is intended to conformour loan loss allowance with the significant loan growth that we’ve seen overthe past four months. Non-performing loans totaled $447 million at the end of therecent quarter compared with $371 million at the end of the previous quarterand $224 million at the end of 2006. Substantially all of the increase from thelinked quarter relates to the policy change on residential mortgages and theresulting transfer of the $84 million of mortgages to non-performing statusfrom the 90 day past due classification. As we noted in the press release, only four of ournon-performing loans are over $5 million, which we believe is an indication ofthe granularity of M&T's loan portfolio. The non-performing loan ratio was93 basis points at the end of 2007 compared with 83 basis points in the linkedquarter and 52 basis points at the end of 2006. Excluding the policy change,the non-performing loan ratio at the end of 2007 would have been 76 basispoints, down seven basis points from the linked quarter. Net charge-offs for the quarter were $53 million,representing an annualized rate of 46 basis points of total loans. Excludingthe $15 million of charge-offs relating to the policy change, the netcharge-off ratio was 33 basis points. This compares to 20 basis points in thelinked quarter. The allowance for credit losses increased to $759 million,or 1.58% of total loans as of December 31, 2007, reflecting the $48 millionprovision in excess of charge-offs as well as the allowance acquired withPartners Trust. This compares with an allowance ratio of 1.52 at the end of thelinked quarter and 1.51% at the end of 2006. Loans past due 90 days but still accruing were $77 millionat the end of the recent quarter, compared with $140 million at the end of thethird quarter of 2007, reflecting the impact from the policy change. AtDecember 31, 2007, loans 90 days past due included $72 million in loans thatare guaranteed by government-related entities. Turning to non-interest income, excluding the securitiesloss on the CDO, non-interest income for the fourth quarter of 2007 was $288million compared with $256 million in the fourth quarter of 2006 and with $253million in the linked quarter. The strong results reflect growth in trust fees,advisory fees, and gain on lease residuals. Also contributing to the non-interest income for the quarterwas $15 million of equity income from the Bayview Lending Group partnership.This compares with a loss of $11 million in the third quarter. The PartnersTrust and First Horizons transactions contributed $2 million of non-interestrevenue for the quarter. Operating expenses, which exclude merger related charges andamortization of intangible assets, were $415 million, compared with $365million in the fourth quarter of 2006 and $375 million in the third quarter of2007. In addition to the $23 million pretax charge related to the Visaanti-trust litigation, the fourth quarter results included a $2 millionaddition to the valuation allowance for capitalized residential mortgage servicingrights compared to no charge in the third quarter of 2007 and a $1 millionaddition in the valuation allowance in the fourth quarter of 2006. The twoacquisitions contributed $5 million of operating expenses during the recentquarter. Before we turn to questions, let me briefly review some ofthe highlights related to the full year. Diluted GAAP earnings per share were$5.95 compared with $7.37 in 2006. Net income for the year was $654 million.Diluted net operating earnings per share were $6.40 compared with $7.73 in2006. Net operating income was $704 million. This brings us to our outlook. We were encouraged by therobust loan growth we’ve experienced over the past quarter but expect it tomoderate a bit from current levels. Our most likely scenario is for loan growthin the mid to high single digit range for 2008. We will continue to manage thenet interest margin as we always have, with as close to a neutral sensitivityposition as possible. Ultimately the direction of the margin will be driven by earningsand net growth, with the loan growth being partially offset by run-off ininvestment securities. For the full year 2008, our fourth quarter margin of3.45% is a better starting point than the 3.60% that we had for the full year. The events of 2007 vindicated our view that there is stillsuch a thing as a credit cycle and that it was turning. Don and I have beentalking about loss rates approaching historical norms for some time now andexcluding the impact from the policy change, our charge-off ratio of 33 basispoints in the fourth quarter was almost spot-on with our long-term averagesince 1991 of 32 basis points. While it is difficult to predict the depth and breadth ofthe current credit cycle, at this time we would expect credit costs to fallwithin a reasonable range around our historical experience. With respect to expenses, we continue to scrutinize expensesvery closely. We have some investment spending that we want to fund,particularly for expansion in the mid-Atlantic, but as we typically do we’vebudgeted for a positive revenue expense spread in 2008. I would like to touch on Bayview for just a moment. Despitethe significant widening of spreads in the market for commercialmortgage-backed securities, Bayview continues to sell their productionresulting in no significant inventory overhangs. While commercialmortgage-backed securities spreads remain at current levels, we would notexpect a significant contribution from this investment. Turning to capital, the combination of the two acquisitions,the CDO and the Visa charges and the robust loan growth reduced our tangiblecommon rate equity ratio to 5.01% as of December 31st. With our strong capitalgeneration rate, we would expect to have our tangible common equity ratio backwithin our usual range of 5.2 to 5.6 by the second quarter. Accordingly, ourshare repurchase program will be on hold through the first quarter. Finally, I would note that we typically see weakness indeposit service charges in the first quarter of every year relating to thepost-holiday slow down in spending, as well as seasonal increases in expenses,particularly salaries and benefits. All of these projections are of course subject to a numberof uncertainties, various assumptions regarding the national and economicgrowth, changes in interest rates, political events, and other macroeconomicfactors which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. We will now open up the call to questions, before which Elsawill briefly review the instructions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions)  Our first question is coming from JasonGoldberg with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Jason Goldberg -Lehman Brothers: Just some -- with respect to charge-offs, I guess you saidaround 30, 35 basis points is your normal area and that’s kind of where youexpect to be?
Rene F. Jones: Well, what I said was that our long run historical averageis around 32 basis points and we have been running about 20 basis points forthe last three quarters. I think our average over the last three quarters was19 basis points and internally, we could see that given the level ofnon-performers that a more normalized growth rate for what we were seeing inthe non-performing book was somewhere in the 30s. I would suggest thattypically our fourth quarters tend to be a little higher than the average, sosomewhere around that, in the 30s, in that historical range. At this point in time, it’s very tough to tell because asyou know, you and other folks out there all have current scenarios, recessionscenarios, some of you have four scenarios. So what we are going to attempt todo is to tell you what we see today and not try to predict what’s going tohappen with the economy. But I would say somewhere in the 30s is what we would expecttoday.
Jason Goldberg -Lehman Brothers: All right, and then I guess I have a follow-up; how shouldwe think about provisioning relative to charge-off? Do you anticipate thesekind of reserves coming forward or should provisions become closer tocharge-offs?
Rene F. Jones: You know, I would say that the loan growth was very unusual.I mean, we had 16%, 17% growth in loans and that’s not a typical quarter. Butas you know, we typically provide for that loan growth. I would suggest that the other items that we’ve talked aboutare, I would consider them to be a bit unusual and unless there was some otherevent that we found out going forward, I think I would revert back to what youtypically see from M&T, which is providing for loan growth and excessprovision tends to be a little bit above charge-offs.
Jason Goldberg -Lehman Brothers: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from StevenAlexopoulos with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Steven Alexopoulos -J.P. Morgan: Rene, I’m curious -- with the margin outlook you just gave,you said 345 a good starting point. Are you suggesting that you think you canhold the margin flat here?
Rene F. Jones: I think if you kind of work through the items I gave you,there were a number of unusual items so I would say that the temporary itemsare going to be offset by the full quarter impact of partners in First Horizon.And then, again our forecast is that we don’t see that same significant level ofloan growth that we had in the past. If we were to do that, I would guess thatyou’d continue to see some degree of margin compression because we are beingfunded primarily with wholesale funds on the margin. But having said that, if things stay much like they were in2007, our margins were very, very stable until we saw that loan growth, right?And so I would expect more of the same. The other point that I’ll mention is if you just take aquick look at the yield curve, one of the things -- the yield curve is invertedso there is in the fourth quarter on average the spread between fed funds andtwo-year LIBOR was negative 25 basis points, right? So if you think of ourlending in terms of, for example, indirect auto, we are lending to the curve.We match fund it two years but the funds that we are borrowing with todaybecause of the inversion in the curve actually are costing us a little bitmore. And until that normalizes, I think you’ve got additional margincompression from that factor. The feds thinking that they might cut 50 basispoints helps a lot.
Steven Alexopoulos -J.P. Morgan: What was the dollar amount of the securitizations forBayview this quarter?
Rene F. Jones: I think the dollar amount was between $1.2 billion, $1.3billion of securitization and 880, 890 of that were items that we had mentionedpreviously I think on the last call and then at a conference we did inNovember. The final securitization, which was somewhere around $370million, went off and they sold the entire book but it was at much higherspreads and to understand that, you can simply look at the market for CMBS,right? Spreads are much wider so I think what we like there is that theycontinue to sell their inventory but having said that, with the cost of fundingas high as it is right now, I would expect that the profit will be very littlein terms of securitizations going forward.
Steven Alexopoulos -J.P. Morgan: And just a final quick question; why was the tax rate so lowthis quarter?
Rene F. Jones: Because part of a bank’s income taxes are derived from taxcredits and when your income goes down as much as it did in the fourth quarter,the credits stay the same, right? So you naturally get a lower tax rate.Hopefully we won’t see that again.
Steven Alexopoulos: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from John Fox with FenimoreAsset Management. Please go ahead.
John Fox: I have a number of questions. First one, I am trying tounderstand what you are saying on Bayview, because I understand if they don’tsecuritize, like in the third quarter they ran at a -- I think an $11 millionloss due to fee income area. And then when they securitize, obviously then theyhad a nice fee income so when you say you don’t expect to make any money inthat investment, is that line just break-even for ’08 or what are you trying tosay there?
Rene F. Jones: Let me go back through the whole thing. In the thirdquarter, what we were talking about was signing. So the transactions werecompleted but there were no transactions that were completed in our reportingquarter. That’s a simple thing. In the most recent transaction that they’ve done, you sortof look at the market, look at the -- just as a bit of a proxy for the disruption,look at triple B spreads on CMBS. And as that has risen, all commercialmortgage related paper, the cost of funding that has gone up and it’s gone upsignificantly enough to erode your profit. So the first thing that is most important is you get itsold. They did. That’s unusual. Most of what’s happening in the commercialmortgage-backed space is that you are seeing a backlog of inventory and banksare having to put those loans on their books and fund them. In Bayview’s case, because their profit model is so strong,they were actually able to get it off but to do so, they used up most of theirprofit on that last transaction. And I would expect more of that to be the casegoing forward until the disruption in the market actually clears up. Interestingly enough, if you think about it, there’s acorrelation here between the fact that our loan growth surged when the capitalmarket shut down and then income from Bayview actually got less. So what youare seeing there is that is somewhat of a natural hedge.
John Fox: Okay, and then I had a question -- can you just talk aboutwhy you feel good about the reserves on Alt-A and on the homebuilder loans,given the continuing declining environment?
Rene F. Jones: Let me take the residential mortgages first. You know, thechange is that we had never had Alt-A mortgages on our balance sheet in thepast, so if you go back, and I’ll give you a couple of numbers here, 2002 whenwe had our normal core held-for-investment portfolio, our charge-offs were $5million on that book of about $2 billion or $3 billion. In 2003, it was $4 million. In 2004, it was $4 million andin 2005, it was 1.8. In 2006, it was $4 million and in 2007 it was $4 million.Nothing has changed with the core book. If you look at the whole, excluding the acceleration, the$15 million charge we took, we had $16 million of charge-offs on that wholebook. So it’s really clear that this book that we took in, most of which wetook in in March, is of a different nature and a lower credit quality than whatwe had typically. So one, we can isolate it to that specific portfolio, whichis a portfolio of $1.2 billion, but probably more specifically than that, thereare about $150 million within that portfolio where most of the charge-offs arecoming from and these relate to a portfolio of scratch-and-dent first and aportfolio of scratch-and-dent second mortgages that we had put on our -- youknow, kept on our balance sheet and moved to held-for-investment. So the issue is fairly isolated and we have a good abilityto track that. We’ve added quite a few collectors and we have good informationon the portfolio. So I think that’s the best way for me to sort of dimensionfor you that the problem is fairly isolated and allows you to sort of predictwhat’s going to happen.
John Fox: If I could just follow up, the $4 million that you gave for’07, that was on residential book ex the 1.2 Alt-A?
Rene F. Jones: Yes.
John Fox: Okay. Thank you.
Rene F. Jones: If you go to the -- you know, to your question on thebuilder, I think on the builder construction, what I’ll say is that wecompleted our third semi-annual review of that portfolio in the beginning --ended the beginning of December and we reviewed about 65% of that book. Sothat’s the book that includes the mid-Atlantic, it includes the east, somewherearound a 50-mile radius around New York City. It includes our portfolio outwest -- think of Portland -- and it includes another portfolio of loansthroughout our footprint. And when we -- through that review, we had just four loansthat we moved to our classified loan book, so that’s the sort of early stagesbefore you get to non-performing. And interestingly enough, one of them was inthe mid-Atlantic, one was in Pennsylvania, one was in New York, and one was inPortland. We had another loan in the mid-Atlantic that got classified up out ofthat classified loan book and actually the credit improved. I think what we know is that as we sit today, we’veadequately provided for the projects that have had problems but I would arguethat this is going to be an issue that plays out for a very long time and themost important thing is how long and how deep is the cycle in residentialmortgages. So until you get your way through some of these projects andyou get a little bit more information, I would say that we think we areadequately reserved today. We are not saying that we think builder constructionhas improved from the last time we spoke.
John Fox: When’s the next time you’ll do your semi-annual review?
Rene F. Jones: I think we’re likely to do at least three, maybe four if wecan get it done in the course of the year, so we’re stepping that up. So almoston a quarterly basis, if we can get that done.
John Fox: Okay, and I apologize if I missed it in the release, but doyou have a total amount of non-performing assets at the end of the quarter?
Rene F. Jones: One second -- total non-performing assets were $447 millionat the end of the quarter.
Donald J. MacLeod: Sorry, Rene, but that’s loans. Assets is $487 million.
John Fox: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Ken Usdin withBank of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin: Thanks. Good morning. Rene, I was wondering if you couldjust also talk about other parts of the portfolio where you are not currentlyseeing any stress and give us some indications of why specifically either inthe rest of the home equity book and across the CNI portfolios, you know, areyou seeing any signs of weakness of small business, middle market slowdowns,that sort of thing?
Rene F. Jones: Let me just start with the home equity portfolio that youmentioned. You know, we have seen a bit of a weakening trend in home equity butremember that these are coming from very, very low levels and on average, wehave a book that is of very high credit quality, okay? So for example, on ourhome equity line of credit portfolio, which is about $4.2 billion, a year agomaybe we saw five basis points of loss and this year we are maybe at nine or 10basis points. And if you look at our home equity loan portfolio, maybe lastyear that was three basis points of loss. This year it’s gone to five. The reason for that is that if you look -- give me a minuteand I’ll share with you some of the make-up of our portfolio. In that total $5billion book of home equity loans, loans with a loan to value of less than 85%represent 84% of that loan book, so there is very little if anything better inhigh loan to value segment. Also, if you look for example at the problem vintages, wherefolks -- 2005 and 2006, something like 78% to 80% of our loans were above 700credit scores. So we never got into any of the brokered issues. All of theloans that we have were under-written by us unless we acquired them -- like,for example, through some of the acquisitions. So we have a very high credit quality book, so we see someof the trends but again, we’re starting from a very conservative base. If you look at indirect auto, again you can see from our --you are seeing that there are rising delinquencies there but if you compare ournumbers to the average of the industry, they are somewhat lower. I think whathelped us there is if you remember, for two years we said that we did not likethe economic returns on that paper. So for example, if we had an auto loan bookof $3.5 billion, maybe something less than 20% is from the 2006 vintage. And when we work with our credit folks, where we see thevintage that is sort of not performing as well as everything else is the 2006vintage. So in essence, what we were saying two years ago is that we werepricing for this current credit cycle and therefore it didn’t make much senseto book loans because you couldn’t get margins that were high enough. And as aresult of that, we avoided some of those vintages that are turning out to be alittle bit poorer than they have historically been. I think those are the two things that are helping usprobably the most. Also, as you know, we’ve got a large commercial real estatebook where the delinquencies are negligible and things are holding up prettywell. That in part has to do with the fact that our underwriting standards arepretty conservative. As an indication of that, I think our loan-to-value in ourNew York City book, which is $4 billion, is about 54%. So I think -- I’m not saying that we won’t have problems aswe move through the course of the year and new things won’t arise but from whatwe see today, we think we’ve identified most of the areas of concern that areapparent and most of that centers around the residential real estate arena.
Ken Usdin: Great. Thanks, Rene.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Ed Najaran withMerrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Edward R. Najaran -Merrill Lynch: I know this has been asked to some extent, but I would liketo come back to the margin outlook a little bit, if possible. When I justcompare your average balance sheet and rates in the third quarter to the fourthquarter, your loan portfolio, the average yield in your loan portfolio declinedby 33 basis points and I know some of that had to do with the acquisitionswhich you’ve outlined. But I would suspect that a good chunk of that also hadto do with the decline in the prime rate. And it seemed like then when we flipover to the liability side and especially look at your deposit rates, there wasa very minimal decline. In fact, some of your deposit categories rates went upand I know you outlined a few one-time items there. But it just seemed like such a large discrepancy between thedecline in the average loan yields versus the decline in the core depositrates. It kind of gives you a little consternation as to what might happen tothe margin if the prime rate continues to decline. Could you speak to that alittle bit?
Rene F. Jones: Sure, Ed. What you’ve outlined is spot on but let me justmake it a little clearer. I talked about the prepayment penalties but firstyou’ve got to normalize for that. If you put that just on the loans, it’s apretty big number. I don’t have the effect on the yield in front of me butyou’ll see that that’s depressed the yield somewhat. If you normalize for those things and partner it, absolutelythe loan yields are coming down as fed funds drop and the prime rate drops. Andthen we’ve held our deposit pricing flat. And if you go back over the lastthree or four quarters, we have been -- the spread from wholesale funding toour cost of funds has been sort of at an all-time high. So what we did this quarter by not adjusting deposit pricingis that we sort of reset ourselves a bit. Wholesale rates have come down quitea bit in the last six months and I think what you’ve got is that we’re muchbetter positioned than we were than over the last three quarters, to have toput another [tools] to maintain a neutral position. So we bought something by not dropping those rates but whatyou are seeing is -- you are spot on.
Edward R. Najaran -Merrill Lynch: Shouldn’t -- in light of that, shouldn’t the decline inprime and fed funds that we got at the end of the fourth quarter and that wepotentially might get at the end of January have the same impact though? Or atleast have more of an impact because it’s going to come on a full quarter basisas opposed to a partial quarter basis in the fourth quarter?
Rene F. Jones: I don’t expect it to have more of an impact. I think thatyou’ll have some ability to reset prices if the fed moves, for example, by 50basis points. And remember, what’s happening is you’ve got that inversion inthe yield curve, right? So what’s not price in yet is that we are still payingup quite a bit relative to say two-year LIBOR and three-year LIBOR. A lot of what we put on, for example, is actually shorterterms, two, three, four year deals in terms of the real estate structure. So Ithink that the abnormal shape of the curve, we wouldn’t expect, if you look atthe futures, to sort of last that way and that will give us a little bit morerelief on the short end. But again, all of that is based on the curve short ofperforming as the forward rates would suggest.
Edward R. Najaran -Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you very much.
Rene F. Jones: If I could just give you one other thing -- if you look atour position from the forwards, if it goes down 200 basis points more, so thatwould be let’s say fed funds in our scenario is 350 by the end of next year. Soa 200 basis point ramp down from there, we lose 1%, $21 million. So you areright in your direction but the magnitude is not that big of a deal.
Edward R. Najaran -Merrill Lynch: Okay. All right. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Collyn Gilbertwith Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Collyn Gilbert -Stifel Nicolaus: I know you’ve gone through this, but if you wouldn’t mindjust hitting the metrics again on the Alt-A portfolio in terms of what you haveon your books, how much of that is in the reserves, and then what the NPAs areand I think you were pretty clear on the charge-offs for $15 million, but Ijust want to make sure I understand the metrics in that portfolio.
Rene F. Jones: The portfolio of Alt-A mortgages is $1.2 billion. I talkedabout the fact that of the -- excluding the $15 million from the accelerationthat we had charge-offs on that portfolio of about $15 million, on the totalportfolio about $15 million, $11 million of which was on that Alt-A portfolio.
Collyn Gilbert -Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, and you had said of the increase in the reserve thisquarter, a reserve in excess of charge-offs of that $48 million, a lot of thathad to do with Alt-A and then you also mentioned too to the residentialdeveloper portfolio. Can you just --
Rene F. Jones: Sure. On the residential developer portfolio, we added about$14 million related to two developers. Those two developers were the one thatwe took the non-performing in the first quarter and then another that we tookin the third quarter. What we saw on the one in the mid-Atlantic was essentiallythat the lot take-downs that occurred occurred at slightly lower prices, so wetook a charge-off of about $2 million on that property and then we readjustedthe appraised values. The good news and what is sort of holding that up is thatthe national builder that is sort of supporting that property is still thereand willing to continue with the project. The other project we’ve provided, of the 14, $11 million wasassociated with lower appraised values. What we’ve seen is that the appraisersare getting a bit skittish. In fact, on that particular property, the appraisedvalues were below what we’ve been able to take down some of the loss on. But atthe end of the day, you’ve got to stick with the appraisal.
Collyn Gilbert -Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And then just on the resi developer portfolio, whatpercent of that is -- I’m sorry, could you just give the numbers that are outof footprint?
Rene F. Jones: Yeah, hang on one second.
Collyn Gilbert -Stifel Nicolaus: Specifically in the west. I know you referenced Portland,but --
Rene F. Jones: We have $196 million in the East. In the mid-Atlantic, wehave $595 million. In the West, we have $292 million, and then throughout ourfootprint in smaller developers, we have 770, so a total of $1.8 billion.
Collyn Gilbert -Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, and then of the $1.8 billion, what is the number ofthat that’s on non-accrual right now?
Rene F. Jones: That is $84 million or $85 million.
Collyn Gilbert -Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, and then just one more breakdown on that; so of the84, 85, how much of the non-accruals are out of footprint?
Rene F. Jones: The majority are -- I would say essentially none but themajority or almost all -- I’m not doing the math but almost all are infootprint.
Collyn Gilbert -Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, great. That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Todd Hagermanwith Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Todd Hagerman -Credit Suisse: Most of my questions were answered but just quickly, Rene,you mentioned the Partners First securitization at the end of the quarter. Whatwas the residual impact of that securitization? Or will we expect something inthe first quarter?
Rene F. Jones: No, I don’t think -- I mean, what you are going to see is --you know, slightly but not noticeable lower NII but it will flip the feeincome. We were able to securitize that $950 million and the guarantee cost forsomething like 14 basis points, so it just made a lot of sense to do.
Todd Hagerman -Credit Suisse: So you didn’t have a negative mark or anything that ranthrough in the quarter?
Rene F. Jones: No, it was a pristine portfolio.
Todd Hagerman -Credit Suisse: Okay, and then just on a go-forward basis, how do you guyslook at the Partners First portfolio in terms of the mortgage? Any anticipatedchanges in terms of their business model as it relates to mortgage and how inconformance with M&T?
Rene F. Jones: We’ve retained a number of people in the mortgage unit and Iwould expect that we will run that mortgage program much like we run the restof our footprint. I wouldn’t see anything different from what M&T typicallydoes.
Todd Hagerman -Credit Suisse: Okay, and then just I don’t know if you mentioned thisearlier, could you give us a sense in terms of production numbers in thequarter just as it relates to agency, non-agency production in the fourth quarterfor the company?
Rene F. Jones: There is essentially no non-agency production. Closed loansin the quarter were $1.3 billion -- the same as in the third quarter. Andapplications were $2.8 billion; in the third quarter, they were 2.9, so it’sdown slightly from the third quarter. And let me just check the other questionyou had, which is on agency -- everything was agency.
Todd Hagerman -Credit Suisse: Okay, great. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Bob Hughes withKBW. Please go ahead.
Robert Hughes -Keefe: A couple of questions; with respect to growth in commercialreal estate, obviously very strong in the quarter. Generally I would assumeyou’d be, given the current market conditions, funneling a lot less productionto Bayview for securitization and that’s one of the reasons we are seeingbetter portfolio growth?
Rene F. Jones: No, we don’t -- those are two separate businesses is thebest way to say it. We don’t have a conduit. As you know, we sort of couldnever really figure out how to get into it without cannibalizing our overallportfolio, so we don’t have a traditional commercial real estate conduit.
Robert Hughes -Keefe: Okay, so you are not using Bayview in that way?
Rene F. Jones: No, not at all. Bayview is small, balanced commercialmortgages where the average mortgage is $350,000.
Robert Hughes -Keefe: Okay, and then I was curious about your comments,particularly in the metro New York area where you are now seeing shorterstructures -- a lot of two, three, four-year deals versus I guess a traditionalproduct would be the five-year fixed product in this market. Is that accurate?
Rene F. Jones: That’s accurate and the other little piece that I didn’tmention, Bob, was that most of the deals are variable so what you’ve got is adisruption in the market and people are coming back to us but the thought isthat they want to see what happens going forward for longer term financing, sothey stayed short and they’ve kept it variable.
Robert Hughes -Keefe: Okay, so variable is new in this market and is that anM&T phenomenon or is that a market phenomenon?
Rene F. Jones: I think it’s a market phenomenon. I mean, most of our --historically, we have had a large fixed rate portfolio in New York too, so Ithink it’s a market phenomenon.
Robert Hughes -Keefe: Okay, and now that these loans are variable, they weretypically price off the five-year, what will they re-price off of goingforward? The question is that most of these were fixed at five years writtenoff fee, the five-year CMP, I think. That’s the product in the market -- arethese now LIBOR based loans or how are these --
Rene F. Jones: They are LIBOR based loans but I couldn’t -- obviously theterm was varied by each one, right? So we would typically run a duration modeland sort of match it.
Robert Hughes -Keefe: Okay. And within that traditional metro New York market, multi-family’sbeen a decent sized piece of that. Have you guys seen any stress or any cracksin the metro New York market so far?
Rene F. Jones: No, we haven’t. Delinquencies are non-existent. I haven’tseen any change.
Robert Hughes -Keefe: Okay, one clarification; when you talked about mid to highsingle digit loan growth I think in 2008, were you talking average overaverage? Were you talking period end?
Rene F. Jones: I guess it will come out to be the same but I was probably-- you can use it as a linked quarter over the next three or four quarters.
Robert Hughes -Keefe: Okay, and then just one final question; having completedsome deals recently yourselves, I would imagine that there’s no shortage ofsellers in the environment. Can you give us some sense of how you are thinkingabout M&A going forward?
Rene F. Jones: We don’t think about it any different than we have in thepast. I think there probably are a number more of candidates out there that arethinking about it but having said that, a lot of people are working throughtheir issues. So I wouldn’t say there’s any big pick-up in volume there. But with respect to M&T, we tend to do our work and soto the extent that we had a chance to do due diligence on a company and spendthe time there, there’s nothing that would prevent us from looking atsomething. You just have to do your credit work.
Robert Hughes -Keefe: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is coming from Sal DiMartinowith Bear Stearns. Please go ahead.
Salvatore DiMartino -Bear Stearns: Most of my questions have been answered but just a littlebit of clarification -- the big pick-up this quarter in the securitiesportfolio, that was the securitization?
Rene F. Jones: Yes, actually. We put on some securities in the last coupleof days of September, so that obviously affected the average but then thesecuritization would have been in the last two days, last two or three days ofDecember.
Salvatore DiMartino -Bear Stearns: Okay, and then in the first quarter, it should come backdown?
Rene F. Jones: I don’t know what you mean. I mean, it will just stay there,so --
Salvatore DiMartino -Bear Stearns: So it will stay at the close to $9 billion level?
Rene F. Jones: Yeah, I mean, whatever is there is from the acquisitions. Weput on $1 billion from Partners and then we securitized almost another $1billion into that, right? And I would guess that one of the things that we’lldo, as we typically keep a pretty, pretty low investment securities book, isthat we’ll run that down to the extent that we see loan growth. The one caveat to that is that you heard the question thatEd Najaran asked and to the extent that we need to use a little bit more fixedrate assets, we may have put on a little bit because typically we would bereceiving somewhat of a hedging benefit from the fact that the New York Cityloan growth would be fixed, but now that that’s variable we may need to do alittle bit in terms of investment securities. But if you look over the longer term, I would expect thatbook to start to run down.
Salvatore DiMartino -Bear Stearns: Okay, thanks, Rene.
Operator: Thank you. There appear to be no further questions. I willturn the floor back over to you.
Donald J. MacLeod: Again, we’d like to thank you all for participating todayand as always, if clarification of any items in the call or the news release isnecessary, please call our investor relations department at area code716-842-5138. Thank you and goodbye.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today’s teleconference. Youmay disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-11 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen. My name is Natasha, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the M&T Bank Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Don MacLeod, Director of IR. Sir you may begin.
Donald J. MacLeod: Thank you, Natasha and good morning everyone. This is Don MacLeod, and I'd like to thank everyone for participating in M&T's third quarter 2007earnings conference call, both by telephone and through the webcast. If you've not read our earnings release, you may access it along with the financial tables from our website, www.mtb.com and by clicking on the Investor Relations link. Also, before we start, I'd like to mention that comments made during this call may contain forward-looking statements relating to the banking industry and to M&T Bank Corporation. M&T encourages participants to refer to our SEC filings found on Forms 8-K, 10-Q, and 10-K for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements. Now, I'd like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer, René F. Jones.
René F. Jones: Thank you, Don, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call. I am sure you've had a chance to review this morning's press release. I'd like to highlight and expand upon a few items from this morning's release before I respond to questions. Diluted earnings per share, which include amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets, were $1.83 in this year's third quarter, compared with $1.85 earned in the third quarter of 2006, and $1.95 earned in the linked quarter. Higher credit costs and the impact of our investment in Bayview Lending Group were the primary factors that dampened M&T's performance in the recent quarter, and we will touch on each of these items in a few moments. Amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets amounted to $0.09 per share in the third quarter of 2007, compared with $0.10 per share in the third quarter of 2006 and $0.09 per share in the linked quarter. Recall that last year's third quarter results included $1 million of after-tax merger-related expenses which amounted to $0.01 per share. There were no merger-related charges in the recent quarter or in the second quarter of 2007. In addition to the merger charges, last year's third quarter featured several non-core items. These included a gain which arose from a call of Federal Home Loan Bank advance, tax refunds and interests received plus... which arose from the resolution of pre-acquisition offer's tax returns, and then tax deductible cash contributions to the M&T Charitable Foundation. As you will recall, taken together, these three items had no... little or no impact on the bottom line in last year's third quarter. Diluted net operating earnings per share, which exclude the amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets, as well as merger-related expenses in last year's third quarter, were $1.92, compared with $1.96 in the third quarter of 2006, and $2.04 in the linked quarter. As is our custom, this morning's press release contains a tabular reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results, including tangible assets and equity. Net income for this year's third quarter was $199 million, compared with $210 million in the year earlier quarter and with $214 million in the sequential quarter. Net operating income was $209 million, compared with $223 million in the third quarter of 2006 and $224 million in the linked quarter. Return on average assets for the third quarter of 2007 was 1.37% compared with 1.49% in both the third quarter of 2006 and in the linked quarter. Net operating return on average tangible assets was 1.51% compared with 1.67% in the third quarter of '06 and 1.65% in the sequential quarter. Return on average common equity was 12.78% compared with 13.72% in last year's third quarter and 13.92% in the linked quarter. Finally, net operating return on average tangible common equity was 26.8% compared with 30.22% in the third quarter of '06 and 29.35% in the linked quarter. Turning to the net interest margin, our net interest margin in the third quarter was 3.65%, down just two basis points from 3.67% in the linked quarter and down three basis points from 3.68% in the third quarter of last year. This reflects tax, taxable equivalent net interest income for the quarter of $473 million, on an earnings asset base of $51.3 billion. The change in the margin in the linked quarter was entirely due to the impact of one more day in the third quarter. In terms of our loan book, average loans for the third quarter were $43.8 billion compared with $43.6 billion in the linked quarter, giving an annualized growth rate of 2%. Our average loans grew 5% in the third quarter of 2006. Taken by category, on a linked quarter basis, average commercial and industrial loans grew by an annualized rate of 3%, while average commercial real estate loans declined an annualized 3%. Average consumer loans were up an annualized 6% and average residential real estate loans were up an annualized 3%. Following the disruption in the credit markets in early August, we saw a surge in loan growth late in the quarter. End-of-period loans as of September 30th were up $1 billion or an annualized rate of 9% from the levels at June 30th of 2007. Taken again by category, on an annualized end-of-period basis, C&I loans grew 7%. Commercial real estate loans grew an annualized 11%, as did consumer loans grew an annualized 11% and residential real estate loans grew at an annualized rate of 8%. With respect to credit quality, non-performing loans totaled $371 million at the end of the recent quarter, compared with $296 million at the end of last quarter and a $180 million at September 30th, 2006. The non-performing loan ratio was 83 basis points at the end of September compared with 68 basis points at the end of the second quarter. That ratio was 43 basis points at the end of the September 2006. The $75 million increase in non-performing loans from the linked quarter, was primarily due to two factors. First, a $42 million increase in non-performing loans to residential developers and builders primarily in the mid-Atlantic region. The largest of these is a $31 million loan to a developer and builder of single family homes on the Eastern shore. And second, a $26 million increase in the non-performing residential mortgages, the majority of which relate to the portfolio of alternative residential mortgage loans transferred to M&T's held for investment portfolio in March of 2007. Net charge-offs for the quarter were $22 million, representing an annualized rate of 20 basis points on average loans. Both the dollar amount of charge-offs and the ratio of charge-offs to loans were unchanged from the second quarter. Net charge-offs were $17 million in the third quarter of 2006, combined to an annualized 16 basis points on average loans. The provision for credit losses in the third quarter of '07 of $34 million exceeded charge-offs for the quarter by $12 million, and resulted in allowance for credit losses of $680 million or 1.52% of loans at the end of September. Loans past due 90 days or more but still accruing interest were a $140 million at the end of the recent quarter, compared with $135 million at the end of the linked quarter, and $112 million at September 30th, 2006. At the end of the recent quarter, this category included $17 million of the loans that are guaranteed by government-related entities. Turning to fee income. Non-interest income was $253 million in the third quarter, compared with $274 million in the third quarter of last year, and $283 million in the linked quarter. The results for the third quarter of 2006 included a $13 million gain realized from the call of a FHLB advance that I mentioned earlier. Mortgage banking revenues were $32 million, compared with $36 million in the linked quarter, and $37 million a year ago. This quarter... this quarter's mortgage results included slightly lower contributions from both residential and commercial originations. The servicing and other mortgage fees little changed from the second quarter. Residential mortgage loans closed during the quarter were approximately $1.3 billion, compared with $1.4 billion last quarter. Applications were $2.9 billion, up from $2.7 billion in the linked quarter. Non-agency loans represented less than 1% of that volume. Service charges on deposits were $104 million for the quarter compared with $100 million in last year's third quarter, and $105 million in the second quarter of 2007. Other revenues from operations were $68 million for the third quarter. This compares with $73 million in the sequential quarter and $81 million in last year's third quarter, which included the FHLB gain. The primary reason for the linked-quarter decline was a $4 million reduction in advisory fees. As we said before, our investment banking unit is small and a limited number of transactions that they engage in tend to result in somewhat choppy revenue from quarter-to-quarter. M&T's pro-rata equity income from Bayview Lending Group was a loss of $11 million in the third quarter. This compares with profits of $8 million in the second quarter. When combined with the carry on the investments, the BLG investment has been dilutive to M&T's results by $0.09 per share for both the third quarter and for the year-to-date. As we said in the past, as well as in today's press release, the results from M&T's investment in BLG will fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter, depending on the timing of loan sales and securitizations conducted by BLG. In fact, BLG has executed two small balance commercial mortgage securitization, totaling $862 million that will be reflected in our fourth quarter results. Operating expenses, which exclude the amortization of intangible and merger-related expenses, were $375 million in the recent quarter, compared to $376 million in the linked quarter and $388 million in the third quarter of '06. The figure for the third quarter of '06 includes an $18 million contribution for the M&T Charitable Foundation which again I referred to earlier. The recent quarter's results include no change for the valuation allowance for capitalized residential mortgage servicing rights. This compares with an impairment charge of $5 million in last year's third quarter and the $5 million reversal in the linked quarter. As of September 30th, we continue to have about $4 million remaining in our valuation allowance for capitalized residential mortgage servicing rights. Excluding last quarter's MSR reversal, operating expenses for the quarter were down $6 million from the linked quarter with a $4 million decrease in salaries and benefits and a $2 million decrease in other expense category. During the third quarter M&T repurchased 675,000 shares of its common stock at an average cost of $105.28 per share. These shares were acquired under the repurchase program authorized by the Board of Directors in February of '07. There are over 2 million shares remaining on that authorization. Now I'd like to share our thoughts regarding the trends we're seeing in the income statement and balance sheet. At this point in time, our outlook for loan growth is in the mid single digit range. However, we were encouraged by wider credit spreads, times of more disciplined underwriting by competitors and the surge in loan demand in September. We expect the net interest margin to be relatively stable, consistent with the past several quarters. Our interest rate sensitivity position is essentially neutral, and we should see minimal impact from any further changes in the Fed funds rate. We continue to expect growth in the fee income categories with the usual caveat that certain categories such as BOLE [ph] revenue, gains on lease equipment, investment banking fees, loan syndication fees and other income from BLG, will have some variability from quarter-to-quarter. Our full year outlook on expenses is for modest controlled growth. With respect to credit, we continue to expect credit costs to trend upwards as evidenced by the rising trend in non-performing loan. Specifically, we are monitoring our residential construction portfolio carefully, as the industry-wide slowdown has impacted even some of the strongest developers and builders. Although our portfolio is largely within our banking footprint, as you all know, the pressure on real estate prices has occurred nationwide. If the current conditions continue to deteriorate, we would expect to see a commensurate increase in non-performers and credit losses. A 20 basis point charge-off ratio that we experienced in the second and third quarters is still low by historical standards, and we would expect charge-off ratio to continue to approach our long-term average of 30 to 35 basis points. There is no change in our approach to capital management and our target ratio of tangible equity to tangible assets. In the near term, we are managing the repurchase program in the context of maintaining our capital ratios while completing the Partners Trust and First Horizon transactions, possibly as early as before fourth quarter. All of these projections are of course subject to a number of uncertainties and various assumptions regarding the national and economic growth, changes in interest rates, political events and other macro economics factors which may differ materially from what actually unfolds in the future. We'll now open up the call to questions before which Natasha will briefly give you the instructions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from K.C. Ambrecht of Millennium Partners.
K.C. Ambrecht: Hi. That was correct. Thanks for taking the question. Could you just discuss your... could you give us a little bit more color around your residential home builder book in alone the mid-Atlantic? And also, if your net charge-offs... if we go back to your long-term net charge-offs trend to 30 to 35 basis points, what that kind of would imply for your... or how we should think about your reserve allowance and where do you like to take that?
René F. Jones: Yes, let me take second part of that question first. I mean, typically what you'll see is that we've consistently... we have maintained a pretty consistent approach with our allowance for loan losses. So, as you see credit quality move up, our allowance has typically been higher. So, if you think about how it works is as we see credits migrate to our process as they work through their way into the credit size loan book and then on their way to performing... to non-performings. Throughout that process they are having higher levels of allowance on those credits as they start to deteriorate. From my view, as we see the credit cycles sort of continue the trend back to historical norms. So I would expect to see our allowance levels increased.
K.C. Ambrecht: Before you move on there, when you say that, I mean you reserved a loan that's kind of hovered around, I mean that trended down in the last six quarters, it looks like from 155 to 152, but in your charge-offs, it's kind of gone up, and your NPAs have certainly gone up. So if your net charge-offs get back to 30 to 35 bps, where do you think your reserve allowance need to go to, like 175?
René F. Jones: It will depend on the loss content within the portfolio. I mean, there is not a number that you can predict a year out in that circumstance.
K.C. Ambrecht: Okay.
René F. Jones: In terms of the makeup of your loan book and what types of loss contents you have... you think you have in each credit.
K.C. Ambrecht: If there... likehome builder related there, this is residential book and mid-Atlantic though?
René F. Jones: Let me go back to the first part of your question, and I think maybe I can get to that. If you look we talk about our own home builder portfolio which is about $1.8 billion and then if you add another $400 million which is the loans secured to individuals with houses that are actually being built in loan to an individual. That gets you to about $2.2 billion. And while we don't have any material exposure to that sort of hot markets like Florida, California or the Midwest, we do expect to see much slower project sell-out and absorption rate in our markets. In the near term, we believe that most of our developers and builders have what we call in the secondary source... in secondary sources of liquidity to sort of do well in this market. But if the market continues to soften, we like everybody else would expect to see higher non-performers. If you look at the mid-Atlantic specifically what we have in the mid-Atlantic are... most of our exposure is in move-up single family homes. And the slowdown that we saw in 2006 and then in the early part of 2007 has yet to abate, and the ring... that period of time the sales and absorption rates have declined pretty significantly. Anywhere where we have seen improvements in projects has been where there has been a lowering of sales prices, and other... and where the builders are offering other incentives and that tends to sort of whittle down the inventory overhang and it really has had a positive impact. So, you get the sense that pricing and where the market pricing is naturally and on a specific project is really what's driving the performance. Having said all that, while the discounted land values have declined due to changing market in the mid-Atlantic on most projects, the loan to value remains at acceptable levels. We've received updated appraisals on all of these projects, and as we said before, we started that process in the fall of '06. We did a wholesale review in the spring... on an every six month basis we're reviewing all of the credits in that portfolio. I think I sort of mentioned the appraised value, because I think what you have to start out with is sort of think about how one of these transactions will work. If you have appraised value on a property of say $40 million and maybe you have $28 - $27 million outstanding so, you have 70% loan to value. What you have to see is if someone's ability to pay gets impaired the first step is to go back and do the appraisal. So, as long as you have a fair amount of cushion in that process right the loss content is somewhat mitigated even though you've taken this whole credit of $20 some odd million into non-performing. So, in some of these cases in a scenario that I was talking about is, as long as you have 70% loan to value, somewhere in that range, you would really have to have pretty significant shortfall, maybe a 50% drop in appraised values to have significant loss content that's commensurate with the price of the loan that you put into non-performing. So, as we see those credits move through our classified book, we are increasing our allowance for that purpose.
K.C. Ambrecht: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Bob Hughes of KBW.
René F. Jones: Hi Bob.
Robert Hughes: Hey, Good morning guys. Couple of questions. Loan growth was quite strong in the quarter, much became late in the quarter, I am just wondering René if any of that growth was bought versus originated.
René F. Jones: No. It was all originated. But we saw an uptick in almost every region. But we... with a most larger growth in September in the metro region, the New York region as well as in the mid-Atlantic. In most cases, it was all customers who were sort of coming back who had gotten shut out either from the capital markets or who had gotten... where the bank was sort of re-bidding... looking to re-bid. So, as you know we tend to do pretty well in that environment because we price through the cycle.
Robert Hughes: Okay. Are you talking about multi-family commercial real estate specifically or more C&I?
René F. Jones: Both C&I and real estate, nothing... no concentration on either one. I think it was pretty even with the exception that the mid-Atlantic was probably more C&I.
Robert Hughes: Okay. And then on BLG, those guys... they completed a securitization in the third quarter as well, didn't they?
René F. Jones: Well they went out and executed a securitization. But Bob, the way that it is works is depending on the structure of the securitization like in order for it should be a true sale, there are certain requirements. The simplest way to talk about that is you have to sell a certain percentage... a high percentage of the loans ought to be executed. And so, when you saw the disruption in the market in August, that's actually when they went out. They went out in the height of that process. So, the good news is they were able to get two transactions actually done. And what we saw was that it just sort of took a little longer to execute those transactions, right, to fully execute them. So, for our purposes as they report their results to us, you would see the impact of those gains in the fourth quarter.
Robert Hughes: Okay. And then... so then the loss in the third quarter coming from BLG stems specifically from what?
René F. Jones: What you are... you get a nice look into BLG. What you'll essentially see there is $8 or $9 million of operating expense because, you've got our share of their operating expenses. So, what you got is you got a big loan origination engine, where you're paying people to originate mortgages over time and you're underwriting those mortgages and getting them ready for sale. And so, most of what you see in those results are simply their core operating costs.
Robert Hughes: Okay great. I'll re-queue. Thanks.
Operator: : Thank you. Your next question comes from John Fox of Fenimore Asset Management.
René F. Jones: Hi John.
John Fox: Yes. Hey good morning everybody. I have couple of questions. Just to follow up on Bayview so, are you basically saying, let's say $9 million just to take the high end of $8 million to $9 million is kind of the run rate operating cost and there basically was very little gain on sale revenue to offset that in the quarter or --?
René F. Jones: That's exactly.
John Fox: I'm trying to understand from the plus 8 to the minus 11, what happened?
René F. Jones: That's exactly correct.
John Fox: Okay. So, but they did a securitization in the third quarter...
René F. Jones: Yes. As you said...
John Fox: And a quick, took so long, the revenue recognition is really in the fourth quarter?
René F. Jones: That's how it will materialize. That's correct.
John Fox: And then there were two additional small securitizations in the fourth quarter or planned for the fourth quarter?
René F. Jones: There were two done in the third quarter and it remains to be seen what will happen in the fourth quarter, but we would expect them to have a pool of loans large enough to securitize.
John Fox: Okay. So, there should be significant increase in revenue then fourth quarter versus third?
René F. Jones: Absolutely.
John Fox: Okay.
René F. Jones: Well you are on the subject. I will say that from our perspective if you think about what happened... first of all, M&T has a very little capital markets exposure prior to sort of its investments in BLG. And if you think of what happened in the market specifically in August and which actually we are still experiencing today, one of the things that we think is actually despite the fact that we wish markets to be most stable as along with everybody else, one of the things that we are encouraged by is that they actually were able to take this paper which trades like CMBS and actually execute those securitizations. It took a little longer, but from the perspective of 20% investor, we think that it's important that they were able to get them done and that they were able... do not have to go into any sort of backup liquidity plans and it really sort of speaks to the profitability and the value of their franchise.
John Fox: Right. Okay thank you for that. The second question is around, can you just describe your Alt-A business today? First, what do you have on the balance sheet? And number two, are you originating anything at all at this point and just talk about where that business stands today?
René F. Jones: Yes. If we... as I said if you look at non-agency... and if you look at Alt-A portfolio, our Alt-A exposure as what we have talked about for sometime now is $1.3 billion, $883 million of this what we took to held for investments in March, and another $400 million of that is a loans that we actually invested in during the course of 2006, okay. So that's the extent of our exposure there. If you look at our originations, our non-agency, so paper that is not sellable to agency either because of documentation or some other issue is down to 1% of our applications.
John Fox: Okay.
René F. Jones: So most of that is going to be some sort of exception.
John Fox: Okay. So anything you do to... you can...
René F. Jones: Yes. That's right.
John Fox: Okay. And I noticed securities went up in the quarter and I have heard when you make some comments at some of the conferences about the math is getting a little better on that. Can you just talk about how you think about buying securities and return on equity at this point? And do you think the balance will continue to grow?
René F. Jones: Yes, I mean just to sort of reiterate what I have said is that we were at a place where... let me start off by saying that, we tend to use securities book, one for managing our interest rate risk position, two for liquidity. And then third, we use it sort of as an offset to look through the asset classes and make sure that we are having sound return on investments. So they're trade-offs. Where we were for the two years is that we carry about a target tangible ratio of 5.4, and when you can take a AAA security, and you can get a margin of 20 basis points, that is also in the return that's single digit. So it just doesn't make any sense. And if you are using that it's a very costly way to manage your liquidity and your interest rate position. What we saw during the disruption is that you could get very, very highly rated securities, super senior AAA securities for over LIBOR plus 125, in some cases 140, and then in some cases actually higher. And when you look through the underlying quality of that paper, you are actually able to get very significant return. One way to think about that is at the time... at the time when we are actually into September the margins on those securities were actually still better than an unrated commercial real estate loan in New York City, right. So it made no sense whatsoever to book our commercial real estate loan in the third and fourth... in August and September...
John Fox: Right.
René F. Jones: To the extent that you were getting LIBOR plus 125, it just didn't make sense. So, I think that you will now see our ability to grow that portfolio if we choose to, at the same level of... as our earnings asset over time. And you'll have to watch that from quarter-to-quarter.
John Fox: Okay. Thank you very much.
René F. Jones: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Paul Delaney of Morgan Stanley.
René F. Jones: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Delaney: Good morning. I have... switching gears a little bit just looking at the deposit rate, just wondering what's going on with savings, which was down about $119 million and yet the yield was up a little bit. Just wondering what if there is anything going on there. And then secondly, the time deposits were down a lot. But, the... that the yield or cost was only down three basis points. Just wondering, if you could give us more color there?
René F. Jones: Yes. Let me start with the time deposit. If you remember a year ago, August was our 150th anniversary and we put out some special time deposit rates out there that... at that time I think our rates were at about 5, 5.50 on a one year CDC. You see a lot of run-up in time from those programs and actually given today's rate environment that's the net benefit to the margin, right.
Paul Delaney: Okay.
René F. Jones: And then, I think what we really have is very sluggish milling no growth in our non-maturity areas. And that's a reflection of sort of where we've been with our pricing. So, I think you'll see is, as we move our way towards 2008 and into 2008, you'll see a lot of focus from M&T on deposits, and that's not just in terms of sort of pricing but products and distribution and those types of things because, in our view, as we see it return to more normal loan growth, it would result in a fair amount of margin compression if we're not able to grow deposits. So, I think competitive pressures remain high probably, still remain high and there is no sort of trend in any one region it's pretty similar across all the regions.
Paul Delaney: All right, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Matthew O'Connor of UBS.
Matthew O'Connor: Hello.
René F. Jones: Hi Matt.
Matthew O'Connor: Can you talk a little bit more about when you decide to move a loan to non-performing, do you take an initial write-down I know it could be little case by case? But often we find it hard to compare NPAs from bank to bank, some NPAs or the performing, some get let down right away. So any color you can shed on that and obviously the hot topic is the commercial real estate buys.
René F. Jones: Yes. First of all, I think, one of the differences is that you get... first major difference you get from your non-performers charge-offs is whether you're secured lender or not. We are almost up... we are 99% secured lender we don't have a credit card portfolio. When you think of the commercial book, it also varies if you think of the loss content... it varies by the type of the nature of the loan. So, auto's different than the home builder is different than a typical operating loan to... C&I loan to a customer. But our process is fairly consistent throughout all those things. As I said, we sort of watch these credits and in particular, if you look at the builder real estate, we've been watching that since mid '06 and conducting much heavier reviews. Each time we do that for normally, we review a credit on an annual basis. But in these cases, we are doing it at least every six months. And so as we see them migrate we have a 15 grade system. As we see them migrate up that credit scale, particularly as they get into the classified loan book, we tend to add to the allowance based on that duration credit. So, if you think about what's happening today in the builder space, there are three particular credits that we have really in that space today. One is simply, that the appraised values are down, okay. And the customer is still paying. So, in that case we're at the point where we've taken them to non-performing because, we're sort of questioning their ability to pay. And the appraisal was down. We will take a lock, but as I said earlier unless that appraised value is really, drastically reduced on the loss content as well. But at that point in time we will reflect what we think the loss content is in the book. If you're looking at this stuff constantly over time, I wouldn't expect to take... to have a large loss content all of a sudden. And if you think about... what we are talking about here in the residential builder space, these are people who... let's take an example. Someone has 35 homes that they're building, right? You can kind of tell from month to month, from quarter-to-quarter whether the homes are selling, and you could wait until the end of the year and realize that it's too late, you're not going to sell any, then you would probably have to take a big hit. But, if you're looking at this constantly, I would expect adds to provision to be slower, and that tends... that seems to be sort of what you are seeing with us here at M&T. I don't know if that helps Matt.
Matthew O'Connor: No, that's helpful. And then just your reference of one of the credits for the appraisals, the appraised value is down but the customer is still paying. Would that be a 31 or $132 million loan that you referenced earlier?
René F. Jones: It was actually... I was referencing the one that we mentioned in the second quarter.
Matthew O'Connor: Okay. And then how about the sub that you move to M&T this quarter, and is any of that still performing?
René F. Jones: The $31 million loan that I think we have referenced is actually not paying and that was less of an appraised value which we think is an ability pay issue. And so again, now as we look to... what we would do we look to the face values and what the loss content is after taking into disposition for example. So, in that case, it's ability to pay. And as you look at each of these credits, we may have I don't know 2, 3, 4, 5 credits in this space in our classified book or non-performing it's different. It's different in region. It's not concentrated in Northern Virginia, it's in Pennsylvania, it's across the board and each circumstance is a little bit different.
Matthew O'Connor: Okay. All right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Ken Usdin of Bank of America.
René F. Jones: Hey Ken.
Kenneth Usdin: Hey thanks. Good morning René. If I could follow-up on your credit comments, one more point. You mentioned, just mentioned about that not expecting severity to all the sudden come out, suddenly and spike up. But, I am just wondering if you can box from a timeframe perspective, 20 basis points this quarter, you talked about getting more back towards your normalized 30 to 35 basis points. Is that extremely gradual? Do you have an understanding right know when you expect kind of peak losses to come, whether that's '08 or in '09? So, any color you can provide on that will be helpful.
René F. Jones: Yes, sure. In this quarter on the commercial side, we had one charge-off that was greater than $300,000 and that number was less than a million [ph]. So, what you are seeing in our charge-off profile is primarily consumer type or customer oriented loan. If we look the other way around, I would probably say it would be pretty gradual, but what you got to expect is that as you start to see... if you start to see the commercial side getting weaker, those come... those are little chunkier, right. But as of now, we have not really seen a higher volume of commercial charge-offs, but commercial side appears actually pretty good. So that what that leaves you with this, go to that consumer book, clearly what we are seeing with that Alt-A and non-agency portfolio as you saw that non-performers rose there. You are going to continue to see that speed into the charge-offs over the next, I don't know, 18 months or more. And that process should be rather gradual. I think the same is true of other consumer categories. And there while we have seen some higher delinquencies, it's actually been relatively slight... they are up slightly, and pretty modest level. But I would expect that given what we are seeing that those will start to trend up as well. So, I look at this as almost like a normal credit cycle where housing was the weakest spot, and we haven't seen much happen to-date on the commercial side. But if that comes, it will be a little chunkier.
Kenneth Usdin: So 30 to 35 could still be quite some time away, not necessarily any time soon?
René F. Jones: I wish I knew.
Kenneth Usdin: Okay. My other question is on the net interest margin. Just on your comments on the margin being stable, I mean, obviously there's a lot of working parts there, moving parts. And I wonder if you could walk us through it. I mean on the surface, you have good loan growth on one side but weak deposit growth on the other. You mentioned widening credit spreads too. So, can you just kind of walk through what you are seeing as far as the ability to keep the margin flat vis-à-vis all the moving parts?
René F. Jones: Yes, I think, we will match. I think this quarter... this year has actually been a good example in fact that we have matched. I was complaining to my guys that when the fed cut rates, we didn't get any expansion. But that's because we are neutral. I think what you would expect is that on a marginal basis, we are wholesale funded, right. So our loans are going faster than our deposits. And so what you will get with the wider credit spreads and the lower cost of wholesale funding is that on a marginal basis, the next loan you will have will actually better than it was,regular from expansion. So, that puts some positive upward pressure on the margin over time. But what... the other thing that also happened is that it's become more attractive actually to stop running off your securities book. And if we were to hold that flat or add a little bit, that's... while it's profitable, it's still relatively low margin stuff. So, I would expect all of... any positive benefit that we get from the wider credit spread and the steeper curve to be offset by asset growth and that sort of where we get back to our neutral position. Clearly, there would be more compression than I just sort of outlined if we weren't able to grow deposits. If we saw declining deposits next year, then that would mean a little bit more pressure.
Kenneth Usdin: And one follow up on that point René, everyone did a great job of lagging deposit pricing on the way up. But with you being so competitive out there how much room do you have aside from the CD roll-up that you point to before? How much room now the Fed is cutting, can you start pulling down deposit pricing today?
René F. Jones: Well, little of any... I think that was our comment in my notes that we're not going to be affected by movements in Feb bonds.
Kenneth Usdin: Okay. Thanks a lot.
René F. Jones: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Jason Goldberg of Lehman Brothers
Jason Goldberg: Good morning. I guess on the $860 somewhat million securitization that I guess will benefit you in Q4 of Bayview. Any sense in terms of what kind of gain we should expect on that?
René F. Jones: No. I think what you're going have to do Jason as this gets going we see more and more securitizations. Then you start benchmarking one after the other. But you'll be able to get a sense of it after we get through a couple of quarters in the investment. But at this point it wouldn't be really... make much sense for me try to dimension that. So, if you benchmark yourself off of the second quarter and you saw the transaction you saw where we stood there, that's probably the best place to be.
Jason Goldberg: And what were the sort of...
René F. Jones: We did $424 million... BLG securitized $424 million in the second quarter results, and then again the number that we mentioned was $862 million that they had completed since.
Jason Goldberg: Right. Okay, roughly double upfront.
René F. Jones: Yes.
Jason Goldberg: Okay. And then I guess or didn't see, I guess you made the comment they expected low earnings in 2007, I guess in light of what happened with Bayview, this quarter. Do you think that's still possible or probably going to be tough to accomplish?
René F. Jones: I don't... I am not going to change my comment at this point. But you along with everybody else recognize that, that was what we saw on August and September [indiscernible] in the market. There is a fair amount of uncertainty there. I simply think that our results were pretty much what we expected them to be but for the timing of the Bayview transactions and I don't see much of a change.
Jason Goldberg: Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Todd Hagerman of Credit Suisse
Todd Hagerman: Good morning René.
René F. Jones: Good morning, Todd.
Todd Hagerman: Just a couple of follow ups on. One just in... as you mentioned in the mid-Atlantic and the housing there. Could you just better quantify for us, just on average what kind price depreciation you've seen, other than that mid priced or mid tier housing segment?
René F. Jones: Todd did you just say price appreciation?
Todd Hagerman: Depreciation?
René F. Jones: I was going to say. The thing what I can say is that you can't still look at necessarily home prices to stay and get a benchmark of it. What really happens is that you've got a group of appraises out there where when prices start dropping, I think they tend to get relatively conservative. But quite frankly, that's where we go to get our pricing into the benchmark, what we do with our allowance and non-performers. So, I would say it depends on the project, it depends on what stage the project is in. Clearly if you actually have some vertical construction going on and you can drop prices, right, if you're close enough to that point where you can drop prices, it helps. But you can look at national average and see where you are. I would basically say that you might want to go a little bit deeper than what you're hearing in the newspapers because of the conservatism in terms of appraised value.
Todd Hagerman: Okay. And generally speaking your policy requirement on the construction piece would be on about 70% LTV?
René F. Jones: Yes, if I look at the credits that I have looked at in the classified book before we go... before we have got the reappraisal, they were in that range 70%.
Todd Hagerman: Okay. And then just secondarily, just could you give us a better sense of the off... possibly the offset in the quarter in terms of the non-performers with respect to the commercial auto floor plan? Was there any movement there?
René F. Jones: The activity there is slow but give me one second. In terms of adds, we had one credit therefore maybe $4 million that went into non-performing, and we had 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 that went out, right, smaller credits that went out. So it really seems as where we gotten through much of that, and while we continue to watch what happens with the auto industry, the fact that we sort of scrubbed especially these single product line domestic dealers seems to have sort of gotten ourselves at an inflection point.
Todd Hagerman: So you remain somewhat optimistic still on that portfolio just in terms of the workout and the progress you are making?
René F. Jones: Yes, I think we have done our work, we got good controls. We are doing all of the audits, and we are right on top of anything that goes wrong. And I think now what you have to see is you have to look to what happens in the industry, and if they got significantly worse than then which has been pretty bad. I think maybe we'd see a resurgence but right now we don't see much. We think we are actually kind of across the inflection point there.
Todd Hagerman: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Joe Fenech of Sandler O'Neill.
René F. Jones: Hi Joe.
Joseph Fenech: Good morning, René. Hey not so harp too much on Bayview but they are Florida-based, and I think it's Miami actually where they are headquartered, and we all know what seems to be happening down there. But from your comments, really it just seemed as though it was timing issue as opposed to anything that might be happening, specifically in and around the markets where they are headquartered. Can you just talk about that a little bit?
René F. Jones: Yes. I mean, first of all it's interesting that they actually... their headquarters are in Florida, but their business is throughout the United States, and there is no real concentration in any given state. So, if you think of the where the activity has been in terms of mortgage volume that's what they look like across the United States. Then they also have business in Canada and UK with the UK being smaller, right. They just entered that over past year. So, it's not a Florida, it's based in Florida that's where they live and work. But it's not where the business is.
Donald J. MacLeod: Just to give you an examples, their last securitization only 12% of the loans were in Florida.
René F. Jones: So, I think really, you have got good quality loans. Think of it as commercial mortgages. They trade like CMBS. In fact, through the cycle they traded like CMBS. And so, the disruption that you saw for everybody and the securitization markets were actually everything shut down, is what they were dealing with. And in fact, they were actually able to sell their paper.
Joseph Fenech: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Sal DiMartino of Bear Stearns.
René F. Jones: Hi Sal.
Salvatore DiMartino: Hey, guys.Most of my questions have been answered, but if I can just ask two quick questions. One, you continue to do a great job on expenses and they were down again, especially salaries. Can you add a little bit of color what's going on in terms of the costs there and what the trends are going forward?
René F. Jones: Yes, I thought that on the salary side it was split between benefit and salaries. And the benefits part I think that we have talked about FICO coming down, being seasonal in the second quarter of the year, some other medical type benefits as well coming down. On the... that was on the benefit side. On the salary side, we had a little bit of lower incentives and commissions. But really one of the things that we have got there some of businesses that you could imagine are having a tougher time this year are actually sort of addressing headcount issues and looking at where things stand, but, no big change there. I think that our expenses were a little lighter than I thought they would have been in the third quarter. And I wouldn't expect to see another decline like that in the fourth maybe, they rebound a bit. Advertising was a little low that won't continue. And so, again I think what you'll look for is a positive spread as you go into '08 and maybe that's 2%, 3%, 4% expense growth.
Salvatore DiMartino: Okay. And then just a follow-up question on the indirect auto. Can you just remind us of the footprint of that business?
René F. Jones: Yes. The footprint is predominantly our... our footprint that you know we also have relationships in New England, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut. We go out a little bit to Ohio and then down into Virginia. So it's predominately in our footprint. That's where all the volume is and then we've sort expanded out into those bordering areas. And that we've been in each of the states that I have mentioned for some time, Massachusetts I would gather for three, four years at least or five years maybe.
Salvatore DiMartino: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: : Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your next question is a follow-up from Bob Hughes of KBW.
Robert Hughes: Hey. Thanks guys. Two additional questions, I guess. The $26 million increase in NPLs you saw related to the Alt-A book, was predominantly from the '06 vintage or '07 vintage that you put on in the first quarter?
René F. Jones: Is it concentrated on any one? I don't think it's concentrated in any one. But, I think the way to think about that Bob is that what's really different in our mortgage portfolio is that we take residential mortgages to non-performing after 180... '07 apparently has little higher. We take mortgages to non-performing after 180 days and we do that because, our experience has been that as you get closer to foreclosure, a lot of these things tend in the past... tend to work themselves out. So it's no coincidence that you see a higher increase in the third quarter after what we did in the first quarter. Right.
Robert Hughes: Yes.
René F. Jones: And, so you see that big lump there and you'll continue to see more added to that portfolio. I think if you look at it Bob, in the $2.3 billion, there is about $200 million of loans that are either scratch and dent loans in which our loans that couldn't be sold through to the third party for a particular reason. They missed their first payment or what have you. And then there are probably a number... a portion of second mortgages that we are focused on. And within that $200 million what we've actually had to do is set aside and hire additional services. We've hired 20 services to service that loan book, because what we're finding is that sort of working through that process and collecting... collecting on those loans is a little bit different from a traditional mortgage.
Robert Hughes: Okay. And then as a follow up to that. The loans that were put on in the first quarter were marked down at that time. So I'd presume that deterioration of those portfolios wouldn't necessarily drive higher provisioning requirements for a while. Is that the right way to think about that?
René F. Jones: What you're seeing is... again with those residentials it's no different from what I described in the other portfolios and to the extent that, that when you write down the value, because you're saying that you think... the market is basically saying that you're going to have higher delinquencies and charge-offs and so, as it moves through the cycle.
Robert Hughes: Yes.
René F. Jones: And you're providing for that. Clearly, if you think of a residential mortgage you should be able to figure out what's going to happen within a year to 18 months right. As you see those things go delinquent and ....
Robert Hughes: Right.
René F. Jones: So, that's what would be reflected in our allowance.
Robert Hughes: Okay. And then with respect to construction loans on non-accrual that are current or accruing, are those generally still just paying out of the interest reserve or are you seeing builders paying out of their own pocket?
René F. Jones: I think it's the former.
Robert Hughes: Okay. All right, that's it. Thank you, guys.
René F. Jones: Sure Bob.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions. At this time I would like to turn the floor back over to Don MacLeod for any closing remarks.
Donald J. MacLeod: Again we thank all of you for participating today. And as always, if a clarification of any of the items on the call or the news release is necessary, please call our Investor Relations department at 716-842-5138. Thank you and good bye.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.
