===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-16 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the U.S. Bancorp First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results, there will be a formal question and answer session. This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately 11 AM Central Time. I will now turn the conference call over to George Andersen, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
George Andersen: Thank you, Julianne, and good morning, everyone. Today, I am joined by our President and new Chief Executive Officer, Gunjan Kedia, and Senior Executive Vice President and CFO, John Stern. In a moment, Gunjan and John will be referencing a slide presentation together with their prepared remarks. A copy of the presentation, our press release, and all supplemental analyst schedules can be found on our website at ir.usbank.com. Please note that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that can materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on page two of today's earnings presentation, our press release, and reports on file with the SEC. Following Gunjan and John's prepared remarks, we will be happy to take any questions that you have. I will now turn the call over to Gunjan.
Gunjan Kedia: Thank you, George, and good morning, everyone. As we begin the call today, I want to first take a moment to acknowledge the loss of our friend and colleague Terry Dolan, who most recently served as our Chief Administration Officer. We have truly appreciated the outpouring of support we have received from the investment community since his tragic passing last month, and our thoughts remain with his friends and family. If I could turn your attention to slide three. In the first quarter, we reported earnings per share of $1.03 and delivered a return on tangible common equity of 17.5%. We are pleased with the progress we have made on our strategic priorities, achieving year-over-year positive operating leverage of 270 basis points this quarter on an adjusted basis. Our continued discipline on expenses, good momentum across our fee businesses, and modest margin expansion all contributed to us achieving our third consecutive quarter of revenues outpacing expenses on an adjusted basis. Importantly, our credit quality and capital levels are strong. This quarter, our net charge-off ratio improved modestly, and we continued to build capital. We are in an environment of intense market and economic volatility. However, our management team has successfully navigated through a wide range of conditions over the years, and we are prepared for a variety of possible scenarios. Our consistent and deep culture of risk management will continue to be a competitive advantage as we go forward. Slide four is a snapshot of U.S. Bancorp today. As the largest non-GSIB bank in the country, we operate at considerable scale in the markets we serve. Our franchise is quite unique. Fee income represents 41% of total net revenue and is driven by an extensive and diversified product set. Today, two-thirds of our businesses operate nationally through an optimized digital and physical distribution model. Our client franchise of almost 15 million clients has strong loyalty and depth with us. These advantages are important to our unique and ongoing growth story. I'll turn you to slide five. As I step into my role as Chief Executive Officer of U.S. Bancorp, I want to reaffirm my commitment to our medium-term targets. The macroeconomic backdrop has shifted since our Investor Day in September, and I acknowledge that there is still considerable uncertainty to the outlook. However, a wide range of plausible forward-looking macroeconomic scenarios still support our targets. I have three immediate strategic priorities to achieve our goals: tightly manage our expenses, drive organic growth across our business, and transform our payments business. It is important to emphasize that while we are focused on organic growth, we remain deeply committed to high returns and a disciplined risk management culture. Slide six gives you more color on our expense management program. We have been actively focused on reducing expenses since early 2024. Our investment spend has stabilized and is increasingly shifting to growth-oriented investments. In addition, we are structurally driving productivity through all our operations. As the chart on the left shows, we have now delivered six consecutive quarters of expense discipline on an adjusted basis. This has been an important funding mechanism for organic growth and a significant driver of the positive operating leverage we've delivered. On the right are our four expense programs. These are well underway. These initiatives are designed to improve sustainable productivity and balance that with high-quality client service and operating effectiveness. Notably, we have additional levers we can pull and are watching the revenue environment closely to appropriately balance and flex our expense programs. On slide seven, our diversified mix of fee-generating businesses is truly a competitive advantage for us. On the left, we are disaggregating the dynamics of fee growth last year. Confidence in our medium-term fee growth target is supported by the strength we have in our core businesses like trust and investment management and capital markets fee businesses, as well as the execution momentum we have across our other organic growth initiatives. Headwinds around consumer fees and the sale of our ATM cash provisioning business are also dissipating and support stronger fee growth going forward. We are focused on leveraging a broad range of products and digital capabilities to deepen relationships with our clients and expand our reach through partnerships. I'll move to slide eight. We have an opportunity to do better with our payments businesses. Money movement capabilities are critical to anchoring client relationships, and we are committed to building a vibrant payments franchise. Our payments business drives both fee income as well as net interest income with $42 billion in attractive average loan balances. Net interest income is an important part of our payment story. And as you can see on the left, we have grown our average loan balances in line with or better than the industry. Our loan growth has benefited from a range of competitive products that offer quite attractive value propositions, especially to borrowers. Total purchase volumes across all of our payments businesses were at $925 billion this quarter for the trailing twelve-month period. The growth here could be stronger, and our target is to be more in line with the market. We have a greater focus on the affluent customer, and products like BankSmartly were designed specifically to target this segment. As I look ahead, with two new leaders in place since the start of the new year, we are actively redeploying expense saves to scale up our execution, our sales, and marketing efforts in payments. Some areas of focus are California, where our acquisition of Union Bank has given us access to a large and affluent consumer and small business base, and the expansion of our Elon franchise, which currently serves over 1,200 financial institutions across the U.S. Finally, while our merchant acquiring business contributes just over 5% of total U.S. Bank revenue, it is a unique part of our portfolio, and I know one that garners a lot of attention from the investment community as it is a key differentiator for the company. We are in the middle of a multiyear transformation here to reposition this business in three ways. The first is greater interconnectivity across the bank. The second is a sharper focus on five industry verticals, and the third is the strategic shift to a tech-led operating model that is more consistent with the buying behavior of consumers today. Tech-led represents over one-third of total merchant processing revenue, and most of our revenue generation is now concentrated in five targeted verticals. We have most recently moved up to number five in Nielsen's 2025 report ranking for processing volume. And we do have more room to grow here. Our medium-term fee growth targets for the overall bank expect a mid-single-digit growth rate for payments with more upside beyond that time frame. Finally, before I hand it over to John, I want to highlight a simpler management structure on slide nine. We are very fortunate to have a deep management bench, and I am confident we will execute with urgency on our priorities. Now let me turn the call over to John who will provide more detail on the quarter as well as forward-looking guidance.
John Stern: Thanks, Gunjan. You turn to Slide ten, I'll start with some highlights for the quarter followed by a discussion of first-quarter earnings trends. In the first quarter, we reported earnings per share of $1.03 with year-over-year top-line revenue growth and disciplined expense management. On the right-hand side of this slide, you can see that most credit quality metrics and capital levels improved both sequentially and year-over-year. In the quarter, a more favorable portfolio mix and improved asset quality resulted in a small reserve release of $10 million. The allowance this quarter also included some incremental qualitative reserves to reflect increased tariff-induced macroeconomic uncertainty. Our loan portfolio is well diversified, and we are appropriately reserved and prepared for a wide range of potentially adverse macroeconomic conditions. Our CET1 capital ratio increased 20 basis points to 10.8% this quarter as we continue to balance ongoing capital accretion with modest share repurchases. Our tangible book value per share was $25.64 at March 31st, up 13.8% year-over-year. Slide eleven provides key performance metrics. Our return on average assets and net interest margin improved linked quarter, from solid financial performance, continued expense discipline, and efficient balance sheet management. Slide twelve provides a balance sheet summary. Total average deposits decreased 1.1% on a linked quarter basis to $507 billion in line with seasonal patterns and continued prioritization of relationship-based deposits and pricing discipline. In both our mid-forties cumulative deposit beta and percentage of noninterest-bearing to total deposits of approximately 16% remain in line with expectations. Average loans totaled $379 billion, a modest increase of 0.9% on a linked quarter basis driven by commercial lending initiatives, which were partially offset by higher paydowns within our commercial real estate portfolio and continued runoff of auto loans. At March 31st, the ending balance on our investment portfolio was flat at $171 billion. This quarter, the average yield across both our investment portfolio and loan book were impacted by lower short-end rates, which more than offset the benefits of fixed asset repricing and improved asset mix. Turning to Slide thirteen. Net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis totaled $4.12 billion, relatively stable to the fourth quarter after adjusting for two fewer days as expected. Slide fourteen highlights trends in non-interest income. Noninterest income totaled $2.8 billion, an increase of 5.0% on a year-over-year basis. Driven by payments, and trust and investment management fees. Linked quarter revenue was impacted by seasonal declines in both payment services and other revenue, while our decline in trust and investment management fees resulted from less favorable market conditions. Turning to Slide fifteen. Non-interest expense for the quarter totaled $4.2 billion, stable with adjusted non-interest expense in the fourth quarter and consistent with our previous guidance. Continued expense discipline and operational efficiencies partially offset seasonal increases in performance-based incentives and merit, as well as a higher charitable foundation contribution. Slide sixteen highlights our credit quality performance on a linked quarter and year-over-year basis. Our ratio of non-performing assets to loans and other real estate was 0.45% at March 31st. An improvement from the previous quarter and a year ago. The first quarter net charge-off ratio of 0.59% improved one basis point linked quarter, and our allowance for credit losses totaled $7.9 billion or 2.07% of period-end loans at March 31st. On slide seventeen, our common equity Tier one capital ratio increased 20 basis points to 10.8% as of March 31st net of distributions. Our CET1 ratio, including AOCI, was 8.8%. During the quarter, we completed $100 million in share repurchases and moving forward, we expect the level and pace of buybacks to remain modest as we balance continued capital accretion with distributions and further evaluate broader macroeconomic conditions. Turning to Slide eighteen. We wanted to provide some additional clarity on our projected balance sheet trajectory and the drivers of net interest margin expansion. These drivers are supportive of our medium-term target. As the slide shows, we do not expect to become a category two bank before 2027. Further, we expect that our trajectory will benefit from an improved asset mix, fixed asset repricing, and continued optimization of our funding mix. The timing and ultimately where we land within the range provided will depend on several factors, including the path of interest rates and loan growth. Moving to slide nineteen. Our first-quarter results met the guidance we provided in mid-January. We are monitoring the ongoing discussions around tariffs and recognize that uncertainties remain. We will now provide second-quarter and full-year 2025 forward-looking guidance based on our current expectations. Starting with the second quarter 2025 guidance, we expect net interest income for the second quarter on a fully taxable equivalent basis to be in the range of $4.1 billion to $4.2 billion. Total non-interest income is expected to be a We expect total non-interest expense to be $4.2 billion or lower in the second quarter. And we expect to deliver positive operating leverage in the second quarter of 200 basis points or more on a year-over-year adjusted basis. I'll now provide full-year 2025 guidance, which is consistent with our previous guidance. Total net revenue growth on an adjusted basis is estimated to be in the range of 3% to 5% compared to the full year 2024. We expect to achieve positive operating leverage of greater than 200 basis points for the full year. Slide twenty shows that we have made measurable progress toward achieving our medium-term targets. Compared to the first quarter of 2024, we have improved both our profitability and efficiency ratios and have continued to enhance our capital position positioning and operating leverage trajectory. We have more work to do, but we are pleased with our progress to date. Now hand it back over to Gunjan for closing remarks.
Gunjan Kedia: Thank you, John. Let me close on slide twenty-one. I am excited to lead our exceptional bank into the future. Over the last two years, we have been focused on integrating our Union Bank franchise and then swiftly building back capital after the banking failures of 2023. We are now focused on organic growth, and our momentum on expenses is timely as we navigate a highly uncertain environment and that gives us strategic flexibility. Moving forward, my top priority is to restore investor confidence in our story and our execution. Finally, on behalf of our U.S. Bank team, I want to sincerely thank Andy Cecere for his forty-plus years of thoughtful, dedicated, and steady leadership. We all wish Andy well in his retirement. With that, we will now open the call for questions. At this time, as a reminder, if you would like to ask a question, please press. Our first question comes from Gerard Cassidy from RBC Capital Markets. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. Gunjan and John, before I ask my question, on behalf of all of the bank analysts and the investment community, I really want to offer our sincere condolences about Terry's tragic death. Not only will he be missed by his family and all his colleagues at U.S. Bancorp, but he'd be missed by everybody on this call. Throughout the investment community. All of us will keep him and his family in our thoughts and prayers. On the question, John, can you go back to your comments about the yields in the portfolios how you reference that the earning asset yields and came down for the quarter. And you pointed out, I think on slide twelve in your comments that the impact of lower short-term rates more than offset the benefits of the repricing of fixed-rate assets. What's the ideal interest rate environment for U.S. Bancorp in your view?
John Stern: Sure, Gerard. And first of all, thank you for those comments. They mean a lot, and we appreciate that very much. Onto your question on the yields within the portfolio and ideal positioning and things like that just more, you know, from a technical standpoint, the investment portfolio, you know, about half of the AFS book or about just over a quarter of the book in total is floating rate in nature. Of course, we have a lot of hedges in place to protect from shocks on the higher rates to protect capital in that sense. So that's the positioning for it. That positioning along with how we manage the rest of the balance sheet provides us how we think about interest rate sensitivity and how we want to position the bank from interest rate shocks. So today, even though the investment portfolio has some mix towards floating rate, we have other things that can offset that. Such as receive fixed swaps on the commercial loans as an example. And so when you put it all together, what we'd like to have is a neutral interest rate risk position on the balance sheet. Neutral to shocks. Now, ideally, we would like to see a more upward sloping curve. That will be more beneficial to us this of lower short-end rates would help our funding position and longer and higher longer-term rates will help with the repricing of our fixed-rate assets. So those are kind of the puts and takes as we think about the balance sheet.
Gerard Cassidy: I appreciate that, John. And then as a follow-up, you talked about your capital levels, your CET1 ratios, especially including the AOCI at 8.8%, which, of course, is well above your required level. And you're still, you know, being cautious on the buybacks. Historically, as you all know, you folks have traditionally given back 70% to 80% of annual earnings in buybacks and dividends. What kind of environment will we need to see for you guys to be comfortable to get back into that kind of 70% to 80% or return of earnings to shareholders in buybacks and dividends? Sure. So I think, you know, as we talked about at Investor Day, we talked about our capital ratio and where it needs to be. We targeted approximately 10% on a category two basis, which you just cited that the ratio where we're at right now. And, you know, we still are awaiting, you know, capital rules and things like that. Obviously, there's more favorability there with the regulatory environment. But we are as we get closer, we would anticipate, you know, that we would increase our share repurchases as we approach and achieve that approximately that 10% capital level. And the numbers that you cite, that 70%, 80%, that's the number that we provided to you on a full payback in our investor day, and that is consistent with our thinking.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. And, Andy, good luck in retirement. I wish you a lot of future success.
John Stern: Thank you.
Gunjan Kedia: Thanks, Gerard. Next question comes from Scott Siefers from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. I guess, first of all, I'd echo Gerard's sentiments and thoughts as well. Maybe John, within the 3% to 5% full-year revenue growth target, any change in sort of the expected balance between NII and fees? I know you'd talked previously about sort of mid-single-digit fee growth aspiration for the year. So maybe just within your response, we could sort of speak to any updates on main fee drivers throughout the year with like, a particular emphasis on the payments momentum that you would see developing if possible.
John Stern: Sure. So thanks, Scott. You know, first of all, you're right. No change to our guidance 3% to 5% is our expectation. We see we and we acknowledge, of course, that the market is uncertain. There's things in the tariff discussions that everyone is watching. We acknowledge that. But we still feel good about our revenues and our ability to execute. On the net interest income side, we shared a slide in terms of how we see a path of how net interest margin will grow. That starts with fixed asset repricing and better mix in terms of our loan book. On the fee side of things, we still believe the mid-single digit is an appropriate way to think about fee growth for the year. Gunjan commented on the payment side of things, and we have good initiatives beyond that as well as in other parts like capital markets and trust and investment management and all these other sorts of things. And then importantly, I know you didn't ask, but expense, we have a lot of levers there as well, which you know, will help us achieve operating leverage that we have talked about in terms of 200 basis points or more for the full year. So, you know, we understand the market has changed, but our clients are resilient, and we have a lot of confidence in our ability to execute.
Scott Siefers: Okay. Perfect. Thank you for that. And then maybe sort of a top-level one. Can you all sort of address what you're seeing just in terms of some of the consumer spending patterns? I mean, for your size, just given the payments business, you see sort of an outsized amount of spending. Just curious to know what changes, if any, you've seen since all this uncertainty really ramped up and if there's been any change in particular since early April when things really began to hit it in a bigger way.
Gunjan Kedia: Scott, let me start there. We saw a modest pullback in consumer spending early in the year, and that was very weather-related. And it has stabilized towards the end of March. We are watching the downward trend in consumer sentiment, but not seeing that in our spend patterns. Our mix does tilt towards the more affluent customer and towards non-discretionary everyday spend patterns. So that could be an explanation, but we are seeing steady consumer spend patterns in the first quarter.
Scott Siefers: Perfect. Alright. Thank you both for all the color.
Gunjan Kedia: Thank you, Scott.
Operator: Our next question comes from John McDonald from Truist Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
John McDonald: Yes. Hi. Good morning. Gunjan, I wanted to ask you a little bit bigger picture on the payments business. You've acknowledged it's been a little bit disappointing relative to what you see as its potential. Did we collectively have too high expectations for payment the last couple of years or is it a question of needing to get further along in this shift towards the tech-enabled order to better align the business with the industry dynamics?
Gunjan Kedia: Good morning, John. It is a very good question. It's not entering too high. The industry is quite attractive. The way we manage our business is quite focused on margins. So I think the right way to think about our personal aspirations is to have a very nice balance of margin and growth. What we are seeing here is that the balance sheet side, the NII side of the payments business is actually very attractive, and it is tracking with the industry. And our product offerings historically have been quite attractive for the borrower segment. We like that. We want to continue that. We are leaning in on also the affluent transactor segment. With a new lineup of products that is attractive to them so we can also augment the fee growth. So our expectation would be that we would be in line with the market on volumes, and we'll maintain our margin, and it'll be a very healthy accretive sort of trajectory for the overall payments business for us. And then, of course, I always want to remind you that the reason we are in payments is not because it's a standalone attractive business. It's a very attractive product. To anchor our client relationships across all banking products. So that's sort of our expectation for payments.
John McDonald: Okay. Great. And then, John, a question on expenses. You can put this in the category of no good deed goes uncriticized. You've done a great job keeping quarterly expenses flat for a bunch of quarters in a row now. Can you just remind us why that still enables you to invest enough to play offense against some aggressive payments competitors and a bunch of offense-minded banks that are expanding throughout the country?
John Stern: Well, I think the beauty of our expense programs is we've been able to take a lot of the savings that we've had and invested in and continue to invest. John, we talked at Investor Day about how our investment has, over the years, gone more from defense in building out all the infrastructure needed to more offense or more two-thirds offense versus one-third defense. When we think about our CapEx levels, which is in that kind of $1.25 billion. We have OpEx and tech or total tech amount in that kind of $2 billion to $2.5 billion on an annual basis. And so we continue to invest in all the And so we feel really good about the levers that we have, and that's been part of our plan is to take savings and continue to invest and be offensive-minded about it.
John McDonald: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Betsy Graseck from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Betsy Graseck: Thank you. And I also thank you, Gerard, for saying that. And team, I will always remember Terry's big smile and warm embrace. And Andy, all the best for you in your retirement, and I hope you enjoy every moment of it. Back to business, Gunjan, just a follow-up to the last question. When we think about the March market here that you're trying to match the growth rate of, maybe if you give us a little bit of an understanding as to what market we're talking about. When I speak with investors on this topic, I hear many different thoughts on what the market is. Is it pure play merchant acquirers? Is it other banks in the payments ecosystem of which, you know, everybody is, obviously? Or leaders in that regard. It would just be helpful to understand what your definition of market and market growth rate is. Thanks so much.
Gunjan Kedia: Thank you, Betsy, and thank you for your remarks for Terry and Andy. So first, we think of the market as being U.S. Not global because the growth rates are different. We have a credit box, a very specific intentional range that we target. So we think about that, which is not sort of super, super, super prime, and it's certainly not subprime. We're very well positioned sort of in the right mix of yield versus charge-off rates in that middle to high segment. And then the third is we want profitable margins. So we do actually in our internal thinking think of the big, big e-commerce, large box retailers as a different growth rate because we're very committed to high returns. And that market is big enough and growing healthy enough for it to be a very vibrant business for us.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Great. And then just a follow-up is on lending in general, and I noticed your C&I lending was quite strong this quarter. Anything in payments there? And I did notice that your C&I lending commentary in the press release had to do with a majority of that coming from non-bank or non-depository financial institutions. So could you give us some color on that and is payments a part of that and DFI? Thanks.
John Stern: Yeah. So Betsy, I'll start with that. So on the commercial side, we and core commercial loans, we did see nice growth there. There's really three drivers as I think about it. We had some growth in ABS lending, which is what you were referring to that obviously was a driver. We had greater utilization rate and that was across the board. And throughout the quarter, it wasn't just at the end of the quarter. It persisted and it hit, you know, it was all markets and we're up fifty basis points. And I'd say we're getting closer to kind of our long very long-term normal rates in terms of utilization, which is good to see. And then the third thing is we've been seeing nice growth in our middle market. Loans, particularly in expansion markets where we have been growing as we've on one of the pages that we have, we signify where those expansion markets are. So those are the three things that we saw during the quarter for the growth that you mentioned.
Betsy Graseck: Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Mayo from Wells Fargo.
Mike Mayo: Hi. It's well said by Gerard and Betsy on the tragedy. Gunjan, you're now CEO of U.S. Bancorp, I guess, as of yesterday, and you did highlight some changes in management to make it more simple. Interconnected, focused on the five verticals. You said your number one priority is to restore investor confidence with and you can see by the stock price, it's not the valuation it once was. You said you want to have better expenses, organic growth. And payments being the way to better returns and always superior risk management. So I hopefully, I summarized that okay. But and I said it at an investor day. Like, Andy, I love you, but, unfortunately, I didn't love the stock price performance and I so restoring investor trust with getting that confidence back to the company, which should lead to the stock price. So Gunjan, but, I mean, sometimes you have all-star teams or often you have all-star teams that lose regular teams. And you have a lot of good players. It just doesn't work out. So I'd say it just a stock price standpoint, it hasn't worked out over the longer term. So Gunjan stylistically, I know you're doing a lot of continuation, but what are you doing differently? Now versus Andy? I know you're next to each other and your partners, and all that, but I want to know how you're different that might evolve U.S. Bancorp to better performance that would lead to a higher stock price and your number one goal, restoring investor confidence. Thank you.
Gunjan Kedia: Good morning, Mike. So let me just start by acknowledging that I'm not happy with the stock performance as well. And so we feel the urgency and we hear the message. The priorities that I have laid out do reflect my observations and what we need to do differently. So the expense discipline, which was very core to the U.S. Bank story, needs to come back, and you've seen us make very strong progress there. That allows us to not just deliver the positive operating leverage and efficiency ratio targets that we are aiming for but also invest in organic growth. So it's a sustainable performance trajectory. The second thing is, as you know, U.S. Bank's history has been to grow through a series of acquisitions and then in more recent times since the GFC to outperform through risk management. We do need to build out the organic growth muscles. So the focus on taking a very exceptional set of businesses because our portfolio is very attractive. And amplifying their performance especially in payments, are all the priorities that I think say things need to be done differently. And finally, it just comes back to a culture that will show a very different level of urgency around execution. So, again, I'll close my remarks by just acknowledging your comments. That we have an exceptional franchise and we're very confident that the results would be better going forward.
Mike Mayo: I appreciate that. When you look at the five verticals, that might be the first time you mentioned it. What are the five verticals and you said that's most of the revenues and what's the opportunity to move the Union Bank franchise up to the U.S. Bancorp levels because it seems like those would be some organic growth opportunities. Thanks.
Gunjan Kedia: That is indeed very it's an important organic growth opportunity. And here, you are talking about merchant businesses. And just a reminder, the merchant MPS business is about 5% of our overall bank, but a very important differentiator for us. It's a very competitive space, and the reason to think about focusing on the five verticals is you can build stronger tech-led value propositions for each of the verticals. They are very large verticals. So they are retail, services, travel, entertainment, and health care. And the more we have focused our acquisition efforts and our organic growth efforts on those verticals, the deeper and the better execution we have. And today, about 90% of our revenue focuses on those verticals.
Mike Mayo: And Union Bank? Of the potential to move that up to your level?
Gunjan Kedia: So Union Bank is a very affluent franchise, a very attractive franchise, more than a million plus clients two hundred thousand small businesses. Where we are there is about two-thirds of the penetration on the consumer side relative to where we are on the rest of the franchise and less than half on the small business side. So getting those to U.S. Bank levels in the medium term is a very important growth opportunity for us. Now you didn't ask, but let me just talk about a second one too, which is our Elon franchise. You know, we serve twelve hundred financial institutions in a white-label way across the U.S. That platform has really improved. Just last year, we have made some very nice enhancements to the user experience and the core platform. Platforms, and that's another growth engine that we are very excited about.
Mike Mayo: Alright. Thank you.
Gunjan Kedia: Thank you, Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erika Najarian from UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Erika Najarian: Yes. Hi. Good morning. My first question is for John. Just wanted to unpack on slide eighteen your comments of a medium-term net interest margin of 3% plus medium-term representing 2026, 2027. So I quickly looked at your so, typically, when we've seen this kind of uplift from the two seventies, it's because there's some sort of, you know, some hedges that are rolling off. And, you know, I'm looking at your c nine series r r yields and then compared it to peers that aren't super hedged. And there doesn't seem to be a mismatch there. Your bond yields are a little bit lower than peers. I'm wondering, you know, and I couldn't really tell from your swap disclosures at investor day what could be optimized. But beyond rates, what is the balance sheet optimization plan to get you from the two seventies to three percent?
John Stern: Sure. Thanks, Erica. So a couple of things there. In terms of the hedges and just how we're progressing here. You know, what we're signifying there is the loan growth and investment portfolio remix as well as the repricing. So a lot of this is mechanical in terms of the repricing. I mentioned before, we have five to seven billion on average per quarter that roll off on loans. Fixed-rate loans that will reprice 150 to 200 basis points better and then an investment portfolio of three billion on average for the quarter. And so those at the same levels as well, 150 to 200 basis points. So those things will help drive up net interest margin over time and as well as how we think about the mix of our loan book. So reposition into things that have higher yield, better returns, those sorts of things. The other component of it then is on the deposit and funding side. And that is gonna have a little bit of market attached to it. So to the extent the Fed cuts, and funding costs go down, that will accelerate our trajectory on net interest margin. If we stay at a flatter rate, or inverted like we are today on the short end of the curve, then that it could take a little bit longer. And that's just contemplated within this guide here. And so those are the things that we are considering. Now you also made a comment on hedges, and I just just to be clear, there is really no net interest income impact from our hedges. The pay fix swaps that we have on the investment portfolio from an accrual standpoint, completely offset received fixed swaps we have on the commercial loan book. And so you may look at period comparisons. I know that's hard to do because you don't see every single swap and all that sort of thing. But at the end of the day, when you put it all together, all these rates were all these hedges were put on in roughly the same ZIP code of rates that we are today. And so the accrual of all of it is negligible to the net interest income.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And my second question is just maybe reasking Gerard's question another way. When we got together in September during investor day, you unveiled a five billion dollar buyback. You talked about a modest pace of buyback activity. And sort of, you know, pegged it, I'm guessing, to the ten percent x AOCI number. Improving to 8.8% this quarter. And if I recall correctly, I think there is some commentary in September about being back half weighted in 2025 in terms of the buyback activity. And I guess as I think about the opportunity and, you know, I'm guessing based on Gunjan's comments, you know, you think that the stock is inherently undervalued and obviously the macro isn't helping the value of the stock either. What is our marker? Is our marker now the ten percent you know, CET1, including AOCI, is our marker time or, you know, have things changed because of the economic uncertainty in terms of the buyback pacing?
John Stern: Yeah. So it's a number of things there. Erica, that we looked at. You know, I mean, obviously, in September, we talked about our new buyback program and how we will balance out distribution with capital build. And we continue to see that and want to do that. We've been doing a good job in marching higher our capital levels. As we mentioned, the 8.8 But we aspire to be at ten percent on a CAT two basis, and so know, as we kind of move forward our objective is to continue to grow the share repurchases over time. But in the meantime, we want to make it more balanced. We want to continue to grow capital. And we are mindful of other things such as loan growth, such as the macroeconomic environment, Share price obviously matters. So all those things we have to consider but those are that's kind of the glide path that we talked about, and that's still consistent with what we mentioned back in September.
Gunjan Kedia: And, John, I'll just add, Erica, we are very committed to the overall distribution levels and getting to that in due course. So this is really a matter of managing the transition especially in a time like that prudently and not being in a rush to do something small, but very committed to the long-term distribution targets we have.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ebrahim Poonawala from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Good morning. I guess, first, just want to echo what Betsy and Gerard said. So but in terms of the question, John, just want to make sure I'm not putting words in your mouth, but did you bless that you believe that absent any macro shocks, the margin should be three percent average for 2027?
John Stern: So we didn't this expectation expectations that we will achieve three percent managed margin over the medium term. 2026 or 2027. Those are the two dates that we have in mind. It's not an average or anything. It's just achieving that achieving that level. The speed and pace in which we can get there really depend on with respect to at least the last one. The curve shape, deposit environment, and then bonus would be loan growth as well, which we have a very modest amount in our forecast. Given the environment that we're in. The first two are fairly mechanical and are very much in our control. And so that's the the third is more of the flip, is the more of the the item that we're watching more. And so that's kinda what we meant by that. Those comments.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. I guess just a separate question on expenses. So laser focus on operating leverage, It's been flat. Is it fair to assume that we could see multiple quarters of flat to lower expenses yeah, in the kind of revenue growth backdrop that you have talked about or guided for given all the efficiencies opportunities within the bank, or is that being too aggressive?
Gunjan Kedia: Ibrahim, let me start there. What we are managing to is delivering positive operating leverage. To the extent that the revenue picture has some uncertainty to it, we are flexing our expense base to deliver both positive operating leverage and invest back into growth. So what you should be looking for is the consistent positive operating leverage and the expense base will depend on the revenue environment.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. Thank you.
Gunjan Kedia: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Carcache from Wolfe Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Bill Carcache: Good morning, Gunjan and John, and thank you for taking my questions. Following up on your expense commentary, your 200 plus basis points of positive operating leverage is very clear in your guidance, but is it reasonable to expect that positive operating leverage could break above 300 basis points given the continued tailwinds from fixed-rate asset repricing that are fairly mechanical in nature. Your NIM commentary, John, and sort of just that expense trajectory that you've been on. Understanding there's a lot of uncertainty at a macro level, but you know, sort of steady state with where we are. Would that be a reasonable expectation?
John Stern: Sure. Thanks, Bill. So I think, you know, in terms of operating leverage, just to reiterate what Gunjan said, we're looking at obviously growing our revenues through a number of different initiatives that we've talked about. And how that comes to be, obviously, there's a macroeconomic environment that we have to acknowledge. And to the extent that that is better than what we had expected, then we will grow expenses to match that. If things are on the other side, then we'll flex down and we have the levers to do that. Ultimately, we're talking about achieving over 200 basis points of positive operating leverage. And that may bounce up and down a little bit above that level quarter to quarter based on the circumstances of that quarter. So could something hit 300 basis points? It could. It's possible, but we would likely want to invest and make some additional investments during that particular quarter. So that's gonna be the throttle that we think about as we move forward.
Bill Carcache: Understood. Thanks, John. And separately on credit, your flat relatively flat reserve rate seems consistent with stable asset quality across your consumer commercial portfolios. But maybe if you could just discuss what you're hearing from clients who are most exposed to changes in tariff policy. There's still a lot we don't know, but can you give us a sense for whether your client base is more exposed to the risk of a potentially more significant credit event versus simply just slower growth that would be relatively manageable.
John Stern: Sure. Thanks, Bill. So broadly speaking, we're not seeing anything overall. It's way too early as you said. The commentary changes frequently. And so we're all awaiting and watching. However, all that said, as you would expect, we have a very strong credit risk management team. They have an idea of the subsets of portfolios that we look at. That would be all the natural players that you would think of when you think tariffs on things like automobiles and building materials and things of that variety. So when you think of that sort of thing, you know, the important thing is also understanding the client because each client is gonna have a different supply chain and different unique circumstances. So it's really about understanding the portfolio and getting ready for those sorts of events. We're hopeful for every for it, but we're also acknowledging that there are conversations out there on tariffs, and we want to be prepared for it.
Bill Carcache: Thank you for taking my questions.
John Stern: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Usdin from Autonomous Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ken Usdin: Thanks. Good morning. If I could just clean up a couple of quick things. Can you just let us know what curve you're now using in terms of cuts in the ten-year relative to what you gave us in January?
John Stern: Sure. So right now, our most recent forecast includes two cuts, one in the summer and one in the fall. From the Federal Reserve on the short end, and then the long-term rates are pretty much in the ZIP code of what we have today throughout the course of the year. So that's effectively what our expectations or our projections are at this point.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Cool. And then a couple of quick things on fees. So on the payment side, you had talked previously quarters about prepaid card getting to a run rate. Did that happen in the first quarter and kind of going forward any other things we should be thinking about outside of, you know, seasonality in terms of just the kind of organic growth rate of payments?
John Stern: Yeah. So prepaid card had some impact this quarter. That's all completed now. It was worth a couple of points within that line item. Of the card book. That's all completed now. And so going forward, I would expect normal seasonality that you would expect from and we've talked about that or had that in our slides in the previous in terms of the trends that we see up from a seasonal basis. So all those things still hold, and that's our expectation going forward.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And last one, just you mentioned, I think, in your remarks about how the corporate services capital markets had a good DCM or, you know, debt issuance type of quarter. Do you see some of that as either, you know, pull forward in the environment or just can you just talk through your general pipelines for the capital market side of that corporate services business? Thanks.
John Stern: Sure. Yeah. The capital markets business continues to show a lot of growth opportunities. We've been growing our client base. Both in terms of high grade as well as or investment grade as well as high yield. The foreign exchange and derivative or client interest rate derivative businesses have very strong pipelines. The market volatility has been very good to those businesses as we continue to build that out. So we have a lot of momentum in that space. And we feel really good about it as we march throughout the course of the year.
Ken Usdin: Alright. Thanks, John.
John Stern: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Pancari from Evercore ISI. Good morning. Just a follow-up there on the fee side. I know you cited mid-single-digit growth expectation. On fees. And I just want to see if you can more explicitly break that down by the various lines that you're how you're thinking and if that's changed from previous. And more specifically, I'm interested in card. I know I think you have pointed out in the past that you're confident in mid-single-digit growth rate in card. In 2025, but it was up about 1.5% year over year this quarter. I know you mentioned card spend was weaker earlier in the quarter and stabilized in March. But how is mid-single-digit sustainable when you're coming off of this level and there's a macro outlook? Thanks.
John Stern: Sure. So, you know, in terms of mid-single-digit growth, that's for the entire key complex that we have, not just card. Card was impacted, as I mentioned, with the prepaid item for the first quarter. But as we get beyond that, then we expect to grow. And, you know, the payment trends that Gunjan spoke of was really a temporary phenomenon in terms of the weather. So that's really what we saw there. We expect to see growth in that as well as areas like trusts, capital markets that I just spoke of, and things like that. Other revenue was also up, and I would mention we've given a range of $125 million to $150 million. I would expect that to be on the upper end of that range as we move forward throughout the course of the year. So it's those sorts of things that are driving us for that mid-single-digit growth for the fee complex.
John Pancari: And again, excluding that, the prepaid card and then the weather dynamic, I mean, did you achieve would you say it's about a mid-single-digit growth year-over-year pace when adjusted? Basis in the card business?
John Stern: Well, card grew at 4%. Credit card, just overall, forgetting the prepaid for a moment. So we're at that pace. So we feel good about the trajectory.
John Pancari: Okay. Got it. Alright. Thanks for that, John. And then separately, back to the operating leverage, not to be the dead horse, but the 200 basis point expectation, and I know you had indicated several times that you do have some levers. If revenue does come in weaker and we all worry for the industry as a whole, as we're looking at it right now, revenue may come in weaker. So like, what are the areas that you actually have leveraged? What areas can you pull back materially in cost where you already haven't done so? I just want to see if you can kind of maybe walk through that because it's clear that you're investing a lot of still a transformation in payments and obviously strengthening your organic capability. So curious where the real levers are in the cost base.
John Stern: Sure. So, you know, in terms of the cost base, a lot of the programs that we listed on our slide deck are really programs that we have on expenses. And some of these things are short-term that can be realized immediately. Some take a longer time to implement. And so the timing of that matters in terms of the levers that we can pull. And so as we've talked about with operating leverage, we have flexibility within those expense programs to increase or increase the pace of savings or not depending on the revenue environment. And so, obviously, we're watching the revenue environment like everybody else. And this is just the number of things that we can do, whether it's real estate or automation or looking at our org structures and things of that variety, we have control over. And so those are the sorts of levers that we have.
Gunjan Kedia: And, John, I'll just add that the flexes and how much we reinvest back into the business, the expense savings we are focused on driving. So the flex is just how much we get to invest back in the business.
John Pancari: Okay. Great. Thank you, Gotcha. Thanks, John. Thank you. Best.
Operator: Our next question comes from Saul Martinez from HSBC. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Saul Martinez: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. I wanted to go back to slide eighteen and drill down on that and if you if they run the math on that slide and think about what it implies for net interest income. You have $700 billion plus of average earning assets in 2027. If I assume the ratio of earning assets to total assets is roughly constant, from here. And apply a 3% NIM you get to over a $19 billion net interest income figure for 2027, which is, you know, a CAGR of over 5%. From 2024 and you know, versus 2025 where the growth is probably gonna be less than that. It kind of implies almost high single-digit growth and on the back end of that 2026 and 2027, and it's well above, you know, our estimate or consensus. So I'm curious what you know, your reaction to that is, and do you think consensus is too low for net interest income and you know, in addition to that, what are you you know, I assume you're assuming low single-digit loan growth and, you know, the long end of the curve kinda staying where it's at. But you know, just anything any additional details on some of the underlying assumptions would be helpful as well.
John Stern: Sure. Sure. So I'll thank you for that. So, you know, if I what we wanted to project is just our thoughts on what our thoughts are on particularly on the asset side, how the balance sheet is gonna grow. As you suggest, if you do the math on just kind of the midpoints of those ranges, it's really a kind of a low single-digit growth, which implies the loan growth is muted, and that's what we see, and that's what we forecast. Now it certainly could be bigger than that, depending on how the economy evolves, etcetera. We don't know that. Getting out to 2027 and making a call on net interest income is very hard to do, obviously, and I won't do that here. I'm just offering a page to share with you our thoughts on how the net interest margin will evolve over time. It really is driven by the two things that are quite mechanical and they're in control, which loan and investment portfolio repricing and remixing that we think will be very beneficial to us. And then the funding component will have some market components, as I mentioned. So those are kind of the highlights of that page. We just wanted to provide a path of how we're thinking about net interest margin go forward.
Saul Martinez: No. I get that. You know, and I get that it's unclear or you don't want to give a net interest income figure for 2027, but you know, we have the NIM you're giving a NIM figure and you're giving an asset figure. So you know, we can multiply one by the other and, you know, extrapolate. So you know, and it does seem to be suggesting a much higher figure than you know, where the street is at in terms of that interest income.
John Stern: Yeah. I mean, it's, again, it's based on our internal view of how we believe that the net interest income will evolve given the assets that we have in the balance sheet, how those will reprice over time. And how our deposit optimization can work over time. Again, we assume an upward sloping curve here. And some of the projections we talked about at investor day, those apply to this. And so those are some of the factors that we have to consider. And it creates a wide range of change, but we wanted to provide you at least the path of how we think about it within our modeling.
Saul Martinez: Okay. That's helpful. I'll see the floor. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivek Juneja from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Vivek Juneja: Thanks. Couple of questions. Firstly, merchant processing and corporate trust, what percentage of the revenues are in Europe?
John Stern: Well, on the merchant side, it's about a third of the revenues as it relates to that. On the trust and fund services, it's even smaller than that. It's probably sub ten percent, I would say.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. Different topic. Gunjan, your thoughts on this. You've talked about the Edward Jones partnership. And driving growth through that. There was an article that I saw about Edward Jones actually submitting an application to set up their own bank and wanting to grow their own deposit program. Could you talk a little bit about how that would work with your partnership?
Gunjan Kedia: Good morning, Vivek. So we are very aware of their plan. And we have been all through our discussions around our partnership. What they are trying to do with their own bank application is a very limited scope. For CD-like saving products, but the big bulk of banking capability that combines with their financial advice and brokerage capabilities is gonna come from us. So this was very well contemplated to our discussions. Not a surprise to us.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. Okay. And lastly, just in the cleanup thing for you, John, other income, is you'd guided previously to $125 million to $150 million. Is that still the normal run rate? Given the upside you had this quarter?
John Stern: Yeah. I think that we'll be on the high end of that range as we think about that going forward. Some more in the $150 million area is kinda how we think about that for the foreseeable future.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our last question will come from Matt O'Connor from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Matt O'Connor: Hi. I want to follow up on the new credit card, the zero percent for two years and often there's an upfront drag as you kind of ramp up those loans and then obviously get paid back on the other side. But anything that we should be modeling for that as we think about kind of upfront next several quarters?
Gunjan Kedia: Matt, the concept is very appropriate. There is an investment into building out the pipeline. We manage that quite carefully so that it does not change the overall dynamics of the fee growth. And it's a consistent inching up of the organic growth to create momentum going forward. So we would not expect it to show up in your modeling in any meaningful way. But it does create pipeline strength eighteen to twenty-four months out.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. And then a little bit of a lead into my follow-up question on the net interest income guide for 2Q. Think ex day count, if you take the midpoint, it's relatively flat. And I guess I don't know why not grow a little bit as we think about progressing throughout the year starting in 2Q?
John Stern: Yeah. Sure, Matt. So I think just given the environment and how things have evolved, we wanted to provide a little bit more of a range. We do expect net interest income to grow. Obviously, there is one more day, so it's about $20 million or so. For the second quarter. Ex that, we do expect growth, but we you know, it's a volatile market, and we want to had some uncertainties and we don't or there is uncertainty, I should say, in the marketplace and we want to reflect that.
Matt O'Connor: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Mister Andersen, I turn the call back over to you.
George Andersen: Thank you to everyone who joined our call this morning. Please contact the Investor Relations department if you have any follow-up questions. You may now disconnect the call. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-16 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the U.S. Bancorp Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately 11 AM Central Time. I will now turn the conference over to George Andersen, Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp. Please go ahead.
George Andersen: Thank you, Audra, and good morning, everyone. Today I'm joined by our Chairman and CEO, Andy Cecere; President, Gunjan Kedia; Vice Chair and CAO, Terry Dolan; and Senior Executive Vice President and CFO, John Stern. In a moment, Andy and John will be referencing a slide presentation together with their prepared remarks. A copy of the presentation, our press release, and all supplemental consolidated schedules can be found on our website at ir.usbank.com. Please note that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of today's earnings release presentation, our press release, and in reports on file with the SEC. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will be happy to take any questions that you have. I will now turn the call over to Andy.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, George. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. I'll begin on Slide 3. In the fourth quarter, we reported $1.01 per diluted share or $1.07 after adjusting for notable items. John will discuss these one-time charges in his prepared remarks. Net revenue totaled $7 billion for the quarter and $27.5 billion for the year as we saw both sequential and year-over-year quarterly growth in net interest income and non-interest income driven by effective balance sheet management, earning asset repricing and mix, and our highly diversified fee business offerings. Overall, the quarter was highlighted by top line revenue growth and continued expense discipline, which resulted in 190 basis points of positive operating leverage on an adjusted basis year-over-year. Turning to Slide 4, we had slight balance sheet growth this quarter with average earning assets increasing 1.2%, driven by higher on-balance sheet liquidity. This quarter, we had modest loan loss reserve release, largely reflective of improved credit quality and a more favorable portfolio mix. On the bottom right of the slide, you can see that our CET1 capital ratio increased 10 basis points from the prior quarter to 10.6%. Our tangible book value per share total $24.63 at December 31, an increase of 10.4%, compared to the end of last year. During the quarter, we effectively balanced continued capital accretion with an initial $100 million of share repurchases. Slide 5 provides key performance metrics. On an adjusted basis, we delivered an 18.3% return on tangible common equity and an improved efficiency ratio of 59.9% in the fourth quarter. Turning to Slide 6, fee income represented over 40% of total net revenue in the fourth quarter. Results this quarter were driven by double-digit, year-over-year fee growth in commercial products, trust and investment management, and investment product revenues. Slide 7 highlights a few of our key selected initiatives on interconnectedness across the franchise. Let me now turn over the call to John, who will provide more detail on the quarter as well as forward-looking guidance.
John Stern: Thanks, Andy. If you turn to Slide 8, I'll start with a more detailed earnings summary followed by a discussion of fourth quarter earnings trends. In the fourth quarter, we reported earnings per diluted common share of $1.01, which included $109 million of notable expense items or $82 million net of tax. Notable items for the quarter included $60 million related to operational efficiency initiatives and $49 million from lease impairments associated with strategic real estate restructuring actions. After adjusting for these notable items, we delivered diluted earnings per common share of $1.07 this quarter. Slide 9 provides a balance sheet summary. Total average deposits increased 0.7% on a linked quarter basis to $512 billion as we continue to prioritize relationship-based deposits and maintained our pricing discipline. While total non-interest bearing deposits increased slightly this quarter, this was largely driven by institutional deposit seasonality at the end of the quarter. Importantly, after accounting for this seasonality, our percentage of non-interest bearing deposits to total deposits now looks to have stabilized in line with our earlier expectations. Average loans totaled $376 billion, a modest increase of 0.4% on a linked quarter basis, driven by commercial lending initiatives, slower paydowns, and new originations in residential mortgages, as well as higher seasonal credit card spend. At December 31, the ending balance on our investment portfolio increased slightly to $171 billion from opportunistic repurchases of securities. This quarter, we saw a slight decline in the average yield across both our investment portfolio and loan book as the impact of variable rates more than offset the benefits of fixed asset repricing. Turning to Slide 10, net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis totaled $4.18 billion, which was stable to the third quarter. For the year, total net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis was slightly better than our earlier guidance of $16.4 billion. Slide 11 highlights trends in non-interest income. Linked quarter, we saw non-interest income growth in the trust and investment management and other revenue that was partially offset by lower mortgage banking and seasonally lower payments revenue. Importantly, excluding security losses, full year noninterest income increased 3.9% compared to 2023, consistent with our 2024 guidance as we benefited from continued growth across our diversified and differentiated business mix. Turning to Slide 12, non-interest expense for the quarter totaled $4.2 billion as adjusted. For the year, total non-interest expense was $16.79 billion as adjusted, which was just below or better than our full-year guidance of $16.8 billion. We remain focused on prudent expense management and continued to benefit from operational efficiencies across the company. Slide 13 highlights our credit quality performance. Asset quality metrics this quarter were in line with expectations and reflected ongoing macroeconomic stability. Our ratio of non-performing assets to loans and other real estate was 0.48% at December 31st, compared with 0.49% at September 30th and 0.40% a year ago. The fourth quarter net charge off ratio of 0.60% was flat to the third quarter as expected and our allowance for credit losses totaled $7.9 billion, or 2.09% of period-end loans at December 31st. Turning to Slide 14, our CET1 capital ratio of 10.6% as of December 31st increased 10 basis points net of distributions, which included an initial $100 million of share buybacks this quarter. Moving forward, we expect the level and pace of buybacks to remain modest in the near term as we balance continued capital accretion with distributions. I will now provide first quarter and full year 2025 forward-looking guidance on Slide 15. Starting with the first quarter 2025 guidance, net interest income is expected to be relatively stable to the fourth quarter of 2024, excluding the impact of fewer days. As a reminder, the first quarter has two fewer days than the fourth quarter. Total non-interest expense is expected to be relatively stable to the fourth quarter level of approximately $4.2 billion as adjusted. We expect to deliver positive operating leverage in the first quarter of 200 basis points or more on a year-over-year basis. I'll now provide full-year 2025 guidance. Total revenue growth on an adjusted basis is estimated to be in the range of 3% to 5% compared to the full year 2024. We expect to achieve positive operating leverage excluding the impact of security gains or losses of greater than 200 basis points for the full year. I'll now hand it back over to Andy for closing remarks.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, John. 2024 was a pivotal year for the company in many ways and it marked a very important inflection point in our story. Going into the year, there was much uncertainty with respect to the broader macroeconomic environment, persistent inflation, significant rate volatility, political and regulatory headwinds to name a few, but we effectively managed through the changes and most importantly executed on our strategic objectives. Fourth quarter results showcase our commitment to execution which was highlighted by our delivery of 190 basis points of positive operating leverage. As credit quality continued to stabilize and we prudently manage our capital position, it was effective balance sheet management, our financial discipline, and expanding interconnectedness across the franchise that enabled us to fully deliver the strong results we did this quarter and fully expect that momentum to continue into 2025. Finally, I'd like to extend our thoughts to those impacted by the devastating and ongoing wildfires in Los Angeles. We are closely monitoring the situation and have teams across the Bank involved in our collective response efforts to help best support our employees, customers, and their communities. Let me close by thanking our employees for their continued dedication to our clients, communities, and shareholders in what was a meaningful year for the company. We will now open up the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Scott Siefers at Piper Sandler.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys. Thank you for taking the time.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Siefers: Hey. John, I was hoping maybe you could delve in a little more to discuss the drivers of the 3% to 5% expected full year 25 revenue growth. In other words, how much comes from NII, how much ends up coming from fees. And maybe -- and then I guess a little clarification, when you're talking about the 1Q NII guide, I think you're saying flat excluding the day count difference. I just want to be certain we're thinking it would be down on a reported basis marginally just due to fewer days.
John Stern: Right. Thanks, Scott, and good morning. So let me take your last question first. Yes, excluding days, about $40 million would be lower on a reported basis. So stable, excluding those two days of that $40 million. That's how we're representing that. On the drivers on the 3% to 5% revenue growth, let me start with the fees and then I'll go over to -- into net interest income. We had really solid and healthy growth on the fee side of things. And we have a lot of momentum building. And that's despite some headwinds that we saw, particularly on our prepaid, on the card side of things, as well as freight. So some areas in the payment space that saw some headwinds. We also saw headwinds with the ATM exit of our cash servicing business. So those things will abate or have abated here in 2024. And so we see obviously momentum in the core. At Investor Day, we talked about our expectation for the medium term for rate -- expectations for 2026 and 2027 to be at mid-single-digits for fee growth. And that's a reasonable range for us to really think about as we think about 2025. And it really comes down to core areas of growth within our trust area. We're seeing strong market share, fund formation. The macro is really strong there. Payments, we have good momentum in a number of areas, strategic initiatives that are underway. Treasury management and capital markets continue to have strong growth in certain areas. A couple of areas that we're watching is mortgage. Mortgage is -- with these higher rates, it's hard to see volumes really persist or be a lot stronger than it was in the prior year and gain on sales pretty stable as well. And then our other revenue will continue to be in that $125 million to $150 million range on an average basis per quarter. So put another way, we expect fees to grow. We have strong momentum and we think that mid-single-digit is a reasonable place for us to begin. As we think about net interest income, again, well positioned. The balance sheet's in a great spot. We saw inflection in our 20 -- throughout 2024, and we really think about three key drivers for net interest income, it's going to come from better asset mix which we've seen more of a shift into higher returning assets that that shift will continue, we've seen deposit normalization, that's the non-interest bearing rotation is starting to slow down and really stabilize at this level. And importantly, fixed asset repricing on our back book is going to be a meaningful driver this year, particularly with the curve steepening. We've seen -- since we were last on this call, the curve, and I always look at, SOFR versus five-year treasury, that was meaningfully inverted back in September, now we're positive, actually. And so we think the back book is going to give us some nice trajectory. Just as an example, we have about $3 billion of investment portfolio that reprices per quarter $3 billion that runs off that can get replaced at 150 basis points to 200 basis points of spread. And then on the other fixed rate assets that we have which includes residential mortgage, commercial loans and auto loans and things like that, we have $5 billion to $7 billion on average that reprice again at that 150 basis points to 200 basis points mark and that's assuming kind of today's rates. So either way, we're very confident in our growth, both on fees and in interest income, and you put it all together and that's really where we come up with our 3% to 5% total revenue growth.
Scott Siefers: Perfect. All right, good. Appreciate all the details, John. Thank you.
John Stern: You bet.
Operator: We'll move next to John McDonald at Truist Securities.
John McDonald: Hi, good morning.
Andy Cecere: Good morning.
John McDonald: Hey, guys. I wanted to ask two strategic questions. Maybe the first one is for Gunjan. Just on payments, you reorganized the business yesterday or this week you announced a new head to the consumer side. Maybe just kind of give us the plan for payments and what you hope the new organization and setup will do for the growth and opportunities there.
Gunjan Kedia: Good morning, John. Let me just remind you of some of the facts that we shared last time. A payment franchise is a very strategic asset for us, and our sense is that we can do more to interconnect that product set with our consumer franchise and our institutional franchise. So the oak structure and splitting it into the two pieces that are more aligned with the two parts of the franchise is an expectation to accelerate execution. So, it's not really a strategic focus. We are very pleased to welcome two very high quality leaders. Mark Runkel, we announced earlier in the year. He stepped into his role on the institutional side. And Courtney Kelso joins us from AmEx next month. So that was sort of the intention, and the goal is to truly accelerate our execution around our vision for interconnectedness.
John McDonald: Okay. Thanks, Gunjan. And, Andy, maybe broader, just kind of where have you planted seeds for offense across the company? I think in the retail bank, you're looking in the union franchise and maybe through your partners, Edward Jones and State Farm. But maybe just across the footprint, where are you excited about where US Bank has kind of invested for growth and you might be moving to the front foot?
Andy Cecere: Thanks, John, and good morning. I think it's across all of our business lines, and it's that concept that we talked about in an Investor Day, which is about interconnectedness. But if you think about the momentum that John articulated and Gunjan talked about, our payments business, our trust and investment management business, our commercial products business, our retail business, the growth and deposit activity, our commercial business with the growth and targeted loan activity, profitable loans. So we really have a lot of momentum going in that. John, coupled that with sort of the headwind that was the yield curve that John talked about, I think, drives to positive momentum on net interest income. The fee category we talked about, which I all think have positive momentum, and all of that is coupled with a relatively flat expense for the last five quarters, which drives to this positive operating leverage that we talked about. So, across all the categories of revenue, it's positive, expense is well managed and that's going to deliver the positive operating leverage.
John McDonald: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Betsy Graseck at Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: Hi, good morning.
John Stern: Good morning, Betsy.
Andy Cecere: Hi, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: I noticed that mine sounds very ticky-tacky, but I just want to make sure I understand what forward curve your NII guide is based on? And I think you mentioned today, but I -- and the reason I ask is, as we all know, the forward curve has changed a lot between like beginning of December and today. So, that's the first question.
John Stern: Sure. So, in terms of our curve, we do have two rate cut assumptions embedded. I think one's in May and one's in September. So that's kind of how we think about the short end of the curve and the long end of the curve is at this level. So, right now, the 10-year treasury is at [4.65%] (ph). That's probably a good place. That's kind of where we're at kind of throughout the year. Of course, we know that it's volatile. It's been volatile. And that's why, I say the curve does matter when we kind of look at these sorts of things. But, those are our projections.
Betsy Graseck: Okay, great. And can you help us understand how your projections would move in the event that you've got fewer rate cuts or the long end went up more?
John Stern: Yep. Exactly. So, again, we continue to be neutral from an interest rate risk standpoint. So, as I mentioned, we expect two cuts. But if those cuts don't manifest or the Fed even hikes or there's more cuts which, we know the cycles, right, things will shift. We want to be as neutral as possible to those particular movements from the Fed on the short end of the curve. Where there is can be some change is really on the shape of the curve. So a steeper curve, the better off we are. If it's more inverted, then that would put a little bit more pressure on the net interest income. So at a high level, those are kind of the puts and takes.
Betsy Graseck: And as we roll through the year, can you just give us a sense as to that fixed asset repricing? Is it coming through kind of quarterly cadence the same or is there any acceleration or deceleration during the year that we should be thinking about?
John Stern: It's pretty consistent. So I mentioned the $5 billion to $7 billion per quarter. I mean, it's going to range in that corridor, each quarter, but it doesn't accelerate. It doesn't tail off. It's pretty consistent throughout the course of the year. Same on the investment portfolio, pretty consistent.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Thank you so much.
John Stern: You bet.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Good morning.
John Stern: Morning.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Sorry if I missed this in your prepared remarks. When we think about the NII guidance for the year -- or your revenue outlook, what's underpinning that from a loan growth perspective, like, one, so yeah, what's the assumption of loan and deposit growth? And are we seeing any green shoots of a pickup and lending demand?
John Stern: Sure. Thanks, Ebrahim. So, we did not comment yet on loans, but I would just say in terms for purposes of our forecast, now we're thinking about 25, we have pretty modest loan and deposit growth for the full year. Now, in terms of sentiment and things of that variety, clearly there's a lot of positivity. Our client base is excited. I think there's a lot of momentum clearly in our pipelines that we can see has not yet translated into elevated loan growth at this point. But perhaps the changes we're thinking, hopefully is in the back half of the year, we can see that pick up in loan growth. But in terms of our forecasts and our projections, we anticipate modest for the year.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. And I guess maybe just talk about, I think you addressed a little bit around the payments business. As we think about the fee revenue sort of categories across payments, if you can sort of drill into expectations around that year-over-year in context of your overall revenue guide, and obviously, you brought in a new head of payments yesterday. Remind us of the market positioning. Are we winning share, losing market share, and what the ambition is there going forward? Thank you.
John Stern: Sure. So, as I mentioned in payments earlier, we have momentum on the core side. We had had some headwinds there. So if I just kind of go through the different categories, on the card side of things, we had strong sales on the credit card side, just over nearly 6%, really. And total revenue was hurt and prepaid this quarter by about 4 percentage points given the exiting some of our prepaid revenue. That's going to impact us again in the first quarter, but then we'll fully lap that in the second quarter. But continuing in the card side, we anticipate growth there and we have a lot of momentum in different products. We have our Smartly card that is coming online. We have a lot of excitement around that, our Union acquisition increasing that penetration. So we continue to expect that mid-single-digit growth in terms of, on a retail card side of things. On the merchant side of things, we've had, again, strong sales. Our tech-led formation and growth there has been really strong. We've been making investments. We expect travel to improve, same store sales to improve. Clearly, our growth rate in 24 was below our expectations. And, as we see a lot more, high volume, lower margin type clients continuing their pace. We are looking at the growth rate as better than, of course, 2024, but it may not be at our aspiration of high single digits for 2025. And then on the CPS side of things, strong quarterly growth that we had, they had their best year. We've been making a lot of investments there. The pipelines are strong. Freight, we have lapped. So, a lot of positive things there. And again, the Union penetration is going to be really paying off for us as well. And so, we see high single-digits there as well.
Ebrahim Poonawala: All right. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Erika Najarian at UBS.
Erika Najarian: Yes, good morning. You did announce that $5 billion share repurchase authorization during Investor Day, and I think the market got quite excited about that. In terms of the pacing of the buybacks, you did $100 million this quarter. I guess, I heard you guys loud and clear during the prepared remarks, but what are the puts and takes that you're considering in terms of thinking about that pacing? I know that you're looking for modest -- a modest pace to begin with, but if loan growth is a little soft and that it seems like you have conservative guidance embedded in your revenue guide for balance sheet growth, what are the puts and takes in terms of the more modest start to buybacks?
John Stern: Sure. At a high level, Erika, it's really the balance between growing our capital to get to where we need to be from a Category II perspective. We talked about 10% being an approximate level of where we want to be on a Cat II basis. And obviously we don't expect to be a Cat II bank until 2027 or there about. So, that's really the one side of it. The other side is, as you said, long growth. If it's weaker, then there's an opportunity for deployment. But we're going to be -- we just started. We're stepping into this, and we talked about the next quarter and the pace thereafter is just going to be dictated on those factors that I just mentioned.
Erika Najarian: And just as a follow-up here, and maybe this is for Andy, the way you laid out your projection on Slide 15 in terms of the revenue guide and then positive operating leverage, if net interest income or payments swing one way or the other, either to the better or maybe softer, it's a message here that there's -- you're now to a point where there's enough flex where regardless of the revenue environment, that 200 plus basis point is going to be sort of the baseline for what you can deliver in 2025?
Andy Cecere: Short answer, Erika, is yes. It's 200 basis points plus on positive operating leverage. We do have flex on expense. I'm going to ask John to highlight some of the areas. But we've been managing to a flat expense base for a number of quarters. This is our fifth quarter of the flat expenses. We're still investing in the company. We're managing across many different areas. And we are very confident in that positive operating leverage, regardless of what the revenue environment is. And, John, why don't you talk about some of the levers?
John Stern: Yeah, clearly we've done a lot of work on the expense. We're very proud of the efforts that the teams have made thus far, but we have continued to see different levers that we're looking at and we'll kind of, throughout the year, kind of talk more about. But obviously we had a notable item on the real estate side of things. There's -- continue to be optimization there. Procurement and third-party spend actions, we see opportunities as well as organizational simplicity and bringing fragmented groups together and centralizing certain aspects. And then just automation of processes. We have a lot of the investments that we've been talking about over in Investor Day help us manage that expense by automating certain processes. And then that inflection point that we talked about in terms of investment in our digital capabilities. So the stabilization of that digital investment, we've increased that amount all along that J-curve, if you will, and now we're at a flat place and we're bending that cost curve on the digital side, which we're really excited about. So those are kind of the main pieces. There's others. We have a lot of different initiatives, but those are the different levers that we look at.
Erika Najarian: Great. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Erika.
Operator: We'll take our next question from John Pancari at Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Andy Cecere: Morning, John.
John Stern: Good morning.
John Pancari: Just -- appreciate the color -- the breakout of the revenue growth outlook by fees and then your commentary around net interest income, just behind that net interest income commentary and some of the drivers you mentioned around fixed asset repricing and deposit normalization, can you give us maybe your thoughts around the net interest margin trajectory as we look through the year and perhaps maybe even help us with how the -- where the margin could end up as an exit rate coming out of 2025, just to help give us a better color around the -- what it means for the medium term trends. Thanks.
John Stern: Sure. Thanks, John. And we anticipate, given the drivers, we do anticipate net interest margin to follow net interest income and increase. We -- certainly, from a management standpoint, we don't manage to net interest margin. As an example, this quarter, it fell 3 basis points entirely due to liquidity, right? So there's always going to be transitional puts and takes to it. But directionally, it should follow, we talked about it at Investor Day about how, not that there's anything magical about 3%, but I mean, there's certainly a lot of momentum in all those categories and drivers that I just mentioned really to kind of get us into that level over time. I think the big things that can move it are really loan growth as that goes up and down, deposit management, and then the shape of the curve, which impacts our fixed asset or our back book repricing. So those are gonna be the components, but certainly expect directionally the net interest margin to improve as we march through time.
John Pancari: Got it. All right, John, thank you for that. And then separately back to capital. On the M&A front, I know post the Investor Day, you've been clear that large -- whole bank M&A would only be more of a consideration longer term as you look at your franchise versus a near term opportunity. I guess, Andy, has that, or Gunjan, has that changed at all or just given the election results and how comprehensively we expect a regulatory supervisory role change across the different regulators and then, does it, I guess another question would be what would change your view in terms of possibly putting M&A options more in the near-term view? Thanks.
Andy Cecere: So, John, our perspective is the same, which is its just not a priority for us right now. The combination of the purchase accounting marks, the regulatory approval process, which may improve but isn't clear yet, and the current bank valuations all factor into this. So, while it may return -- large bank M&A may return over the longer term, we're very focused on our organic growth opportunities because we have a lot of them. And that's where we're putting our efforts and priorities right now. And Gunjan, maybe you can highlight a couple of them because I think that emphasis is because of the opportunities that we have in front of us.
Gunjan Kedia: Very true. Good morning, John. I'll add that while the regulatory environment is very attractive for our organic growth opportunities, too, we saw a very significant acceleration of our trust and investment fees and our capital markets fees because investor confidence and consumer confidence is very high. So, the ability to drive a real inflection in organic growth with positive operating leverage is very much our focus. And it's across many, many parts of our business. On the product side, we have a balance sheet that would support a much bigger capital markets business. So we are very focused on that. We're introducing new capabilities there at quite a good pace. And the interconnectivity across our product sets is really deepening the franchise as well. So it's a very good strategy to drive growth with positive operating leverage, and that is our focus right now.
John Pancari: Okay, great. Thank you, Gunjan.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, John.
Operator: We'll go next to Mike Mayo at Wells Fargo Securities.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Mike.
Mike Mayo: You're finally turning the corner on positive operating leverage. You said at least 200 basis points. I think after so long not having positive operating leverage, I think people are wondering, it's kind of a show me story. I think you might understand that. Under what scenario do you think you could have more than the 200 basis points guide? Some other banks are actually guiding higher today and you have a lot of tailwinds in the industry. So, how high could that go? Because the stock is down, people are questioning this. What would be your reaction?
Andy Cecere: Mike, what we wanted to do is to provide a guide that we have confidence in and that we're conservatively giving you numbers. I'm very confident in our ability to manage expense in this environment. And I'm very confident in the inflection point on the revenue components. So that's why we put a 200 basis point plus on that guide. So we'll hit 200 at least. But at the extent that the market helps us on the revenue side with the yield curve and the things that John talked about, Id expect it to be above that. But we want to give you a guide and an expectation that we're very comfortable with and that we take into account the different puts and takes that are a little bit out of our control like yield curve.
Mike Mayo: And then a more specific question. The merchant acquiring yield looked like it contracted 70 basis points year-over-year in the fourth quarter, and the revenues didn't accelerate with the volumes. Was that expected? Was that a surprise? Is there competitive pressure? What's causing that 70 basis point contraction in the merchant acquiring yield? Thanks.
John Stern: Sure. So, Mike, I think I mentioned, although it was pretty quick when I mentioned the -- that our client base, while we had strong growth in terms of same store sales and tech lead initiatives, which are -- the tech lead has strong margins and it continues to be about a third and has been growing a third of our total business on the merchant side, the growth on the other side of our client base has been in higher volume, lower margin, and that has persisted kind of throughout the year, and that's kind of creating that disconnect that you just mentioned. And [Technical Difficulty] talked about the expectations that we have here in 2025 is kind of followed because of that.
Gunjan Kedia: I can add some color here, John, if I may. We were disappointed in the merchant results for this quarter as well, but the business is really showing two very different characteristics. There's the part that we are very proud of, which is the tech led part, about a third of the business now. The value proposition to the customer and the client across our franchise is very strong there. And we see very nice growth rates there. talech and Salucro were two acquisitions we did around the retail space and the healthcare space. So that part you see revenue and sales volumes show good patterns. On the other side, we have a very vast group of partners, and we just saw growth in a few very large volume, low margin businesses. And some of that might persist on that side of the business, but that was the quarter here.
Mike Mayo: All right. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Matt O'Connor at Deutsche Bank.
Matt OConnor: Good morning. I was wondering if you could talk about the trends in commercial products revenue. It was up nicely year-over-year, but was a little bit lower versus kind of the run rate between the other quarters this year. Just remind us, I think there's a decent contributor of capital markets in that and remind us like what the drivers of the underlying businesses are.
John Stern: Sure. So this is the commercial products, Matt, is what I heard you say. So, yeah, we had strong growth in commercial products. It's been a good story for us. We've highlighted it, of course, at various investor conferences, obviously at Investor Day and then in a fourth quarter conference as well. So we've talked quite a bit about it. But the growth really came in a lot of different areas here this quarter. It was in client-related derivative activity, which were either interest rate swaps or foreign exchange. Loan syndication was up as well, bond underwriting. And we're seeing the new products also kick in. So we've talked about some of our other ABS desks, syndication desks and commodities and things like that. And so that's -- about 20% of our growth this year was really on the new product side. And the verticals, interconnectedness we have with the private credit side of things really help us focus in on that growth. And we expect, and we've talked about our expectations with that and nothing has really changed. We have high expectations for this business.
Matt OConnor: Okay. And then separately on the deposits, the average deposits grew and I noticed some seasonality on the period end, but they were down a little bit this quarter for the third quarter in a row. So maybe I just answered the question that there's too much seasonality to really focus on period end, but maybe just address that. And I think you did say you expect modest deposit growth. So anything to add to the narrative though that the period end was lower?
John Stern: Sure, yeah. So, for us, as we've talked about, the average balance is a better indicator than ending. The ending can really fluctuate. We do get -- we can get some pretty meaningful movements at the end of quarters, particularly in the third quarter was very strong from a deposit growth standpoint. So even though we had a pretty big surge of deposits at the end of the fourth quarter, it was compared to a really high third quarter. So that's just kind of one example. In the first quarter, part of the reason we talk about a stable net interest income for the first quarter is, in the first quarter, deposits seasonally decline, particularly in our institutional and wholesale side of things in DDA as an example, just because if you think about our operational accounts that we have there, there's a lot of either deployment of investments from our institutional clients or just overall investment from our corporate related clients. And so that's kind of a driver of Q1 from a deposit standpoint. But overall, you should think about deposits being a modest growth, consistent with the industry, those sorts of things is kind of how I would -- how I characterize it.
Matt OConnor: Okay, thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to David Long at Raymond James.
David Long: Good morning, everyone.
John Stern: Good morning.
David Long: I just wanted to stick with the deposit theme here. And when I look at your average deposit cost for the quarter, it came down in line with what I'm seeing with some of your peers. And just curious what you're seeing in the competition for deposits and pricing, and how do you think that plays out throughout 2025?
John Stern: Sure. Thanks, David. So, from a deposit standpoint, and this is again embedded in our growth projections and things like that of modest growth and deposits, I do expect it to be kind of equal in terms of either whether it's on the consumer side or on the institutional side. If I kind of break those two pieces apart, on the consumer side, it seems like things have been -- it's kind of either, it comes and goes in terms of competitive nature, I would say more lately with the rate cuts that have occurred, that's loosened things up and so we're seeing a little bit better in terms of pricing competitively. It may not show up immediately this quarter, but over time we would expect the retail competitiveness to moderate. On the institutional side, that also kind of comes and goes, but I would call it pretty standard at this point. I think the one negative or headwind right now is QT. That's been drying up liquidity and that can create some competitive natures on the institutional side, but all in all, we expect to be obviously very competitive out there. We have a lot of new great products that are helping us grow deposits, and we feel very strongly about that. And those are kind of the main puts and takes.
David Long: Excellent. Thanks, John. Appreciate it.
Operator: We'll go next to Vivek Juneja at JPMorgan.
Vivek Juneja: Hi. Thanks for taking my question, Andy. So, a strategic question. Payments, there's been some discussion about that already. And it's a question we've talked on previous calls. I heard Gunjan's response, the tech-led is doing well, but the rest continues to drag. And that probably cut news into next year. Given the business, given the pricing pressures, have you considered about whether you should get rid of this business and deploy the capital to other areas where youre doing a much -- where you're in a much stronger position, getting better returns? Why wouldn't you think of that?
Andy Cecere: I'll start, Vivek, and ask Gunjan to add on, but I think in this environment, this interconnectedness of banking and payments is as important as it's ever been. And the concept of moving money together with storing money and lending money is all intertwined. And to the extent we can offer these things together with a terrific technology platform that we have and also have the ability to grow that in a very capital-efficient, fee-focused way is why we want to retain the business. And the interconnectedness of that is as critical as it's been in the last 20 years. So, we're very focused on this business because of that opportunity, and Gunjan, why don't you add on?
Gunjan Kedia: Vivek, good morning. It's a thoughtful question. And I'll add to what Andy's saying here. First, just we are talking about deltas to expectations, but the business has very high returns. It's a very attractive business. It is an area where a lot of competitive set has been building market share, and we are seeing more discipline come into this industry, just focus on profitability, focus on a return on investments rather than just market share gains. And if you look long term, it is the one product where we have frequent, deep, and embedded interactions with our clients. And it anchors the client value proposition and the client retention in a way that is very hard to do from some of the banking and some of the more sort of routine products. So, we have deep conviction that money movement needs to be on the center of a financial relationship with the client surrounded by banking capabilities. I also would just remind you of the size of just the various parts of our payments business. It's 25% of our total revenue. Two-thirds of that is our core credit card, card issuing business. Very healthy, very steady market shares there. Our corporate payment and card issuing business is also looking at very healthy pipelines. All of this gives us great capacity to stay with the Elavon business and build it out both for the small business and for the corporate areas. So, to answer your question, it's a good question and strategically you want this capability in the mix with your clients.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Vivek.
Operator: We'll move next to Bill Carcache at Wolfe Research.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Bill.
Bill Carcache: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Your tech-led merchant processing service revenue growth seems solid at the time. There's still a perception that you're at a disadvantage to some of your fintech competitors. Can you take us inside of that 9% growth and discuss the breakdown between new additions versus customer attrition?
Gunjan Kedia: Good morning, Bill. Let me just start here. So, the competition on the tech-led comes in two ways. One is the user experience on the front-end. What we do with our partners here in the tech-led space is provide the reliability, the operations. It's not easy to be the backend partner of a unique value proposition in the front. So, it's fraud monitoring, it's transaction monitoring, it's reliability of systems, it's all of the networks that go into it. This is a very good partnership as much as it is competition with other areas. It's a matter of where you're playing role. And we do expect that to be a really strong contributor to the growth rate of this business. And as time goes by, it will take over more and more of the total franchise. To your question around sort of the new business versus not, it's a very dynamic space. I mean, we have a vast number of partnerships, and their success in the front end can shift that mix a little bit. So, it's really the portfolio that we manage to.
Bill Carcache: Got it. Separately, following up on your NIM commentary, I may have missed this, but where did deposit funding costs end the quarter and where would you expect the average cost to grow from here given your rate expectations?
John Stern: Sure. So from a deposit cost standpoint, maybe I'll speak to it in beta terms because I think it's just easier to utilize that because we're -- obviously you're going to see a little bit of impact next quarter, but the Fed moves that we saw in the fourth quarter will impact the first quarter. So our cumulative beta for the  throughout the -- through the fourth quarter was 38%. We anticipate our beta to be at kind of the mid to high 40s as we look at our first quarter results. And so you'll see that decline on the deposit rate as we move forward.
Bill Carcache: Got it. If I could squeeze in one last one, can you discuss how much cash flow and fair value hedge notional is active? I guess how that exposure changes as we progress through the year and any color on pay versus receive rates for both?
John Stern: Sure. So, this quarter is actually a really good example of our hedging program at work and why it's working as intended. We have pay-fix swaps and we have receive-fix swaps. The pay-fix swaps are intended to help protect capital when interest rates rise. They did rise. We saw 80 basis point upward movement. Our AOCI number did increase, but not nearly the magnitude that perhaps others and things of that [indiscernible] helps us manage that Cat II capital lull that I spoke to. Obviously with the pay-fix swaps, that's going to create a little bit of a drag on NII. However, offsetting that was our receive-fix swaps that were attached to either commercial loans or debt. And those receive-fix swaps increased our rate relative to where they would have been otherwise. And so you can think of those as largely offsetting. So, from an income standpoint, the hedges are relatively neutral.
Bill Carcache: Thank you for taking my questions.
John Stern: You bet.
Operator: We'll take our final question from Saul Martinez at HSBC.
Saul Martinez: Hey, good morning, guys. Vivek -- I think Vivek asked my question, but I'll maybe ask it another way. I guess I'm struggling to see how you differentiate yourself in the merchant acquired businesses. With the exception of maybe Chase, most banks have lost share over the years. There's enormous amount of innovation in that space, a lot of capital in that space. You see the shift in power to software providers and legacy merchant acquirers have lost share over the years. I guess, like what I was going to ask you is whether you can make an argument that it's worth more to somebody else than to you? And I guess the answer to that question from your answer to Viveks question is that it does provide value to the entire franchise, to the entire business. Is that the answer? And I guess the adjunct to that question is, how do you measure success in the acquiring businesses? Are you looking at just volume growth, revenue growth, are there other measures? How do you measure whether this business, you're succeeding in your strategy here and this business is adding value to the entire franchise?
Andy Cecere: So, Saul, I'm going to start and then ask Gunjan to add on. This is Andy. I'm going to start by reiterating what I said before, which is this interconnectedness of banking and money movement and payments. And we've made investments in categories and verticals that are very focused on capabilities to provide information and help those businesses run their platform and their business like healthcare and some of the other areas that we're focused on. So what's happened in payments and money movement has become more embedded in the banking component. And I think that's our advantage versus as pure play merchant provider is interlocking those components to help them run their business. And we've focused in certain verticals that are, I think, very important in terms of our overall growth opportunities. And in terms of what we're looking for, it's all those things. It's top line revenue growth, but importantly bottom-line profitable revenue growth. And the progress we've made in the tech and -- tech-led, the interconnected components that we've talked about in terms of those verticals we're focused on are all indications that we're headed in the right directions. We're not where we want to be yet, but we're heading in the right way. Gunjan, what would you add?
Gunjan Kedia: At the power of the distribution franchise, we have 15 million clients. And if you look at standalone players that bring a very high level of innovation, as you called it, to the table, their gap is the client franchise. And that's where the partnerships come with some of the innovation in the industry. Saul, it's a lot of infrastructure and investment to connect the transaction and the provision of the services beyond the user experience and the innovation in the front. And so we see very significant demand for a partnership with us, but the model has to transform in the direction that we are going where we need to be able to provide and connect and have a very easy onboarding experience, very easy, quick ability to bring merchants on and off. And that's all of the investments that we have been making. So, it's the distribution side, and it's all of the back-end product capabilities that may give us the competitive edge here.
Saul Martinez: Okay. I mean, that's helpful. I guess just a quick follow-up in on deposits, John. I guess we're closer to the end of the rate cutting cycle, although seemingly every day there's shifts in what the forward curve is expecting. But remind us what the through-the-cycle deposit beta you're expecting. I heard mid-40s in Q1. I think like high 40s, low 50s is what youve -- is that the right, through-the-cycle beta?
John Stern: That's right, Saul. So, we think about 38 is spot through the cycle as of this quarter. We expect mid to high 40s in the first quarter. And assuming there's additional cuts, we would migrate kind of through the cycle to that 50%, north of that level is kind of where our expectations are. Thank you.
Saul Martinez: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. Mr. Andersen, I'll turn the conference back over to you.
George Andersen: Thanks, Audra. Thank you to everyone who joined our call this morning. Please contact the Investor Relations department if you have any follow-up questions. You may now disconnect the call.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-16 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the U.S. Bancorp Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. This call will be recorded and be available for replay beginning today at approximately 10:00 A.M. Central Time. I will now turn the conference call over to George Andersen, Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
George Andersen: Thank you, Ellie, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'm joined by our Chairman and CEO, Andy Cecere; CAO, Terry Dolan; President, Gunjan Kedia; and CFO, John Stern. Together with their prepared remarks, Andy and John will be referencing a slide presentation. A copy of the presentation, our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules can be found on our website at usbank.com. Please note that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risks and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of today's presentation, our press release, and in reports on file with the SEC. Following our initial prepared remarks, Andy, Terry, Gunjan and John will take any questions that you have. I will now turn the call over to Andy.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, George. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. I'll begin on Slide 3. In the third quarter, we reported diluted earnings per share of $1.03, and generated total net revenue of $6.9 billion. The quarter was highlighted by strong growth in net interest income, good momentum across several fee business initiatives, and continued expense discipline, which supported modest, positive operating leverage on an adjusted basis compared with the third-quarter of last year. Our return on tangible common equity was 17.9% this quarter. Turning to Slide 4. Revenue growth on a linked-quarter basis was driven by improved spread income from more favorable loan mix, continued fixed asset repricing, proactive and disciplined liability management as well as strategic actions taken on our investment securities portfolio. John will provide more detail on these actions in his prepared remarks. On the upper right-hand side of the slide, you will see that non-performing assets, the net charge-off ratio, and late-stage delinquency metrics were all relatively stable compared with the second quarter levels. At September 30th, our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio was 10.5%, an increase of 20 basis points from last quarter, driven by continued earnings accretion. Our tangible book value per share increased to $24.71, a 6.7% improvement linked-quarter and an 18.5% higher than last year. Slide 5 provides key performance metrics. This quarter, our return on average assets increased to 1.03%, the efficiency ratio improved to 60.2%, and net interest margin expanded 7 basis points to 2.74%. Turning to Slide 6, we continue to see good momentum across many of our fee businesses. This quarter, we achieved year-over-year double-digit growth in both commercial and investment products revenue, driven by underlying capital markets activity and wallet share gains across our targeted industry verticals. Additionally, we also saw good year-over-year growth in trust and investment management, payment services, mortgage banking and treasury management fee revenues as we benefited from a combination of improved underlying market conditions, deepening client relationships, an expanded product set and expanded distribution channels. Let me now turn the call over to John who'll provide more detail on the quarter as well as forward-looking guidance.
John Stern: Thanks, Andy. If you turn to Slide 7, I'll start with a balance sheet summary, followed by a discussion of third quarter earnings trends. This quarter, total average deposits decreased 1.0% on a linked quarter basis to $509 billion as we continued to prioritize relationship-based deposits and maintained our pricing discipline. Average loans totaled $374 billion, a modest decrease of 0.2% on a linked quarter basis. Industry loan growth remains muted, and the decline we saw this quarter was driven by slightly lower commercial balances, given continued headwinds from capital markets-related paydowns and continued relatively low utilization rates. Within retail, higher credit card loan balances and improved revolver rates drove more favorable loan mix and margins. As Andy mentioned, this quarter, we opportunistically restructured a portion of our investment portfolio to enhance our net interest income growth trajectory and to further strengthen our capital and liquidity profiles. At September 30th, the ending balance on our investment portfolio declined slightly to $167 billion with an average yield for the quarter of 3.20%. Slide 8 highlights our credit quality performance. Asset quality metrics continued to develop in-line with our expectations and reflected ongoing macroeconomic stability. This quarter, we saw a slight reduction in our exposure to commercial real estate office portfolio, which remained appropriately reserved at 10.8%. Late-stage delinquencies and non-performing asset metrics were relatively flat on a linked quarter basis, and the ratio of non-performing assets to loans and other real estate was unchanged at 0.49% linked quarter versus 0.35% year-over-year. Our net charge-off ratio of 0.60% increased 2 basis points from a second quarter level of 0.58%, in line with our expectations. At September 30th, our allowance for credit losses totaled $7.9 billion or 2.1% of period-end loans. We expect our fourth quarter net charge-off ratio to remain relatively stable compared with the third quarter level. In the near-term, we expect changes to the loan loss reserve to be driven primarily by loan balance growth and mix. Slide 9 provides a more detailed earnings summary. In the third quarter, we reported $1.03 per diluted share, which included $119 million of net losses or $189 million after tax on-sales and securities rebalancing actions within our investment portfolio. These actions were largely offset by tax favorability in the quarter, primarily due to settlements in various tax jurisdictions. Turning to Slide 10, net interest income on a taxable equivalent basis totaled approximately $4.17 billion, an increase of 2.8% linked quarter. Our net interest margin increased 7 basis points to 2.74%. Both net interest income and net interest margin growth this quarter benefited from a combination of earning asset repricing and mix, further supported by higher card revolve rates, investment portfolio actions, and disciplined deposit pricing. Slide 11 highlights trends in non-interest income. Non-interest income totaled $2.7 billion, and as mentioned, included the $119 million of net security losses related to rebalancing activity within our investment portfolio. Importantly, year-over-year, we saw a good growth across our core business offerings, including trust and investment management, commercial products, mortgage banking and investment products. As a reminder, last quarter's mortgage banking fees included an approximately $30 million gain on-sale of mortgage servicing rights. Service charges decreased 6.2% linked quarter, partly reflecting the impact of exiting our ATM cash provisioning business. The exit is now fully reflected in our run-rate for the third quarter of 2024. Turning to Slide 12, non-interest expense for the quarter totaled $4.2 billion, which was relatively flat to the prior quarter and 1.0% lower than a year-ago as-adjusted. The linked quarter increase of $16 million or 0.4% was driven by higher compensation and employee benefit expense, primarily due to higher performance-based incentives. On a year-over-year basis, the $42 million decrease as-adjusted was driven by prudent expense management initiatives and the identification of operational efficiencies across the company. Turning to Slide 13, our common equity Tier 1 ratio of 10.5% as of September 30th increased 20 basis points from the second quarter. Looking ahead, we intend to balance our continued capital accretion of 20 basis points to 25 basis points per quarter with capital distributions, starting with a modest share repurchase in the near-term. I will now provide forward-looking guidance on Slide 14. We expect net interest income for the fourth quarter on an FTE basis to be relatively stable to this quarter's $4.17 billion. This guidance is reflective of our current expectation for more modest loan growth and continued QT impacts on deposits. Full-year 2024 net interest income on an FTE basis is expected to come in at the higher-end of our $16.1 billion to $16.4 billion range. For the full-year, we still expect mid-single-digit growth in total non-interest income as adjusted, but likely at the lower end of the range. We expect full-year non-interest expense as adjusted to be $16.8 billion. I'll now hand it back to Andy for closing remarks.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, John. Third quarter results showcase the resiliency of our unique and differentiated business model, which featured solid top line revenue growth, supported by healthy linked quarter margin expansion as well as continued year-over-year income momentum and steady expense discipline. This quarter, we reported modest operating leverage, excluding net securities losses in prior year notable items, and consistent with our message at Investor Day. We expect to deliver expanding positive operating leverage in the fourth quarter that will continue into 2025. As recent industry headwinds become tailwinds, and we realized the benefits of our now run-rate investment spend on industry-leading digital capabilities, integrated payment solutions, and continued technology modernization, it will be the combination of our scale, our interconnected business model, and our deep and talented management team that will allow us to capitalize on the many objectives and targets at this important inflection point in our story. As always, let me close by thanking our over 70,000 employees for their everyday commitment to our clients, communities and shareholders. We'll now open the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Scott Siefers from Piper Sandler. Your line is now open.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the question.
Andy Cecere: Hi, Scott. Good morning.
Scott Siefers: Hey. John, I guess I wanted to start with NII. So, at least, relative to what I had anticipated, it looked like it came in better than you might have thought even as recently as a month or so ago at the Investor Day. I guess just in sort of simple terms, can you walk through what in your mind ended up coming in better than you might have anticipated?
John Stern: Sure, Scott, and good morning. So, a couple of factors I would say there. First, I think the remixing of our portfolio, we continue to see strength in our credit card and the revolver rate as we discussed in our opening comments. It's great to see that business has been growing at 8% year-over-year on the loan side of things. Our fixed asset repricing continues. And then the other factor I would just say is that on the -- what we didn't know was the Fed was going to cut 50 basis points and we had the ability to really price on our deposits. And so I think the combination of all those things really helped us power and see nice momentum here in the third quarter.
Scott Siefers: Okay. All right. Perfect. And then if I could switch gears to fees for just a second. Just wanted to chat about the sort of the implied fourth quarter number. So even if we get to the lower-end of the full year fee guide, I guess that sort of implies that fourth quarter fees would get back up near sort of $2.8 billion, $2.9 billion level that might be more typical of one of your seasonally stronger quarters like typically, I think of you all doing best in the second quarter. Maybe if you could just sort of walk through the main puts and takes and where you would see sort of a reacceleration in momentum into the fourth quarter, please.
John Stern: Sure. So I think we -- I think it's just in a number of different things. And as we discussed in our opening comments, the core business components are performing quite well. We had strong growth in Trust, 6%, commercial products was over double-digits at 12%. Mortgage had a nice year-over-year growth at 8%. And we -- if payments, while it came in at 3% or so, this quarter, we do have expectations of growth in those particular businesses in the fourth quarter. So, all that kind of leads into some momentum there from a fee standpoint side. We of course have some headwinds there that we've talked about like in our ATM, exiting our ATM business, some of the prepaid card metrics and some of the other things like that in the payments. But by -- all in all, that's what gets us and gives us confidence in our mid-single-digit growth on the fee side of things.
Scott Siefers: Perfect. Okay, good. Thank you very much.
John Stern: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pancari from Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
John Pancari: Good morning.
John Stern: Good morning.
John Pancari: I know you cited the partial securities repositioning in the quarter, I wanted to see if you could give us a little bit more color on what you restructured in the quarter and the sizing of that in the yield? And then do you expect further actions on that front? And would further actions already be factored into your NII expectations? Thanks.
John Stern: Sure. Thanks, John. So, in terms of the securities repositioning, we did take action on what $119 million of losses, there was -- in total, there was about $10 billion in total of notional that was transacted. But importantly for you all, I mean, it's -- we consider that more or less a two-year payback is kind of how we're thinking about it. I would call the impact to the quarter maybe around $10 million or so. So there's probably a little bit more pickup in the fourth quarter related to it. And as I think about in the future, we don't have any other of these sorts of things contemplated in our guidance or anything like that. It's just -- this was an opportunity that came up with as we saw interest rates fall quite a bit, we were able to take advantage of that and we feel good about the transaction. We're constantly looking at these things, but we don't have anything contemplated at this particular point in time.
John Pancari: Okay. All right. Thank you. And then separately, on the expense side, you put up some pretty good positive operating leverage this quarter, and you implied that fourth quarter you'll see that as well. And I believe at the Investor Day, you expressed confidence in continued positive operating leverage. As you look at 2025, can you maybe help us get a sense of the magnitude of that operating leverage that you think is reasonable as you enter 2025 and longer-term, I believe The Street is looking at about 150 basis points to 200 basis points operating leverage next year. Wanted to get your thoughts on that as we look at your return profile in the coming years?
Andy Cecere: Yeah. Thanks, John. This is Andy. So as you saw, we reported positive operating leverage of approximately 30 basis points in Q3 here. The guidance that John provided would indicate that our expectation for positive operating leverage in the fourth quarter of '24 will be north of 1%, and we would expect it to continue to expand from there into 2025. So, building upon that 1-plus-percent into '25, exactly where we'll get, we'll give more guidance as we get the forward-looking guidance as we think about '25 across the categories.
John Pancari: Great. Very helpful, Andy. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from Betsy Graseck from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Betsy Graseck: Hey, good morning.
Andy Cecere: Hey, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: Yeah. Just to -- one follow-up on that is, in the guidance for 4Q, you indicated expenses [at total of] (ph) $16.8 billion. And I know in the past, you had been saying $16.8 billion or less. So, is there anything we should take-away from that very ever so slight guidance change?
John Stern: Hey, Betsy, it's John. So, I think it's just reflective of we're in the third -- we're complete with the third quarter, we're at the fourth quarter right now. We have a very good line-of-sight in terms of where our expense base will be. And so we were just being more precise with that particular number. In addition, we saw good growth in our net interest income, and so it's kind of -- the expense was coupled in part with the net interest income. You'll recall, when we shifted our discussion points on that, and since we're at the higher-end of our range, we feel like $16.8 billion is the appropriate expense side of things this quarter.
Betsy Graseck: Got it. Okay. Now that's helpful. And then, on the rate discussion earlier, you got the surprise 50, which you were able to pass-through onto the depositor side. So, as we're thinking about the next several quarters here, does NIM expand further as rates continue to cut-down -- come down, or is there a catch-up on the asset side that we should be skewing to?
John Stern: Yeah. I think broadly speaking, rate cuts are a positive thing for us in the sense that we're able -- we have a deposit base that's conducive really to cuts. We have the ability, as you know, we have 50% of our deposit base is institutional and 50% is retail. We're able to cut institutional rates fairly quickly. And so the beta for this particular juncture was around that, I'll call it, 30% area for this particular cut, and we expect that to continue to migrate closer to or up to -- just north of 50% as we kind of get through the cycle and that sort of thing. And so that's going to be helpful. And I think the other thing is, over time, as the cuts happen, then that implies a more upward sloping curve, which should help us in our trajectory going forward as well. So, those are the two pieces that I would point to.
Betsy Graseck: Right. And the 30% and 50% that's on total IB deposits or total deposits, what's your denominator?
John Stern: Total IB, total interest-bearing deposits. Yeah.
Betsy Graseck: Yeah. Super. Thanks so much.
John Stern: You bet, Betsy.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erika Najarian from UBS. Your line is now open.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning. Just a few follow-up questions. First, on John's previous question.
Operator: Sorry, Erika, can you just -- we're having a hard time hearing you.
Erika Najarian: Can you hear me better now?
Andy Cecere: Yeah, that's better. Thank you.
Erika Najarian: Okay. Sorry about that. Just wanted to follow-up on John's question. You mentioned $10 billion of notional was sold. Could you -- so that we can understand the impact for fourth quarter, could you tell us what the average yield was of what was sold and what you invested in? And just a follow-up to Betsy's line of questioning, you said that you saw a 30% beta and the terminal would be north of 50%. As we think about the fourth quarter, is it a sort of a smooth glide path to that 50%, do you expect it to significantly accelerate from that 30% initial beta?
John Stern: Sure. So, maybe I'll just take those in pieces. The first one on the securities book, I think it was just an opportunity there to remix in a couple of different things. And it was really there to improve our liquidity profile as well as some lower-yielding securities that have seasoned to reposition those. So, it's just a number of different securities. So it's hard to just summarize it in one thing. But I would just say on the beta side of things, 30% or so terminal beta, I think that just is a gradual increase as we look forward. And the reason for that is on the institutional side, you're going to get that benefit on each cut. On the retail side, you're going to get that benefit, it's kind of as I mentioned in the past, kind of an arc to the retail pricing sort of thing. And so as CDs reprice and as the money market rates come down on retail, that's going to be kind of that glide path into the 50% terminal that I spoke to earlier.
Andy Cecere: And John, all of that, all that you said, which is spot-on is all baked into your flat or stable net interest income projection for Q -- quarter four.
John Stern: That's exactly right. Yeah.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And my second question is for you, Andy, and this is sort of a broader question. You hosted a very comprehensive Investor Day, and I think the investor reception at least as it followed through to the stock was probably less than desired. And as I think about the feedback from investors, I'm wondering if you could sort of re-address this on this call. You seem determined and you have showed us positive operating leverage. Maybe some quick notes on '25. The comments on the Southeast expansion was also hit on as a potential negative. And the third would be, you are now in a place where you're building capital loan growth hasn't yet come back, what would allow you to be a little bit more aggressive more quickly on the -- on acting on that $5 billion authority?
Andy Cecere: So, I'll take them in pieces, Erika. So first of all, I thought the team did a terrific job articulating the strategy at Investor Day and part of that strategy was the inflection point discussion we talked about, which is controlled expenses, delivering on operating leverage and stronger revenue growth given the inter connectiveness of the businesses, and we're hitting on all those. And I think part of what the analyst community and investor community wants is examples and execution. And this quarter started that execution. And as I said on operating leverage, we expect that to expand into the fourth quarter and into '25. So we're going to deliver on that. Secondly, with regard to the M&A environment, the -- given this environment, large bank M&A is just not a priority for us. That's not something we're focused on. What we are focused on is organic growth and the components that Gunjan talked about, and I'm going to ask her to just highlight some of those key aspects of that right now.
Gunjan Kedia: Good morning, Erika. As we shared in during the Investor Day, we do have very meaningful organic growth opportunities in our portfolio. And as Andy said, our attention is very much on executing against those priorities, deepening our client relationships, enhancing our product interconnectivity and broadening our reach. We are very focused on delivering meaningful positive operating leverage and the execution that goes with it. We have optimized our distribution via investments in our digital capabilities and our Southeast expansion is very much focused on our partnerships and our digital capabilities. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Gunjan. And then finally, and your last question is with regard to capital, Erika, as you know, we -- as we talked about and as John articulated in his comments, we would expect to go to some level of modest buybacks here shortly. And then, we would expect to build upon that once we have more clarity on Basel III and some of the capital rules and then loan growth as you talked about is a key factor as well. But given all that, we would still expect to be up at our capital targets even under the CAT II when we cross that threshold, which again as a reminder, we talked about is not expected till 2027.
Erika Najarian: I guess just to follow-up on that, the Basel III shouldn't impact you that much, right, other than -- and everybody had already put in the impact of AOCI actually more immediately than whatever phase-in Basel III end game has. I guess I'm wondering, as a regional bank, are you -- do you think it's just a -- you're just a prudent constituent in terms of not wanting to be aggressive ahead of a new set of revisions? Or are there -- are you also considering that the ratings agency is just sort of wondering what the -- and I completely understand that you're about to buyback in the first quarter, but I think that it's probably an important component of long-only investors starting to increase their position in U.S. Bank.
Andy Cecere: Yeah. All those constituencies you talked about are factors in our thinking. Loan growth, the final capital rules, the rating agencies, those are all factors. But we're very confident in our accretion ability as you saw this quarter, 20 basis points, we've articulated 20 to 25. We're very comfortable with our capital position and we're very comfortable with the ability to start to buy-back and distribute as well as accrete, the level of which we'll continue to determine and judge over-time, given all those factors you talked about.
Erika Najarian: Thank you, Andy.
Andy Cecere: You bet, Erika. See you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Mayo from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Mike.
Mike Mayo: Hi. First -- hey, good morning. First, a cleanup question. So, are you interested in buying a bank in the Southeast because that's got a lot of play just following-up to the prior question.
Andy Cecere: No.
Mike Mayo: Not even a small bank?
Andy Cecere: Mike, the environment right now is just not conducive. There's too much uncertainty for M&A, and I don't want to focus all our efforts on that when we have so much opportunity on the organic growth front. So, in this role, what you do is prioritize against the opportunity set you have in front of you and our organic growth opportunities are far more important and much more tangible to us right now. And as you know, Mike, the M&A environment is just so uncertain right now that would not be a good place to focus our efforts.
Mike Mayo: Okay. So my main question here goes back to the operating leverage, which is how much of this is expenses versus revenues? And on the expense side, your investments in the last three, five more years, it's all-in the run-rate as you said at Investor Day. And how much benefit do you get from being a scale player because some smaller banks say they can just buy a lot of these things off-the-shelf and compete with the likes of U.S. Bancorp. So that's the expense question. And then the revenue question is, Gunjan, I know you're leading the go-to-market strategy, kind of what stage of that go-to-market strategy, and are we seeing it in the results now or do we expect to see more of that in the results ahead? Thanks.
Andy Cecere: So, Mike, I'll start and then Gunjan will add on. I think to answer your question, I would think about it on both components. I think it's going to be both increased revenue growth and managed expenses. So, as we talked about, we were flattish this time. We might have some modest increase as we go into next year, but we're not going to have expenses growing above revenue levels and I would expect growing revenue and those jaws widening from the expense revenue differential. The revenue will be driven by the activities that Gunjan is focused on, and I'll let her comment.
Gunjan Kedia: Good morning, Mike. The go-to-market is in its third and final year of our transformation. So, we are beginning to see the results in some of the areas like the consumer deposit. We built-out a lot of capabilities to manage deposit pricing, we benefited from that in this downgrade cycle. We are seeing a lot of momentum with our multi-serve clients and deepening our relationships on the institutional side. We saw that with the capital markets growth over this quarter. So, the impact of a good scaled business model is delivering good positive operating leverage, including expense management. So this is what we would continue to focus on from an organic growth standpoint.
Mike Mayo: All right. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gerard Cassidy from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Hi, Andy. Hi, John. John, on the deposits -- on the deposit pricing, can you share with us, the loan to deposit ratios for the industry and yourselves are not as high as in previous cycles. Do you think that can give you added flexibility in lowering the costs aside from obviously, you talked about the institutional deposits that are essentially, I think, index-priced, so they come down quickly. But in the other deposit classes, do you think you're going to have some leverage to lower those rates because the loan-to-deposit ratio is not at 90% or something like that.
John Stern: Sure, Gerard. So, I would say that we don't target necessarily loan to deposit ratios. What we look at is holistically just overall serving of our clients, making sure we have the right mix of deposits and loans. And loan growth is obviously going to be a driver or not of deposits and where they're at. This quarter, loans were flat to down just slightly. And so we took this opportunity to bring down some deposits that were at a higher cost side and you saw that in the results here. And so if that continues, I would continue to expect that. Conversely, if loan growth continues to take up, we're going to be making sure that we have the deposit base to suffice that. The other thing we always try to manage around that is our liquidity needs as well as interest-rate risk profile as well. So, it's kind of more of a holistic nature as it relates to that.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then for Andy or Gunjan, on the organic growth strategy, some of your peers, the bigger banks in particular have embarked upon a branch build-out across the country, even a few -- one super -- or two regional banks have done this as well. And can you share with us as part of your organic strategy, how do you guys view new branches into maybe newer territories combined with your ongoing digital reach-out that of course, you have?
Gunjan Kedia: Good morning, Gerard. Maybe I'll start here. So first, the branches are very critical to our business strategy. We see deep client relationships anchored around the branch. It really drives brand recognition. And we are very steady in investing in our branch network. Our strategy focus is to create density in the highest-growth areas within our current footprint rather than use branches to expand out of our footprint. And the reason for that is that we have built some very good strong digital capabilities that allow us to deliver our services nationally, and we are combining that with our very strong partnerships with other partners that have brand recognition and client reach in areas where we don't have. It's a powerful combination, it's a capital-light way of expanding into other markets. Second is our national businesses from the institutional side. There we are actually growing client centers in areas where we are not to expand our reach. So, you'll see us continue to invest in our branch network both inside digitally enabling them, but within our current footprint.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Gerard.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vivek Juneja from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Vivek Juneja: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Just wanted to understand on payments and delve a little bit into that. You had talked last quarter about corporate payments will be lapping this quarter because your tough comps with your trucking-related fees last year, but we didn't really see the benefit of that lap in this quarter. So, anything there that has caused it to be delayed, nor have we seen really merchant payments pickup in terms of year-on-year fee growth? So, any color on what's going on, and why the delay and what gives you confidence that it will actually materialize in the coming quarters?
John Stern: Sure. So, Vivek, I would start by saying that I think there were still a little aftermath here on the freight side in the third quarter, but we expect that to completely lap here in the fourth quarter. And then we do see corporate spend being stronger. We saw some nice momentum at the end of the third quarter and into the fourth quarter, and that's what's really giving us the confidence that, that will grow from the level that you saw in this quarter's results from a corporate payments perspective.
Gunjan Kedia: Maybe, John, I'll add. Good morning, Vivek. Just a little point on the long-term expectation for payments. Where payments is in the mix with the client relationship, it creates really sticky enduring relationships. We do see good core growth in many of the categories of payments. They are partially offset by some unique items, freight is one of them, which was very disrupted post-COVID and just is beginning to normalize and there are some others as well. So the long-term confidence question that you asked is we look at the client value, and we look at the core dynamics and you'll see that continue to improve over-time.
Vivek Juneja: Thanks for that. I have another follow-up for John. John, I just -- one of your comment earlier in response to a question just piqued my interest. You said expenses were up because net interest income was up. Is there incentive comp tied to growing net interest income or is there something else that would drive expenses up when you get net interest income up? That's not really -- any color on that?
John Stern: Yeah. Vivek, no, there's no linkage. What I was getting at is we're in the -- in the fourth quarter, we have a very good line of sight on what our expense levels. So we're just being more precise really with it. I was comparing that to our net interest income that had -- has gone up higher and is in the higher-end of our range. I was just making a comparison. There's no linkage from a compensation perspective in that sense. So, we'll just be more precise is the short answer.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ebrahim Poonawala from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Ebrahim.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Good morning, Andy. I guess one question maybe first on fees, and I appreciate you're not talking about '25 right now. But just talk to us in terms of the linkage of the fee momentum accelerating from this mid-single digits into next year. And how much of that is dependent on loan growth picking up or how much of that can happen where even if loan growth or loan demand is fairly muted in the first half, we see better fee revenue momentum being a differentiator for USB?
John Stern: Sure. From a -- from Investor Day, we talked about mid-single-digits being in terms of our range from a financial metric performance. And I think you know what you saw this quarter is a good example of that, particularly look at commercial products, which has benefited, of course, from loan growth being done in more in the capital market space, we see that benefit in our businesses. But we've also grown and provide -- have new products, new capabilities in that space. Mortgage is continuing to see nice growth as that has gone. The service charges you know has -- will start to lap the ATM exiting business as we think about that starting in 2025. Corporate trust continues to be just a very strong growth rates and that is tied in-part to the markets, of course. And so as that continues to develop, we have good momentum there. And Gunjan just talked about the payments side of the house. And so I think all those things put together really gives us a lot of confidence in terms of that mid-single-digit growth that we think of it from a -- on the medium-term standpoint.
Gunjan Kedia: Ebrahim, I would just add that we do have a very beautifully diversified fee mix. So right now, we are seeing a lot of growth in capital markets and to some extent, that's a -- that's impacting loan growth. But our capital markets businesses are very strong. Otherwise, too, wealth is seeing a very good year because the stock markets are very strong, our investment services businesses benefit from that. And then as the rate environment changes, we would expect mortgage to have, sort of, momentum. So really as we go into the next year, it isn't any one thing, but it's the diversified mix because they play off of each other depending on different macroeconomic environments.
Ebrahim Poonawala: That's helpful. And I guess one follow-up, John. When I look at the 7 basis points NIM expansion, I think you mentioned $10 million lift from the bond book restructuring, that's probably 1 basis point. Should we expect the 7 basis point expansion as getting better as we move forward with a couple more rate cuts this year, the back-book repricing? Like, how should we think about the cadence of the NIM from your ex any kind of bond restructuring actions? And is it conceivable that we could be at a 3% NIM in the back-half of next year?
John Stern: Sure. So maybe just to go off of a couple of those points. From a net interest income standpoint, in the fourth quarter, we expect to have relative stability and that's just thinking about our earning assets are going to be relatively flat, we expect, and our asset repricing and liability pre-pricing are going to be largely offsetting. So, that's kind of how we think about the stability component in the fourth quarter. Beyond that, all the positive momentum that I've talked about in terms of continuing remixing in terms of our assets into higher return parts of the portfolio, our ability to reprice on deposits, as I mentioned on the institutional side and then ultimately on the retail side. And then, our deposit rotation, as you have observed is slowing down, and for all intents and purposes, complete. And so that's all conducive to growth and continued expansion. I can't put a timeframe on when exactly the 3% occurs, but that's a good level to think about, and it's -- obviously it's embedded within our medium-term guidance that we provided to you during Investor Day.
Ebrahim Poonawala: And one last one, I guess maybe, Andy, I think you mentioned, and you mentioned this on the Investor Day on the 2027 crossing of becoming a CAT II bank. Is that in any which way a constraint as you think about pursuing loan growth? Like was -- do you -- Is there any reason to believe USB is disadvantaged on pursuing loan growth next year, because you're kind of, you have an eye on the $700 billion asset number? Just address just that if you don't mind.
Andy Cecere: No, there's no constraint on our loan growth. The loan growth activity right now is more a function of demand and consistent with the market overall and the HA data that you're seeing, and we have no constraints on loan growth. And again, as a reminder, Ebrahim, the way it works is, you are at that $700 billion for four quarters on average, so when we think about '27, that's four quarters of impact, so we have no constraints on our assets or our balance sheet.
John Stern: And we would expect that our growth will be in line with the industry.
Andy Cecere: The industry, which is GDP, GDP-plus.
John Stern: Yeah, exactly.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. All very clear. Thank you so much.
Andy Cecere: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt O'Connor from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Matt.
Matt OConnor: Good morning. I think you guys announced that you were looking for a new payments head and were looking externally, and we're just wondering if you could update us on if there's any updates on that. And then I guess, what type of person are you looking for? And is it to kind of continue the strategy that you had or potentially re-evaluate some areas? I think there's the general view that maybe you could do more with payments, given what the revenue pool out there is overall, and that you kind of under-punched a little bit. So I don't know if you would agree with that, but what's the thought in terms of what you're looking for in the new leadership? Thank you.
Gunjan Kedia: Matt, good morning, it's Gunjan, and, we are indeed excited to be out in the market looking for new leadership for payments. We have a lot of interest in our franchise. It's unique, it's different, it's very important for us, and we do have big aspirations for not just a standalone, sort of, payments franchise, but how much it embeds and integrates with the everyday lives of our customers. So with that, we are looking for someone who is talented from a payments perspective, but culturally embraces this concept of an interconnected set of solutions for our client base. And that's what we are looking for. And as just to reiterate what we shared, we have a long transition time, very grateful that Shailesh has given us enough time to plan a very smooth and careful transition.
Matt OConnor: And I guess just from a strategic point of view, and this isn't really trying to lead you one way or the other, but like, are you set on kind of the long-term strategic path that you have in payments or are you open to potentially fairly decent size changes one way or the other? Again, not really a leading question, but it seems like it might be an opportunity to take a fresh look and look for some opportunities that maybe you haven't before.
Gunjan Kedia: Thank you, Matt. We have deep conviction around the strategy and the path that we are on today. When you meet clients and you see the impact of the payments product sets on the relationships we have, you sort of build that conviction. So the question that we are focused on is how do you execute perhaps differently? How do you accelerate the execution? How do you stay current with the digital capabilities? And all of the strategies that we shared with you on Investor Day are really focused on accelerating the how, rather than sort of rethinking our strategy where we do have a lot of conviction that payments becomes the center point of how people manage their day-to-day lives, and it needs to be embedded in every product, every relationship that we have.
Matt OConnor: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Thanks Matt.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Mike Mayo from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open.
Mike Mayo: Hi, just a follow-up to my earlier question related to the benefits of scale and specifically AI. Do you look to be an AI leader or a close follower, or do you think you can get those tools off the shelf and you'll just wait and see in the context of the benefits of scale, again, after your years of investing?
Andy Cecere: Yeah, Mike. So as you know, we do have scale, we invest $2.5 billion a year in technology and technology initiatives. We did a great job with the digital capabilities, we highlighted those at Investor Day, and we're following that same model with the AI initiatives, which is the center of excellence and then the business lines surrounding them in terms of use cases. As we talked about, we have a number of use cases underway. I would say, traditional AI, we've been doing for a while, Generative AI is in the early innings, and what is important is we have a structure, expertise, leadership, and technology to deliver on it, but it is early innings.
Mike Mayo: Okay. And just one cleanup from Investor Day as it relates to the digital strategy, I mean, going through State Farm, just one more time, you had spent the whole day with management in New York City and more information always better, but the idea of going out of market where you don't have too much branches and going through State Farm with the digital strategy, just -- are there other examples of banks or non-banks that have succeeded with that sort of approach? We've heard a lot of those stories over the last 20 years, and they haven't always played out. So eventually you have to build more branches than you expected or something. So again, that's just a little bit of cleanup from Investor Day. So, as relates to digital strategy.
Andy Cecere: Yeah. I think for the strategy to work, I think you have to have a couple of key components. One is the digital capabilities to allow it to work with the other partner. The second is a partner who has the need from a banking product standpoint for their customer base, and then alignment in terms of how that gets done. And I think both with State Farm and certainly with Edward Jones, those pieces are in place, and we've seen good results on that. So opening up core banking products, checking accounts, savings accounts outside of our market through that partnership, we have strong conviction on, and we believe it will be successful because of those attributes. Gunjan, what would you add?
Gunjan Kedia: Andy, I would add -- Mike, that we have been in this partnership business for some time now. We have a very strong franchise called Elan, which is a white label credit card provider to other banks. So, it does take a unique skillset to make these partnerships work. And many of these partnerships are restricted in terms of the number of products we're providing. So to your point, there might come a time when you think about expanding. For example, Charlotte was a market where we organically expanded and we're building out branches there. But for the core product sets and having put in place both the digital and the operational capabilities to fulfill servicing needs for people outside, we've become very good at it. So, we are expanding it now with Edward Jones. And as Andy said, good early successes and good momentum as a starting point to get your name and your brand in areas that we are not in today.
Mike Mayo: Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Mr. Andersen, I turn the call back over to you.
George Andersen: Thank you, and thanks to everyone who joined our call this morning. Please contact the Investor Relations department if you have any follow-up questions. Ellie, you may now disconnect the call.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-17 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the U.S. Bancorp Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately 10 A.M. Central Time. I will now turn the conference call over to George Andersen, Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
George Andersen: Thank you, Krista, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'm joined by our Chairman and CEO, Andy Cecere; Vice Chair and CAO, Terry Dolan; and Senior Executive Vice President and CFO, John Stern. Together with their prepared remarks, Andy and John will be referencing a slide presentation. A copy of the presentation, our earnings release, and supplemental analyst schedules can be found on our website at usbank.com. Please note that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risks and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of today's presentation, our press release, and in reports on file with the SEC. Following our prepared remarks, Andy, Terry, and John will take any questions that you have. I will now turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks, George. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. I'll begin on Slide 3. In the second quarter, we reported diluted earnings per share of $0.97, which included $0.01 per share of notable item related to the FDIC special assessment. Excluding this one-time charge, we delivered earnings per share of $0.98. This quarter was highlighted by an increase in net interest income, continued fee income growth, prudent expense management, credit quality stabilization, and strong capital accretion. Notably, our return on tangible common equity increased to 18.6% on an adjusted basis. Turning to Slide 4. Revenue growth for the quarter was supported by improved spread income and well -- as well as continued growth across many of our fee-based businesses. On both a linked-quarter and year-over-year basis, non-interest expense as adjusted was down benefiting from cost synergies with Union Bank, prudent expense management, and multiyear investments across the business that have resulted in greater efficiencies and enhanced operating effectiveness. As I mentioned earlier, credit quality results were in line with our expectations as we saw stabilization in delinquency rates and a modest increase in NPAs. Average total deposits increased 2.2% and we continue to see growth in consumer deposits despite industry and liquidity headwinds. As of June 30th, our tangible book value per share increased $23.15 -- to $23.15 or 2.8% better than last quarter and 10.1% higher than last year. Our CET1 capital ratio increased 30 basis points from the prior quarter and 120 basis points from last year to end the quarter at 10.3%. John will discuss some key takeaways from this year's stress test in his opening remarks. Slide 5 provides key performance metrics. Excluding notable items, our return on average assets increased to 0.98%, and return on average common equity improved to 12.6%. Our efficiency ratio also improved from the first quarter to 60.7% on an adjusted basis. Turning to Slide 6. Fee income represents just over 40% of total net revenue and benefited this quarter from high seasonal revenues across each of our payment businesses. Strong [core] (ph) growth in trust and investment management fees as well as improved treasury management revenue. Overall, diversified fee income businesses continue to operate at scale and provide earnings consistency through the cycle. And most importantly, we are encouraged by the progress we're making to deepen our most profitable client relationships, expand our product set, and enhance our distribution channels. These efforts are positioning us well for continued growth and strategic differentiation. Let me now turn the call over to John, who will provide more detail on the quarter as well as forward-looking guidance.
John Stern: Thanks, Andy. If you turn to Slide 7, I'll start with a balance sheet summary followed by a discussion of second quarter earnings trends. Total average deposits increased $10.8 billion or 2.2% on a linked-quarter basis to $514 billion, driven by stable institutional deposit balances and continued consumer balance growth. Average noninterest-bearing deposits decreased $1.4 billion or 1.6% on a linked-quarter basis, as we continue to emphasize stickier relationship-based deposit generation. The pace of decline in noninterest-bearing balances continued to slow this quarter. As the chart on the upper-left shows, we are prudently managing our pricing as we remained focused on retaining and growing core operational relationships across the franchise. Average total loans were $375 billion, an increase of $3.6 billion or 1.0% linked-quarter. The increase was driven by higher credit card loans from high spend -- higher spend volumes and increased commercial loans from growth in corporate banking. Loan growth this quarter was partially offset by lower commercial real estate and total other retail loans. With elevated deposit levels, we opportunistically increased the size of our investment securities portfolio with short-dated high-quality securities to better optimize cash levels. As a result, the ending balance on our investment portfolio was $168 billion as of June 30. Actions taken on the investment portfolio this quarter, together with approximately $3 billion of securities runoff resulted in an average yield increase to 3.15%, a 19 basis point increase from the prior quarter. Going forward, we would expect the balance on the investment portfolio to remain relatively flat to the current level and for the reinvestment benefit from quarterly securities runoff to be approximately 6 basis points to 8 basis points on average based on current rates. Slide 8 highlights our credit quality performance. Asset quality metrics continue to develop in line with expectations and we remain appropriately reserved for potential adverse economic conditions. In the second quarter, delinquencies were flat sequentially. Non-performing assets increased approximately 3.7% linked quarter, reflecting a slower pace of change. The ratio of non-performing assets to loans and other real estate was 49 basis points at June 30th, compared with 48 basis points at March 31st and 29 basis points a year ago. Our second quarter net charge-off ratio of 58 basis points increased 5 basis points from the first quarter, in line with our expectations and we continue to expect our net charge-off ratio to approach 60 basis points in the second half of this year. Our allowance for credit losses as of June 30th totaled $7.9 billion or 2.1% of period-end loans. Slide 9 provides a more detailed earnings summary. In the second quarter, we reported $0.97 per diluted share, which included $0.01 per share or a $26 million charge for an increase in the FDIC special assessment following last year's bank failures. Turning to Slide 10, net interest income on a taxable equivalent basis totaled approximately $4.05 billion, an increase of 0.9% on a linked-quarter basis. The increase in net interest income this quarter was driven by a combination of deposit volume growth, pricing stabilization, and slower migration as well as fixed asset repricing, improved loan mix, and other actions taken on the investment portfolio to optimize cash balances. Elevated deposit levels and higher on-balance sheet liquidity drove a 3 basis point decline in net interest margin this quarter to 2.67%. Slide 11 highlights trends in noninterest income. Fee income increased $115 million or 4.3% on a linked-quarter basis, driven by seasonally higher payments revenue and stronger mortgage banking fees, which included an approximate $30 million gain on sale of mortgage servicing rights. This increase was partially offset by a slight decrease in commercial product revenue due to lower corporate bond fees and losses on investment securities sales of $36 million. Noninterest income through the first six months of the year increased 5.4% on a year-over-year basis as we continue to benefit from deepening client relationships across our fee businesses. Turning to Slide 12, noninterest expense as adjusted, decreased $6 million or 0.1% on a linked-quarter basis. The decrease was primarily driven by lower compensation and employee benefit expense which was partially offset by higher net occupancy and equipment as well as marketing and business development costs. Year-over-year noninterest expense as adjusted decreased $71 million or 1.7% as we prudently managed expenses, identified operational efficiencies across the business, and realized synergies from the Union Bank acquisition. Turning to Slide 13. Our common equity Tier-1 ratio of 10.3% as of June 30th was reflective of a 30 basis point increase from the first quarter and a 120 basis point improvement compared to last year. On June 26, the Federal Reserve released its 2024 stress test results. Consistent with the industry, the Fed's modeled results were largely reflective of an assumption taken to significantly lower fee income and increase provision expense in stress, which resulted in a 60 basis point increase to our preliminary stress capital buffer of 3.1%. We remain well-capitalized and prepared to manage any potential industry stress that might result from a severe macroeconomic downturn. I will now provide forward-looking guidance on Slide 14, which is consistent with our previous guidance. We expect net interest income for the third quarter on an FTE basis to be relatively stable to the second quarter. Full year 2024 net interest income on an FTE basis is expected to be in the range of $16.1 billion to $16.4 billion. For the full year, we expect to achieve mid-single-digit growth in noninterest income as adjusted. We continue to expect full year noninterest expense as adjusted of $16.8 billion or lower. Let me now turn it back to Andy for closing remarks.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks, John. I'll finish up on Slide 15. Second quarter results highlighted the resiliency of a business model that features a highly diversified revenue mix, strong risk management discipline, and a robust earnings and capital generation profile. We remain focused on our core competencies and are aggressively building upon our key differentiators. The investments we're making across the businesses are showing through in the form of enhanced customer acquisition, improved client experiences, and deeper relationships that are further propelling our growth story. Expense management is a key priority for us and we remain focused on our target of positive operating leverage in the second half of this year and beyond. Looking ahead, we are well-positioned to continue to build upon our solid foundation and already established interconnectedness across the business with the scale, reach and product capabilities that allow us to deliver industry-leading returns well into the future. Let me close by thanking our employees for everything they do to make us the destination of choice for many clients, communities and shareholders we serve. We'll now open up the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the question.
Andrew Cecere: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Siefers: Hey. John, I was hoping you could please sort of discuss the puts and takes within the NII trajectory from here. It looks like we would hopefully get a bump in the fourth quarter after a stable third quarter if we sort of assume the midpoint of the full year range. I guess maybe just a thought or two on factors that would cause you to come in either towards the high-end or the low-end of the full year range, please.
John Stern: Sure, Scott, and good morning. First of all, we're pleased to see our net interest income grow, and we like the actions that we've taken to position ourselves for the future. Deposit rotation and rate paid have stabilized. Loan mix has improved. Our fixed asset repricing -- earning asset repricing continues to march on, and we've been opportunistically working with the investment portfolio to deploy excess liquidity. So, if you think about some of these things going forward, the higher and lower end of the range, I'd say a couple different things. First of all, I would just say, as I mentioned, we expect stable third quarter net interest income. And then from there, we do expect growth. We would anticipate that the pluses and minuses is going to be depending upon deposit rotation and beta. We do expect some level of rotation out of deposits going forward, but it's going to be relatively modest. And as you can tell, it's slowed. In terms of rate paid, that's going to be dependent on the market. But as you can tell, that has slowed as well. And we feel good about our positioning for rate cuts as we move forward should they occur. Our earning assets, we know are going to be formulaic and continue to reprice, whether that's the investment portfolio or the mortgage book. We expect kind of in that 6 basis point to 8 basis point range on average, given current levels. And then, loan growth, we assume to be very modest in this -- in our forecast kind of going forward just kind of given the loan dynamics that we're seeing. And then, finally, I would just say, although it's not as going to be meaningful for 2024, it's just the actions of the Fed and what they do, whether they cut or not. So, those are kind of the puts and takes as we kind of think about the next couple of quarters.
Scott Siefers: Okay. Perfect. Thank you, John. And then maybe if I could ask you to delve a little more deeply into one portion of that, just you noted modest loan growth here going forward. What are you all seeing in terms of commercial loan demand? I guess, I sort of asked within the backdrop of the modest outlook, but your average commercial loan growth this quarter looked a little more favorable than what we've seen from peers. So, just curious as to sort of the insight based on that.
Andrew Cecere: Sure. So, I think on loan growth, we did see pockets of loan growth occur in the corporate loan book, but I think our overall thesis really hasn't changed over the last several quarters. The loan growth environment remains tepid. It remains -- there's caution in the clients, but there's a lot of interest rate movement, and I'm sure that will -- that could spark some things. But overall, it's still a very tepid market. We just happen to find good -- some pockets of growth on the corporate loan book this quarter.
Scott Siefers: Perfect. Okay, good. Thank you very much.
John Stern: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Good morning.
Andrew Cecere: Good morning.
Ebrahim Poonawala: I guess maybe, John, just following up on the NII, by my math, like your fourth quarter could be as high as $4.3 billion. So, appreciate the puts and takes you provided earlier. As we think about the NII trajectory from here, in a rate cut scenario, just remind us, in terms of the positioning of the balance sheet, what four to six rate cuts would imply, and flex on the deposit side, given sort of your corporate institutional makeup?
John Stern: Sure. Thanks, Ebrahim. So, the way I think about potential rate cut shift and change in market there is that we are well positioned, given the mix of our deposit base. So, approximately 50% of our balances are retail-based and about 50% of our balances are institutional or corporate-type balances. And in a cut environment, those institutional corporate balances, the beta, if you will, of those are going to go down as quickly as they came up. So, we feel very good about the repositioning of that. On the retail side, I would just say that there will always be some arc to the retail, so there'll be probably some repricing that occurs at the [still current] (ph) higher levels, but over time those balances will come down. And so, overall, it gives us an advantage as the curve in theory should starting to steepen and you have a lower short-term rate and a higher longer-term rate that allows for continued earning asset favorability on the repricing side of things.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. And I guess just separately, when you think about the outlook for the back half on fee revenue growth, the mid single-digits, where do you think fee revenue growth is going to be driven? What categories are going to drive that growth? Where do you expect some more moderation relative to what we've seen in the first half of the year? Thank you.
John Stern: Sure. I think on the fee side of things, we had a solid quarter, but we continue to expect momentum in the various categories. And it's going to be a combination of all the main ones. It's going to be payments, it's going to be our trust investment management fees, and it's going to be in the capital market space is probably the three areas that I would point you to. On the payment side of things, we continue to see strong core competencies and whether in merchant processing, you're talking about our tech-led areas, if you're talking about our corporate payments side of things, you're looking at us starting to lap some of the things in freight and fleet. And on credit, credit card, we continue to see strong spend level. So, those are all going to be positive things for us as we move forward. The trust in investment management fees as well as the capital markets continue to see very strong market backdrop. And we have been doing very well in terms of investment in those businesses and as well as just utilizing our client base and deepening relationships there in a number of different facets. And then, those are going to be kind of the tailwinds that we see that position us well for continuing our guidance here in terms of mid-single-digit growth for fees.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. Thank you.
John Stern: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Betsy Graseck: Hi, good morning.
John Stern: Good morning.
Betsy Graseck: I know we already talked a little bit about the loan growth piece, but going through the slide deck, you highlighted that there's utilization rate increase. So, I guess, I'm just wondering this, and it's important, right, because at least you're the first institution I've seen this quarter that's had a utilization increase. Do you think that's a function of the types of industries where you're seeing utilization increase, or is that more your new geographies where perhaps more focused attention on new clients is driving that? Would just like to understand that.
John Stern: Sure. Thanks, Betsy. So, in terms of utilization, it did tick up. I would say it's pretty modest and I would say it's pretty much in line with where we've seen in the past. I wouldn't point to it as some new trend that we're going to see continued utilization investment or increase. I think it's really more of a function of the loan mix that we saw this quarter. Some of the loans that were brought on came at a high utilization level versus some of the things that rolled off. So, I just think it's more of a mix shift rather than a change in trend.
Betsy Graseck: Okay, thanks. And then just on the credit outlook here, I got a sense that maybe there was a little bit more credit coming through towards the back half of the year. Is that right, or did I get that wrong?
John Stern: Well, I don't think -- well, first of all, our guidance really hasn't changed from a credit standpoint. It continues to be -- it's stabilizing. It's as expected. From a net charge-off perspective, we came in at 58 basis points. We would anticipate approaching 60 basis points here in the back half of the year is kind of how we're thinking about the charge-off. But things like delinquencies and non-performing, those metrics have come in -- have stabilized, and have come in very nicely, giving us confidence in our credit outlook.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And are you already reserved for these NCOs? Just wondering if there's a reserve release behind that as well.
John Stern: Yeah, we feel very much appropriately reserved for the book that we have. We saw a little bit of increase in our reserve build this quarter just simply because of growth, particularly in cards and things of the like. So that's kind of what has been the driver on the reserve side.
Betsy Graseck: Okay, super. Thanks so much.
John Stern: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning.
Andrew Cecere: Good morning.
Erika Najarian: My first question -- good morning. First question is for you, Andy. I think what was really striking about this quarter is that the balance sheet growth was impressive on both sides of the sheet and really outperforming peers. At the same time, I think we were all surprised by the stress test results, especially given we thought that the PPNR dynamics with MUFG fully baked in would be a little bit cleaner. And so, if I'm calculating this right, your adjusted CET1 would be 8% this quarter versus 7.6%. And I'm wondering, as we think about balancing those dynamics, how are you thinking about managing growth relative to this sort of changing, unpredictable element of the SCB plus, obviously, you have done a great job at managing risk-weighted assets last year, and obviously there's a burn-off rate to the AOCI. At the same time, rates are staying a little bit higher for longer, and there's a huge debate on what's going to happen to the belly of the curve, even if everyone subscribes to Fed cuts. So, I'm wondering how we should think about balance sheet management from here, especially in light of the good growth that you experienced this quarter.
Andrew Cecere: Sure. Thanks, Erika. And let me start on the CCAR results. So, as you think about MUFG, the component that we were focused on there that did happen was the expense component that came down. So, that was as expected. The component that went up versus the Fed last year was the fee income component. And we don't have a lot of clarity or transparency into why that happened. It happened for a number of banks, and it happened in spite of the fact that our fee growth is actually even positive. So that was the part that was the driver of the increased SCB for us and for a number of other banks. Let me take a step back and let me talk about capital and the balance sheet overall. As we've talked about in the past, Erika, our priorities from a capital distribution standpoint haven't changed there. First is investing in the business, second is dividends, and third is buybacks. And so, as a part of this year's stress test, as we talked about, our planned capital distribution assumed an increase to the quarterly dividend of about 2% starting in the fourth quarter. And as you saw, and as you referenced, our CET1 ratio is 10.3% this quarter. So, we continue to have strong capital accretion each quarter. We expect to be well above our fully-loaded Cat II capital targets well before the cross -- we will cross that threshold. So, from a capital standpoint, we're comfortable with our levels and our ability to accrete 20 basis points to 25 basis points a quarter. So, the one open item, as you all know, is the final Basel III endgame rules. And while we prefer to have those clarified before revising our capital and distribution targets, we will assess whatever information we have available and update on our capital distribution, our targets, as well as our return targets at Investor Day on September 12.
Erika Najarian: So, Andy, just as my follow up is, based on what you've just told us, it doesn't seem as if, as we think about the rest of 2024 and the CCAR years, '24 October 1st, 24th of September 30th of next year, it doesn't sound like we should expect this similar active balance sheet management in terms of growth, as we saw in '23.
Andrew Cecere: So, as we've talked about, I think most of the capital accretion going forward, Erika, will be through normal earnings accretion. And as we talked about, we expect that to be 20 basis points to 25 basis points. We had a little bit of a benefit this quarter from additional RWA optimization, but going forward, I would think about that 20 basis points to 25 basis points a quarter.
Erika Najarian: Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
Andrew Cecere: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ken Usdin: Hey, guys. Good morning. I just wanted to ask you to dig in a little bit on the payments business. Obviously, the sequential math worked as normal, but the year-over-year growth looked like it slowed from 4% in the first quarter to 3% in the second. I know we have some easier comps coming up in the second half, but can you just kind of help us understand just the absolute trajectory within the three business areas? And how do you expect that kind of growth rate to go, aside from just comps? Thanks.
John Stern: Sure. So, thanks, Ken. And I do agree, I think, we do expect momentum. Part of that is comps, but we're not, obviously, relying on that. If I kind of think about the different businesses here, maybe I'll just start with merchant processing. We have seen a very good core growth in our tech-led initiative. That's about a third of our sales now, and has been growing at a very strong rate. The margins on that business have -- we are seeing nice expansion there. And a lot of our non-travel categories are really seeing very good growth. So, those are kind of the tailwinds. We have seen some headwinds this quarter, particularly on travel volumes in Europe, but that is something that we hope that will reverse and things of that nature. But otherwise, we feel like we're positioned well on the merchant side of things. On the retail card side, credit card spend is strong and constructive. I would say, the Union Bank client acquisition, we're continuing to increase the penetration rate there, but we did see a little bit of a decrease as well, just because of risk mitigation around prepaid card, which may pressure this quarter, but may linger into a couple quarters as we move forward. But still, we think that the strong growth on the retail side of things is going to -- continue to be very helpful. And then, on the corporate side of things, we are starting to get into that inflection point of lapping freight and fleet and all those sorts of things, as well as our bank card is really performing quite well. And so, I think those are really some of the things, I think especially on corporate, we -- payments we -- by lapping that fleet kind of in the third quarter or so is going to allow for very strong rates as we think about the fourth quarter. So, at a high level, we just think that there's momentum on this side of things that will allow us to grow and grow nicely.
Ken Usdin: Great. Thank you. One more follow-up on NII. You had a really good second quarter result, but the outlook for a third quarter is stable and that's with an extra day. And I'm just wondering, can you just work us through like what's the holdback in terms of NII, not just growing from here? Was there either some things that helped in the second that don't recur? It looked like your securities yields were a lot higher as one example, but I'm not sure if that would have been it. So, why don't we just see the growth straight up from that 40, 50 zone we just saw in the second quarter? Thanks.
John Stern: Sure. Well, I think it just comes down to the question earlier that is really around the range of outcomes that -- what's going to drive it. And it's really going to be around the deposit behavior and things. Now we saw very good trends in terms of rotation out of DDA, that pace has certainly slowed. We continue to expect it to slow moving forward, but it doesn't mean it's over, right? And so, there is that component. On the rate-paid side of things, we're just monitoring just how the competitiveness of the deposit rates will go. And quite frankly, we don't expect a lot of deposit growth in the next quarter just simply because QT is still around and is still putting pressure on industry liquidity for us and for the market. And so, that's the primary driver is just kind of the watch of that. And on top of that, we just don't know if the Fed will cut or not. I know the market has priced that in, but that's another factor in this sort of thing. So, those would be the factors I would call out.
Andrew Cecere: And John, in our projections, we've assumed two more rate cuts in September and December.
John Stern: That's right. We've assumed September and December for rate cuts. That's right.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Got it. Great. Thank you.
John Stern: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Mike Mayo: Hi. I just think my math is wrong here. If you can help me out with that? Even assuming the four items you just mentioned for NII not going higher in the third quarter, if you could just highlight your fixed asset reprice a little bit more? Here's my math, and it's clearly wrong, because, one, you said security should reprice up 6 basis points to 8 basis points per quarter, if I heard that correctly. So, if you take 7 basis points on $168 billion of security, that'd be like $100 million extra next quarter. If you take your mortgage book of $117 billion, and you take 7 basis points on that, I wasn't sure if you meant 7 basis points on that, but then you get up to almost $200 million more for NII on a base of $4 billion. That'd be 5% growth next quarter, 5% growth the quarter after that, et cetera, et cetera. And that's not your guidance. So, first, if you could just fix my math as far as the fixed asset repricing on the securities mortgages, what I'm doing wrong, and then confirm or not those four items that you mentioned offset all of that? Thank you.
John Stern: Sure, Mike. Happy to. So, I think in terms of the math, in terms of mortgage, that's going to continue, given that's a very much a fixed rate book. On the investment portfolio, given current rates, we would expect 6 basis points to 8 basis point increase. However, if we assume in our projections, as we just mentioned, that there'll be a cut in September, and about half of our book is floating rate, or swap to floating and that sort of thing. And so, that will impact the investment portfolio that way. And the deposits, of course, on the other side of that will start to shift. Of course, the institutional side would start to move right away, but the retail side will have an arc to it. And so, it's the movement of the cut within the quarter, which is sort of a part of why we anticipate a relatively stable third quarter.
Mike Mayo: And just for clarification, you did intend that the mortgage book should reprice upward by 7 basis points a quarter also same as the security?
John Stern: Yeah, that's right. Mortgage book is kind of that 6 basis point to 8 basis point range.
Mike Mayo: And then, one more follow-up and I'll re-queue. Your noninterest-bearing deposits, you mentioned that as one of the risk factors. You said it's slowing. Can you remind us what it did between the second and first quarter? And what's your all-time low for that ratio?
John Stern: On the mix of DDA to total deposits, I think, 16.2% or so is where we came in this quarter, it was 16.9% a quarter ago, it was 18% or so the quarter before that. So, that pace is changing and slowing. And in terms of where it goes, it's going to be just how clients behave and all that sort of thing, but it is an all-time low for us, for sure as we look back at our data.
Andrew Cecere: And Mike there is a -- on Slide 7, there's a chart upper left that shows the migration out that has slowed. It was 7.1% in the fourth quarter, down 6.4% in the first quarter, and then slowed to 1.6% down in the first -- in the second quarter of '24.
Mike Mayo: Okay. Thank you.
Andrew Cecere: Sure.
John Stern: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Gerard Cassidy: Hi, Andy. Hi, John.
Andrew Cecere: Good morning, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: John, you talked about the deposits and how you will approach them as the Fed starts to cut rates. I thought it was interesting in your supplement on the average balance sheet that one of your largest deposit category, if I'm seeing it correctly, money market savings, the yield was down from the prior quarter at 3.85% versus 3.92% in the March quarter. Can you share with us what kind of strategies you used or what took that down when many of the other rates like, time deposits obviously went up in the quarter?
John Stern: Sure, Gerard, no problem. So, if you look at that category, it's, as you mentioned, our largest category for deposits. So, it's a mix of wholesale as well as retail and small business and all that sort of thing. And I think what we have done is, in light of loan growth, obviously it grew a little bit, but it's not -- again, it's not growing tremendously. And so, we have the opportunity to look at our relationships across the bank and price things in an appropriate manner that makes sense for us to do. And so, we've taken some opportunities to exit some high-cost deposits and we've really utilized our distribution network, whether that's on the retail side, the branch network, our app capabilities, really taking advantage, and our partnerships really taking advantage of our national bank reach and really growing in deposits in areas that have a lower cost. And so that's kind of the positive rotation that you're seeing in that specific category.
Gerard Cassidy: I got it. I don't want to put words in your mouth, but when the Fed starts to cut rates, from this line item, at least you guys could potentially benefit from lower rates and the balances continue to grow, which obviously would be beneficial. Andy, just a more bigger macro question. John touched it a little bit a moment ago about the utilization rate on the C&I loans. Can you share with us when you guys go out and talk to clients, what are they -- commercial clients, that is, what are they thinking about CapEx spending, which would enable them to draw down lines? And then second, are you seeing any increased competition from alternative lenders, whether it's private credit or other, that may be affecting the C&I loan growth?
Andrew Cecere: Yeah, Gerard. I think our clients are probably a little bit more focused on defense than offense right now. We just did a CEO survey and we talked to clients. They are focused on productivity, efficiency, expense management, and the investments that they're making to the extent that they're utilizing lending activity is to really amplify some of that efficiency opportunity that they're focused on. So, a little bit more on defense. But as John mentioned, the utilization rates were up modestly in pockets across the board. And I would expect that to continue as we go forward. So, nothing significantly different from what we saw in prior quarters. The competition is strong, so both bank and non-bank competition, that's driving pricing a little bit. We're continuing to seek full relationships with appropriate returns, and that'll drive the volumes as well.
Gerard Cassidy: And just as a quick follow-up on the competition, are you guys seeing more aggressive underwriting for banks that want to grow that balance sheet? How are you seeing that from the underwriting standpoint?
Andrew Cecere: Yeah, I'm not sure that the underwriting is changing significantly as opposed to the pricing, Gerard. That's how I would focus on it.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay. Thank you, Andy.
Andrew Cecere: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning. Wanted to circle back on payments. A lot of good details, kind of by segment, but was wondering if you could update kind of your thoughts on the growth you expect for full year this year. And then just still, it might be a little bit lower than what you were thinking before. And then just the medium-term outlook, if that's still the same?
John Stern: Yeah. I'll answer your second question first. The medium-term outlook has not changed in terms of growth rate trajectory for the payment businesses. So, we think of high single-digit growth in terms of the merchant and corporate payments system categories. And we think of mid-single-digit growth as we get into the credit card, debit card kind of area. As I mentioned, we had 4% or so and then 3% growth this quarter, the last two quarters on a year-over-year basis. We would expect momentum as we move forward and getting and approaching those sort of medium-term levels. And some of the puts and takes I had mentioned earlier are going to be kind of the drivers of that. And, of course, whether or not we're on the higher end or lower end is going to depend upon spend levels and where that ultimately comes through, but we feel confident in terms of where the market is going and how that is. So, we feel like we're well positioned in that space.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. And then, what's the prepaid card risk mitigation that you referred to? Maybe I missed if you've mentioned that in the past, but can you just remind us what that is and how long it [might drive for] (ph)? Thanks.
John Stern: Yeah. So, it's just more fraud and things of that variety that has picked up. And so, we just -- there's just some areas there that we want to mitigate against, and so that we've chosen to just step away from some of those sorts of things.
Matt O'Connor: And then, how much of a drag is that and how long will it continue? That's my last one. Thanks.
John Stern: Well, I think it's -- you saw the card growth rate was about 1% or so versus our sales area of about 4% -- 3% to 4%. So, I think there's going to be some of that pressure in the third quarter or so.
Matt O'Connor: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivek Juneja with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Vivek Juneja: Hi. Thanks.
Andrew Cecere: Good morning.
Vivek Juneja: A couple of just follow-ups. One on payments. So, trying to understand, I know you've said merchant, you expect to get to high single-digit. What's happening with the -- when I look at the volumes, merchant was only up 1.7% year-on-year, and that's the slowest volume growth we've seen in six quarters. So, why has -- despite all the tech-led initiatives, which are great, and the other areas that you're trying to spend, why is volume growth slowed so much? And then, what would cause that to turn around?
John Stern: Sure. So, I can talk to that, Vivek. So, on the merchant processing side, you mentioned that the sales component was about 2% or so. In terms of where we saw some volume decreases was really had to do with travel, particularly on the European side of things. Volumes were just lower for our clients in that particular area. So that's really the focal point. I think if you think about as we start to lap some of that sort of thing and same store sales come in and that sort of thing, that's where we expect the momentum in the second half of the year.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. Shifting gears, you're talking about charge-offs going to 60 basis points in the second half. Delinquencies are down, so that should help. But your C&I losses are running high. Despite the losses, NPLs are running still up. Where -- first, a two-part question there. Where in C&I are you seeing these losses, which industry sectors? And your overall charge-off rate of 60 basis points, which categories do you expect would tick that up from where you are currently given the outlook for delinquencies coming down?
John Stern: Sure. So, on your two-parter, I'll take the C&I question first. First of all, the increase there in charge-off was really attributed to one unique or idiosyncratic loan that went through, and that was an NPA that we saw a couple quarters ago that worked its way through. We don't anticipate anything really in the C&I book outside of that. So that is something that -- is something that we're not concerned about. On the rest of the charge-offs, if I think about just at a big picture on credit card for, as an example, we did see a little bit of an increase in charge-offs this quarter, but given the delinquency, as you just mentioned, we would expect our charge-offs in the first or the third and fourth quarter to look more like the first quarter. And I think the balance of it will be more kind of in the commercial real estate office side of things. So that's kind of the puts and takes to the charge-off guide.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. So, you had one large loan written off, but then what refilled that bucket, John, given that the NPL has actually ticked up, not down in C&I?
John Stern: Well, yeah, I mean, I think it's very -- it's just very modest. It's more idiosyncratic-type loans. It's not something that we're holistically concerned about at any reach.
Andrew Cecere: Vivek, as you mentioned, and as John mentioned, the delinquency levels are stable. And so that drives stabilization on credit card. The idiosyncratic loan that John mentioned, it was the second quarter. As we think about the future, I think the lumpiness will come out of CRE office and that's the one that's going to go up and down a little bit. We talked about that. We've mentioned that in prior calls. Certainly manageable, but that will just cause a little bit up and down.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. Thank you.
Andrew Cecere: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andrew Cecere: Hey, John.
John Pancari: Good morning. Andy, I appreciate the color you gave on capital. And as you look at it, I know it sounds like you're still on the sidelines on buybacks as you walk through your priorities and the expectation for capital here, but I guess what changes that? Is it continued pull to par on the AOCI side? Is it Basel III clarity? Is it clarity on rates? What gets you to the point where you get confidence in buyback outlook, or how you're thinking about your internal CET1 target? If you could just walk us through the thought process there?
Andrew Cecere: Yeah. So let's start, John, by saying that I'm very confident in our capital levels and our ability to accrete capital. It's consistent with what we've talked about, that 20 basis points to 25 basis points, and we've made great improvements, as you saw from the number, 140 basis points over the last year. So, let me start there. Second, as we talked about before, we were seeking clarity on two components: number one is CCAR, which we now have; and number two is Basel III endgame, which we're getting closer to. And my expectation, John, is that we will -- one way or the other, we'll have more clarity or not -- if not the perfect answer. We will update on both our capital targets and distribution objectives as we think about it at Investor Day on September 12. So, I'll give you a full update at that point.
John Pancari: Okay, thanks. Appreciate that. And then, separately on operating leverage. I know you reiterated your confidence in achieving positive operating leverage in the second half of this year. I mean, can you help us -- I know you're not giving formal 2025 expectations, but I'm trying to think about what that positive operating leverage you're generating in the back half of that expectation, what that could mean as we look into the quarters through 2025. I mean, it looks like consensus is ballparking around 300 basis points positive operating leverage. When you look at the full year '25 expectations, you were above 200 basis points in 2022, but in the years prior, you were well below that. What's a good way to think about it medium term in terms of where USB should be operating from that standpoint?
Andrew Cecere: Let me do it in components. So, first of all, as you saw this quarter, our expenses were relatively flat and we focused on the $16.8 billion or lower for the full year '24. So, we are past the point of investment in the curve on increasing expenses and now realizing the benefits from those expenses. So, I would expect us to be moderate from an expense growth standpoint going forward and managing that well. We talked about the momentum in fee growth, and I would expect that to continue given the unique businesses we have. I think the biggest difference is the headwind that was net interest income turned into a tailwind this quarter. And as we talked about stabilization in the third quarter, I think as we get into '25, that becomes more of a tailwind, and those things all drive positive operating leverage into '25.
John Pancari: Okay, great. Thanks.
Andrew Cecere: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Kotowski with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Chris Kotowski: Yeah, good morning.
Andrew Cecere: Hey, Chris.
Chris Kotowski: Hi, it's a small item, but a curiosity to me. I mean, I noticed that your automobile loan portfolio is down by more than 30% year-over-year. And I'm just curious, how did that category suddenly become in like no-fly zone? Because you think it's short-duration assets? Do you think it would be attractive given the...
John Stern: Sure, Chris. So, in terms of the drop, obviously, we haven't been as active in the auto loan market just simply because the spreads and the returns on those sorts of loans have not been at our standard. And the competitors that we're facing aren't banks and they have a different return profile in this particular environment. That doesn't mean we've exited or anything like that. In fact, we've been very strong in terms of some of the leasing and some of the other areas and we continue to monitor that market very closely. And if the spreads and returns are appropriate, we will be very active in that space just as we have been in the past.
Chris Kotowski: Okay. All right. Thank you.
John Stern: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Saul Martinez with HSBC. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Saul Martinez: Hi. Hey, good morning, guys.
John Stern: Good morning, Saul.
Saul Martinez: Just a follow-up on the cards growth, 1.4% year-on-year, credit of 4.3%. I guess, John, is that entirely due to the exiting or the reducing of exposure to prepaid, or you've seen any weakness in debit as well? That would be somewhat unusual typically debit in an environment where there is an economic slowdown, tends to outperform. So, just any additional color there. And just wanted to reaffirm that this is sort of a transitory thing and you should lap this and I suspect in the fourth quarter. Is that -- did I get that right?
John Stern: Yeah. I think to answer your question very simply, I mean, the difference between the fee growth and versus the sales is really all prepaid on that side of things. We see strong trends in terms of credit card spend and all the union penetration, all those things that I mentioned. Those are the things and all the different partnerships that we have, those are all still very good. It's just that it's all on the prepaid side.
Saul Martinez: Okay, got it. And then just a follow-up on deposit dynamics. You've talked a few times about a slowing of the rotation. And -- but if I look at period-end noninterest-bearing, it did fall close to 5% sequentially versus much different -- much worse than or much larger sequential decline than what you see on average. Just anything there that you want to call out what drove that? Is this -- and is it something that's somewhat transitory or not?
Andrew Cecere: Thanks for asking that question, because I want to point something out. We have a lot of volatility in the day-to-day NIB deposit levels principally due to our corporate trust business that has payments coming in and out on a daily basis, and depending upon where the quarter ends, the holidays, the end of the week, the end of the month, you could have volatility. So, we are very focused on the average balances and I would encourage you to do the same, because day-to-day, it could be very volatile and it does not indicate any trends.
Saul Martinez: Got it. All right. Thanks very much.
Andrew Cecere: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Mike Mayo: Hi. During the last quarter, there's been a few management changes, people leaving, people getting repositioned. And I think as we get ready for the September 12th Investor Day, we might look at the presenters and say, "Wow, these are a lot different than the presenters at your last Investor Day." So, I'm just trying to figure out what the tea leaves are saying and maybe you can just tell us directly, Andy, in terms of what is your time horizon for remaining CEO? And I only ask that given some of these recent changes. So -- and who are the contenders to be the next CEO of U.S. Bancorp? And would you consider looking outside of U.S. Bancorp for your successor? Just a little more color on all the moves that have taken place? Thanks.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks, Mike. So, as it relates to Investor Day, you're going to see some new faces for sure, but you're going to see some familiar faces as well. So, we'll have a good mix of both people that you're very familiar with as far as -- and some new. One of the things that we made a change with was putting Gunjan in the President's role. And about a year and a half ago, we combined what was then called WSIB, which is the -- or we combined to the institutional wealth group together with the corporate and commercial Group. And the synergies and the activity and the customer focus that evolved from that was just terrific. So, Gunjan has that same objective to do that with the entire bank, with the payments organization, with the consumer and business banking organization. And pulling together the leadership under one -- the businesses under one leader with the customer in the center and really taking advantage of all the diverse set of businesses that we have to really grow the business, that's the objective. And she's done a terrific job with that already. She's already started very fast to do it with the entire bank, and I'm looking forward to sharing that story on September 12th.
Mike Mayo: Okay. And the departures, anything related to that? Is that...
Andrew Cecere: Yeah, Mike, I would just say that's natural activity. We've had a very stable senior leadership group for years and years, and sometimes change happens, but there's no messaging in that.
Mike Mayo: Okay. And so, the theme, not to front run your conference too much, is, it's One USB, so you've done more One USB with wealth and commercial and now you're looking to be One USB, deliver the whole firm to the client, that sort of simple statement that's easy to say, tough to execute?
Andrew Cecere: Exactly.
Mike Mayo: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ken Usdin: Hey, thanks, guys. I just had a follow-up on the securities book. Just can you help us understand the meaningful increase that happened this quarter in the yields? And then, also, you mentioned 50% of the bond book is floating. Is that the total bond book? And then, can you help us understand how much of that book is swapped and what you do with that going forward in the -- given the rate outlook? Thanks.
John Stern: Sure. So, on the securities book, in terms of the quarter, the 19 basis point increase, a majority of that was related to opportunistically taking some of the excess liquidity that we had and putting it into the securities book. And so, you can think of that as short-dated treasuries or treasury swap to floating, that sort of thing, which is the equivalent from a net interest -- or an interest-rate risk perspective versus cash is just a kind of a simple way to think about it. In terms of the book itself, I would say that I made that comment because about in terms of AFS risk and all that sort of thing, we have hedged approximately 40% or so of the risk component. And then that coupled with just natural floating rate securities that we have within the book that are already floating, that gets you to about 50% that are either floating or synthetically floating through swaps. So that's kind of the details of it. Now on the other side of that, we have put on hedges to -- put receive fixed swaps on our corporate book, so that if rates do fall, we're protected on that end as well. So, those are kind of the balances. All in, it gets us to where we want to be from an interest-rate risk standpoint, which is neutral to shocks, which is where we are today.
Ken Usdin: Okay. So just -- so are you saying that gets you to around half of the total book, AFS and HTM?
John Stern: Yes, that's correct.
Ken Usdin: Okay, cool. And sorry, just one last one. Under $16.8 billion for cost after the second quarter result, can you just remind us what that means for the trajectory from here? And thanks again for follow-ups.
John Stern: Yeah. $16.8 billion or less, that's our fee -- or excuse me, that's our expense outlook. Where we have been over the last couple of quarters is very consistent with where we're at. As Andy talked about, we've hit the -- that point on the investment curve. We continue to feel like we're in a very good spot in terms of managing expense going forward.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks, Ken.
Ken Usdin: Thank you.
Operator: And we have no further questions in our queue at this time. Mr. Andersen, I turn the call back over to you.
George Andersen: Thanks, Krista. Thanks to everyone who joined our call this morning. Please contact the Investor Relations department if you have any follow-up questions. Krista, you can now disconnect the call.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-17 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the U.S. Bancorp First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately 8:00 a.m. Central Time. 
 I will now turn the conference call over to George Andersen, Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp. 
George Andersen: Thank you, Rochelle, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'm joined by our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Andy Cecere; our Vice Chair and Chief Administration Officer, Terry Dolan; and Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, John Stern. Together with some initial prepared remarks, Andy and John will be referencing a slide presentation. A copy of the presentation, our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are on our website at usbank.com. 
 Please note that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of today's presentation, our press release, our Form 10-K and in subsequent reports on file with the SEC. Following our prepared remarks, Andy, Terry and John will take any questions that you have. 
 I will now turn the call over to Andy. 
Andrew Cecere: Thanks, George. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. I'll begin on Slide 3. In the first quarter, we reported earnings per share of $0.78, which included $0.12 per share of notable items. Excluding notables, earnings per share totaled $0.90. 
 Our balance sheet remains strong. We are maintaining our through-the-cycle underwriting discipline and seeing the benefits of our multiyear investments in digital, technology and payments ecosystem in the form of strong fee growth across our business lines. Importantly, we continue to accrete capital this quarter. Our CET1 ratio ended the period at 10.0% and our return on tangible common equity ratio was 17.4% on an adjusted basis. 
 Slide 4 provides additional performance metrics on both a reported and adjusted basis. 
 On Slide 5, I'll provide some additional high-level observations for the quarter. Starting with the balance sheet. Credit quality metrics continue to develop in line with our expectations, and we achieved healthy growth in tangible book value per share on both a linked quarter and year-over-year basis. 
 Loan and deposit growth remains under pressure for the industry, and that dynamic impacted our net interest income this quarter. Our NII on a taxable equivalent basis of approximately $4 billion was within our guidance, albeit on the lower end of the range. We are seeing good opportunities for loan growth in targeted portfolios. And notably, we continue to see consumer deposit growth despite the impact of QT on industry deposit levels. 
 Over the past few weeks, the outlook for potential rate cuts in 2024 has meaningfully changed as long-term rates have backed up. Client behavior across the industry is adjusting in response to the potential higher-for-longer interest rate environment that has impacted our deposit mix and pressured deposit costs. 
 As a result, we now expect our NII for the full year to be lower than anticipated. However, we are taking a closer look at our expense base given these near-term NII headwinds and plan to take actions to mitigate the impact of lower-than-expected NII to our overall profitability. John will go on to more details on these topics, but importantly, we believe this is a near-term phenomenon. 
 Turning to Slide 6. We continue to feel good about the momentum across our differentiated fee businesses. Fee income represents about 40% of our total net revenue, which stands to position us well in a lower interest rate environment. Overall, we are encouraged by our current trends in our client growth and penetration rates, as evidenced by the continued strength we have seen across many of our fee revenue businesses this quarter. 
 Slide 7 provides an update on our differentiated payments ecosystem. Over the past few years, we have made good progress to both expand our business banking and payments relationships and grow related revenue associated with these relationships. You may recall, we discussed an opportunity to grow small business relationships by 15% to 20% and related revenue by 25% to 30% a few years ago. As you can see on this slide, we're making good progress and see even greater opportunity to further expand these relationships and related revenue in the medium term. 
 Let me now turn the call over to John, who will provide more detail on the quarter as well as provide forward-looking guidance. 
John Stern: Thanks, Andy. On Slide 8, we provide an earnings summary. This quarter, we reported diluted earnings per share of $0.78 or $0.90 per share after adjusting for notable items, including the last of merger and integration costs of $155 million following our acquisition of Union Bank and $110 million related to an anticipated increase in the FDIC special assessment. 
 Turning to Slide 9. Total average loans were $371 billion, down 0.5% linked quarter, as growth was impacted by slow industry loan demand in the current higher interest rate environment. Despite tightening monetary policy and ongoing pressure on industry-wide deposits, our total average deposits of $503 billion were stable linked quarter as we continue to see our efforts to grow consumer-related deposits materialize. 
 End-of-period deposit growth was a little higher than we would typically see in the first quarter. Trust and corporate deposit inflows are seasonally higher at the end of the first quarter. However, the impact of holiday timing at quarter end delayed planned outflows of institutional deposits, which resulted in temporarily higher cash levels. We expect deposit outflows to move in line with more typical seasonal patterns. 
 Importantly, we continue to proactively manage the balance sheet by prioritizing opportunities that exceeded our cost of capital and further optimized our funding mix. We continue to limit our reliance on short-term borrowings and remain disciplined on deposit rate paid as we focus on relationship-based deposits. 
 Turning to Slide 10. Net interest income on a taxable equivalent basis totaled approximately $4.0 billion, down 3.1% linked quarter. And net interest margin declined 8 basis points to 2.70%. Both net interest income and net interest margin declines were driven by continued unfavorable deposit mix shift and deposit pricing pressure as well as slower loan demand. 
 Slide 11 highlights trends in noninterest income. Noninterest income increased 7.7% or $193 million on a year-over-year basis, driven by higher payments revenue, continued strength in underlying capital markets activity and stronger mortgage banking fees. On a linked quarter basis, noninterest income, as adjusted, decreased 1.4% or $38 million, reflective of seasonal declines in payments volume; and previously discussed impacts related to the exiting of our ATM cash provisioning business, which pressured service charges; and lower tax credit syndication fees, which impacted other revenue. 
 Turning to Slide 12. Reported noninterest expense for the quarter totaled $4.5 billion, which included approximately $265 million of notable items. Noninterest expense, as adjusted, decreased $10 million or 0.2% on a linked-quarter basis and $117 million or 2.7% year-over-year, driven by both cost synergies with Union Bank and our continued focus on operational efficiency. 
 Slide 13 highlights our credit quality performance. Asset quality metrics continue to develop in line with our expectations. Linked quarter, nonperforming assets increased 20%, reflecting continued stress in our commercial real estate office portfolio and one idiosyncratic commercial loan. The ratio of nonperforming assets to loans and other real estate was 0.48% at March 31 compared with 0.40% at December 31 and 0.30% a year ago. Our first quarter charge-off ratio of 0.53% increased 4 basis points from a fourth quarter level of 0.49% and was higher when compared to a first quarter 2023 level of 0.3% as adjusted. Our allowance for credit losses as of March 31 totaled $7.9 billion or 2.1% of period-end loans. 
 Turning to Slide 14. Our common equity Tier 1 ratio of 10.0% as of March 31 was reflective of a 10 basis point increase from year-end, which included 20 basis points of net capital accretion, offset by a CECL transitional impact of 10 basis points. We remain well above our regulatory capital minimum requirements. 
 I will now provide forward-looking guidance on Slide 15. We expect net interest income for the second quarter on an FTE basis to be relatively stable with the first quarter level of approximately $4.0 billion. Full year 2024 net interest income on an FTE basis is now expected to be in the range of $16.1 billion to $16.4 billion. Our revised guidance reflects a shift in commercial client deposit behavior in a higher-for-longer rate environment and heightened competitive industry dynamics. For the full year, we continue to expect mid-single-digit growth in noninterest income. 
 Given the pressure we are seeing on net interest income, we are reducing our expense guidance for the year. We now expect full year noninterest expense of $16.8 billion or lower, which compares to $17.0 billion in 2023. 
 Let me now hand it back to Andy for closing remarks. 
Andrew Cecere: Thanks, John. We have been preparing for a wide range of economic scenarios for some time now, and we continue to deliver industry-leading returns despite the current industry stress. Our diverse business mix is allowing us to differentiate in a competitive market, and we are seeing the benefit of the investments we've made and continue to make in our digital capabilities, our technology modernization and our payments ecosystem.
 The message I'd like to leave you with is that we will successfully navigate through the near-term challenges the industry is facing. But more importantly, we are well positioned for the future and continue to manage the company with a long-term lens. 
 Let me close by recognizing the many dedicated employees for all they do to support the constituents of our national banking franchise. It is because of our exceptional talent pool that we remain poised to execute on our capital-efficient growth objectives and continue to deliver the financial performance our shareholders have come to expect. 
 We will now open up the call for Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. 
Robert Siefers: Was hoping, either Andy or John, you could talk just in a little more detail about sort of the nuance in the tougher NII guide for the full year. So I guess, at an industry level, we've got a couple of dynamics at play, whether it's the challenging loan growth environment or of course the impact of higher for longer on deposit costs and betas. So maybe the main 1 or 2 kind of pressure points you saw.
 And then I guess as the follow-up. It doesn't feel like there will necessarily be a lot more pressure on NII. It's just that it might not advance in the second half. Is that the best way to think about it? 
John Stern: Sure, Scott. Thanks for the question. So maybe just take a step back just to answer your question. In the -- in January, when we talked about our guidance, we looked at, and we expected our 2024 net interest income, to be in line with the annualized fourth quarter number given that was past MUB actions that we had taken throughout the course of the year. And so to your point, we're 1% to 3% lower than the new guidance -- with our new guidance here.
 And the outlook really speaks to changes or the dynamics that we have in the economy, the interest rate environment, the dynamics in the deposit environment, those sorts of things. The conversation of course has shifted. At the beginning of the year, there was multiple cuts, now we're shifting to more higher for longer. 
 And what we've witnessed over that time is that our client behavior, particularly in the corporate and mid-market sections, have been shifting their behavior. And clients are continuing to rotate out of low-cost deposits into higher-cost deposits. And the pace of this action is slowing. We absolutely see that. It's just not slowing as fast as what we would have anticipated. 
 So to boil that all together, what we do see now with our guidance is that we have the second quarter net interest income will be relatively stable and we should see growth in the second half of the year. And we provided a range given that uncertainty in terms of client behavior and things of that variety. 
 And the final thing I would just say is that we recognize this upfront and we're taking action. We are looking at our expense base and taking action and pulling some levers that we have been looking at. And so that's kind of how we think about the guidance from a big picture perspective. 
Andrew Cecere: Thanks, John. And Scott, I'd just add that we continue to look for opportunities to improve efficiencies, particularly in this higher-for-longer rate environment. So we benefited from the $900 million of cost takeouts from the Union Bank transaction. And we continue to focus on additional efficiencies in areas like procurement and third-party spend, our workplace management and our properties and real estate. 
 And probably the area of greatest emphasis is operational efficiencies as we centralize our operations activities and technology investments we've made to really improve the effectiveness and efficiency in how we deliver our products and services. So that will continue to be a focus and a lens for us, and that's -- those are the actions we're taking. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. 
Ebrahim Poonawala: I guess maybe just following up on NII, John, if we could drill a little bit into it. One, the securities yield went down 1 basis point sequentially. Just could you remind us of the dynamic, both in terms of the security book and fixed rate asset repricing that we should be mindful of going forward? 
 And then noninterest-bearing deposits, I think, saw a big surge at the end of the quarter. Again, what's the right way to think about NIB balances and mix as we look forward? 
John Stern: Sure. So maybe I'll start with your first question on the securities yield. It was relatively flat or down 1 basis point, as you cited. This quarter was a little bit different. We had taken some hedging actions that actually offset some of the asset churn that we typically would see. And so I would view this as more of a temporary thing. 
 I would look -- as I look forward, the typical churn that you see in asset repricing of that book. As a reminder, it's about $3 million per quarter that is rolling off at the lower level and will replace. And so that's really going to be what we're looking at kind of going forward. So I'd just look at this as an anomaly. 
 On the deposit side, yes, we did -- I believe your question was on the surge in deposits. We did see a surge at the end of the quarter. There was a holiday in there, a lot of customers place balances with us. Very much temporary. A lot of those balances kind of hung on in and out here through tax season. And so we typically have that. It's just higher than what we would typically see for various reasons. And so we -- as we mentioned in our comments, we expect that to get to more seasonal levels. 
 And then just your follow-on was really on the noninterest-bearing side of things. It's continued to trend down on that mix of NIB versus total deposits. We're kind of in that 17% category right now. As we're in a higher for longer, it's possible that, that continues to drift lower just based on the dynamics that we're seeing in the marketplace. 
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. And I guess just separately around outlook for fee revenues. So your -- I think Andy addressed that in his prepared remarks, but give us a sense of any -- what areas you're seeing momentum on the fee revenue side. And whether there's any room for sort of upside surprise, if we get additional negative guide-downs on NII. 
John Stern: Yes, sure. So I mean, overall, we feel very -- we're pleased with the quarter 1 results. We saw good account growth. We're deepening relationships. We continue to see progress on Union and the growth opportunities that we see there. Consumer spending metrics, all the underlying metrics are strong, capital markets activities are strong. And that is supportive of our continued view on the single-digit growth on the fee aspect of things. 
 Areas that we see growth. We particularly have seen that in the capital markets space. We had an extremely strong fixed income capital markets activity. A lot of issuance that came to market and our franchise absolutely benefited from that. Mortgage has continued to be strong in terms of -- even though applications and production has been lower on a year-over-year basis, we're actually seeing much wider spreads just given the areas that we're focusing on. And that's just a constant theme of how we're focusing on more return on equity -- or higher returns overall. 
 And then the payments business continues to do well and be in line with our expectations. And so -- and that's just -- that helps us support the payments ecosystem that we have and all the initiatives and investments that we've made over time. So all that is very much coming together, and we feel very, very comfortable about our fee outlook. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John McDonald with Autonomous Research. 
John McDonald: We're wondering about how are you thinking about the outlook for net charge-offs and provision and just kind of the credit trends you saw this quarter. John, you mentioned there was the one idiosyncratic commercial. Other than that, kind of what are you seeing? And are you still kind of thinking about a mid-50s kind of net charge-off outlook for this year? That would be helpful. 
Terrance Dolan: Yes, John, this is Terry. Let me take that question. So when we end up looking at credit, again, credit generally is pretty strong. I think that we're continuing to see in nonperforming assets that, that will continue to tick up and did tick up in the first quarter. It's primarily related to commercial real estate office space. 
 And I think when we think about kind of the rest of the year, probably in the second quarter, it's going to tick up a bit more. But then, that growth rate is going to really moderate quite a bit. The thing to keep in mind with respect to commercial real estate office space is we've aggressively reserved for that. We feel like we've adequately covered the loss content that's in that portfolio. So even though NPAs are likely to tick up, we don't see that as a real impact from a P&L standpoint. 
 From a charge-off point of view in the first quarter, that's principally driven by just credit cards. And our expectation is that, that will probably in the second quarter also come up. But then on a full year basis, the charge-off rate that we would expect in credit cards is probably going to move up a bit in the second quarter and then start to moderate downward again. On a full year basis, we would expect that charge-off rate to be pretty similar to the charge-off rate that we see in the first quarter of about 0.425%. 
John McDonald: Okay. Got it. And then for the overall company, kind of still kind of trending to that mid-50s perhaps on the charge-offs? 
Terrance Dolan: Yes. I would say mid-50s, maybe closer to the 60 basis points. And again, I think that it's going to be a little bit lumpy because of just timing of commercial real estate charge-offs that will occur through the year. But again, we feel like we've adequately reserved for it. 
John McDonald: Got it. Okay. Great. And then, Andy, how are you thinking about the expense flex? You mentioned offsetting the NII. I guess, within reason, you're going to flex the expenses depending on the revenue environment plays out through the year? 
Andrew Cecere: Yes, John. So it is an environment that it's always important to look at efficiencies, and we're -- that's something we're very focused on. And it is in those areas we talked about, we'll continue to flex where we see opportunities. We've centralized operations. We have other opportunities in spend. It's a company-wide initiative, and we'll continue to focus on that. 
 Again, importantly though, I want to tell you John, that we're still investing, but we're looking at operational efficiencies as we deliver our products and services while continuing investments because the investments we've made is helping us with the efficiencies on a go-forward basis. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. 
Andrew Cecere: Welcome back, Betsy. 
John Stern: Welcome back, Betsy. 
Betsy Graseck: Thanks so much. So I had a follow-up on the comments around corporate behavior and the deposit shift from NIB. I want to understand two things. One is it should -- do you see your corporate deposits shifting from NIB to IB? Or is it more NIB to MMS? 
 And then separately, typically, corporates are in NIB because it's compensating balances for other services. So as this shift is going on, does it suggest that we're going to see an uptick in, say for example, treasury services or any of the other fee lines? 
John Stern: Betsy, it's John. Thanks for that. So in terms of the behavior, I think what we're seeing is the trends are slowing. The rotation is going, maybe first to answer your question, more from NIB into more IB. And it's more of the -- it's the trade-off for the client. 
 And what we're seeing really there is clients are just optimizing and being as -- just looking at their balance sheet, looking at their balances, especially in this higher rate environment. And now that they know it's going to be here for a longer period of time, they're taking a closer eye to it. We're just seeing that more and more. So the trends have been slowing, of that mix shift, it's just taking longer than what we would have anticipated. 
 So in terms of compensating balances, those are the things that are on a case-by-case basis with the clients. We look at the ECR rates that we pay and customers will then make decisions based on that. And so those are kind of the trade-offs that we see relative to that right now. 
Betsy Graseck: Okay. So treasury services potentially could see a little pop up in growth as how you pay for services changes? Or is that an overreach? 
John Stern: It's possible. But again, the dynamic's pretty fluid is kind of how I would describe it. 
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And also folks are staying on your balance sheet as opposed to going off balance sheet into MMS? 
John Stern: That's right. Yes. A lot of this is defending clients and making sure we're there for them. Again, we view this as a temporary phenomenon. This is just a timing thing. It's really just -- the churn here is continuing. It's just being -- the pace of it is taking a little bit longer for it to stabilize than what we would have anticipated. And that's really what's going on here. We want to make sure we're here for the long run for our clients and serving them as we kind of transition through this rate environment. 
Betsy Graseck: Got it. Okay. That's super helpful. And then just kind of 30,000-foot question here. Just could you help us understand how you are currently thinking about the asset sensitivity of U.S. Bancorp at this stage? How should we think about what higher for longer means for you for the whole organization? 
John Stern: Yes, sure. So I think in terms of asset sensitivity from a risk management perspective, we are as neutral as you can be. We've taken a lot of different actions to make sure -- because we just don't know where the rate environment is. I mean, it was 7 cuts at the beginning of the year, the market had. Now it's closer to 0. So we just want to make sure we are prepared for different type of rate environments. And so I think as we think about the asset sensitivity, that is really how we're positioning ourselves. 
 As we think about higher for longer and what that means, the drivers there are going to be clearly deposit betas and rate and paid and all that sort of thing may creep up. The offset to that is we're going to have asset churn on the loan side as well as the investment portfolio side. And over time, those things will offset and turn ultimately in our favor. But it's going to be that timing that's really going to matter in terms of what do those things move and shift over time. 
Andrew Cecere: So Betsy, as John said -- this is Andy. We've tried to narrow the corridor of volatility given the uncertainty in the outlook. And so we are about as neutral as we can be given all the puts and takes John talked about. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies. 
Kenneth Usdin: If I could ask a couple of questions on the fee side. One, can we just talk a little bit through the payments businesses? It looks like the overall year-over-year growth rate was 4%. I think you're aspiring for upper single digits. It looks like corporate was down year-over-year and maybe the rate in merchant slowed a little bit. So can you just talk us through some of those dynamics and then how you'd expect that traject going forward? 
John Stern: Sure. Yes. I think -- thanks, Ken. I appreciate that. We can look at -- maybe I'll take them in order. Merchant was kind of in that 4% area, as you mentioned, on the fee side of things. On that side, this quarter, we saw travel being a little bit down, but the other underlying metrics really have strong growth. We saw our tech-led initiatives really continue to propel very nicely. We saw high single digit for virtually other -- all the other categories in that space. So we think that travel is just kind of a short-term nature thing here, and we're well positioned and continue to feel good about high single digits there. 
 On the corporate side -- the corporate payment side, as you mentioned, that is -- it was negative over this year-over-year basis, but we are lapping the freight weight that has happened over the past year and that will really churn. There might be a little bit more than that in the second quarter. But we see strong momentum as we look -- again, the fundamentals of business spend and things like that are continuing to be in case. So we feel good about high single digits. 
 And then on the card side, really strong fee growth, good spreads, payment rates -- payment, spend trends constructive for how we're thinking about it. So all that -- we feel good about all the underlying trends from a payment standpoint. 
Kenneth Usdin: Okay. Got it. And then just in terms of some of the other lines, corporate services and mortgage did a lot better. I think you mentioned DCM and corporate and better gain on sale. Just wondering, are those both sustainable? Or was there any pull-forward on both of those areas this quarter? 
John Stern: I think it is. I think the underlying strength maybe had a little bit of positivity here in the first quarter. But underlying all that, I think the gain on sale in the markets that we're playing is legitimate. Even though the market has been slower from an application standpoint, a production standpoint, it's still kind of double digit, almost 20% down from year-over-year. So there's just -- there's a lot of -- the volumes are lower, but the spreads are wider, and we anticipate that to continue going forward. 
Kenneth Usdin: Okay. Great. And last cleanup one. Just the ATM business, it didn't look like service charges changed. Did that close at -- and I know it's not a net profit. I know it's neutral net profit, but can you just update us on that? 
John Stern: Yes. There was some of that in this quarter, and so they'll kind of fully run off here in the second quarter. 
Kenneth Usdin: With an offsetting cost? 
John Stern: Yes. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo. 
Michael Mayo: Another one on net interest income. Andy used the word temporary in your opening remarks when talking about either the decline or the worst guide. And I didn't know what you meant by temporary. 
Andrew Cecere: So what we're saying, Mike, is that this pressure that, as John described, we believe, is going to dissipate and has dissipated. It's just dissipating slower than we thought. And we expect a relatively stable into the second quarter and then growth in the back half of '24. So that's what I meant by temporary. 
Michael Mayo: Do you have any expectations for 2025 and where the floor is for noninterest-bearing deposits? Or any other color? 
Andrew Cecere: So I would expect that '25 would continue the momentum that we see in the second half of '24. We're not going to give a '25 guide right now because it's so volatile in terms of what rates could be. But importantly, Mike, we see the second half of '24, even in a lower rate cut environment and higher for longer, to start to go up. 
Michael Mayo: And I know I've asked this before, but it still applies, I think. So the big picture here is you got $900 million of savings from the Union Bank acquisition. So that's good for the expenses. The revenues you highlighted in your slide, business banking is up 1/3 over 3 years in terms of revenues. And relationships, you have mortgage, you have capital markets, you have payments. The revenues are working, the expenses are working. And then we look at the efficiency ratio for this quarter and the core number is like around 62% for a company that for so long had an efficiency ratio under 60%. 
 Now I know you're investing a lot nationally. We heard that at the BAAB conference, but it's just like when do you get under 60%? And I get the NII effect that distorts things, but you do have some peers that are under 60% now. So how should we think about efficiency at U.S. Bancorp? 
Andrew Cecere: Yes, Mike, that's why we're pulling these expense levers and looking at continuing to create efficiency. So I feel very positive about our fee categories. We have a diversified set of businesses, a lot of businesses that other banks don't have, like payments and commercial products, fund services, corporate trust, that helps us drive fee revenue. That's the strength that we talked about, that 7.7%. There are some headwinds on margin for the industry and for ourselves. We'll get past those headwinds, and we'll continue to operate efficiently and look for expense levers to get that efficiency ratio downward, and that's an objective of ours. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore. 
John Pancari: On the deposit growth in the quarter, the surge in growth you saw at the end of period, can you maybe size up the impact that was more seasonal and more tied to the holiday dynamic and how much that could pull back? 
 And then separately, also on the -- on your NII commentary, you did mention the competitive landscape shifting. Is that just regarding the deposit mix and pricing? Or are you also seeing some competitive dynamic impacting you on the loan front? 
John Stern: John, thanks. Maybe to answer your second question first. It's more of the deposit mix and rate paid. It's not necessarily the loan side. I think actually on the loan side, we see -- even though loans are soft at this point, we do see decent momentum on the commercial side. We saw good period-end growth there. Spreads are good. The asset churn is positive all there. I think it's just -- again, it's back on the deposit side of things in the mix. 
 And I would say even on the mix, I would say on the commercial side, it's just a rotational thing. The rates environment really hasn't changed in the commercial side. On the retail side, sometimes rates go up, sometimes down, depending on geography and market and all those sorts of things. But we're competitive there, and we want to make sure that we're growing, and we have been growing. We've been growing consumer deposits, as we mentioned. 
 Back on your first question on the deposit surge. It's probably in the area of $15 billion to $20 billion that we received. We get a lot of inflow at the end of the quarter as people prepare for outflowing payments, end of the month type payments as -- or first of the month as well as fifth of the month. And then sometimes they just hold it all the way through the tax season. That's exactly what we've seen here, is that you get this kind of surge up at the end of the quarter. It holds for the duration through tax day and then it starts to wind down. Kind of -- that's been very seasonal. It's just a bigger number than what we had typically seen. 
John Pancari: Okay. And then separately, on the expense efforts where you're taking a closer look, and you mentioned some of the areas, are those measures that you've taken fully reflected in that updated expense outlook of $16.8 billion for the year? Or could your efforts drive a somewhat lower number as you evaluate the opportunity? 
Andrew Cecere: So John, they're reflected in the efforts. That's why we brought it down to $200 million. And in the note, you'll see that's $16.8 billion at least. So we could pull additional levers as we continue to focus on this, but it is reflected in the guidance. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivek Juneja with JPMorgan. 
Vivek Juneja: Just want to probe, Andy, a comment that you expect net interest income to go up in the second half of '24. Could you talk a little bit about what you see as the drivers of that? 
Andrew Cecere: I'm going to let John start, and I'll add on. 
John Stern: Yes. The driver is really, Vivek, as we talked about the -- it comes down to the deposit side of things really first and foremost. And again, we're seeing the migration and rotation slow. It's just -- again, it's just taking some time. So eventually, as that goes, that will stabilize. And then you're going to have the asset -- continual asset churn on both loans as well as investment portfolio, things like that.
 I would also say that we've taken a lot of action to enhance return on equity. We're looking at capital-efficient ways to grow that. Those underlying themes continue, the Union growth opportunities that we see, and loan spreads have been favorable. So those are kind of the reasons that we see a positive nature and bend to the interest income that Andy talked about. 
Andrew Cecere: So as John said, it's the repricing of loans, the expectation of stabilization of the flow of deposits and the securities portfolio churn that we talked about. 
Vivek Juneja: And the hedge that you did, which you said was an anomaly this quarter, could you talk a little bit about that? Was that for -- that's not going to have an ongoing impact? Was that just something that you put on for capital protection? Or what was it? 
John Stern: Sure. Yes. So it really was more to get our asset sensitivity to be -- continue to be neutral. So those are actions that we took kind of as a onetime matter. So it's in the rate and go forward. That's why I kind of -- I called it as a temporary measure here in this quarter. Going forward, again, the driver here in investment portfolio is the $3 billion or so that's rolling off at lower yields and will be replaced at now current higher interest rates. 
Vivek Juneja: Got it. Because you already said you were neutral, so that's what I was trying to understand, what sort of change to make that you had to do to make it go to neutral. 
John Stern: Yes. Those are part of the actions that we take to get neutral. And those are the things that the team looks at on a frequent basis. We're actively managing that on a daily basis. We're looking at markets, we're taking actions, and this is just the result of that. 
Vivek Juneja: Okay. And is that what? Just received fixed swaps you added or terminated? Or what did you do? 
John Stern: Well, specifically, they were just -- they were pay-fixed swaps that we had terminated. They were shorter-dated in nature, but it reduced the yield because the pay-fixed carry was -- had been gone. But that just neutralized our interest rate sensitivity. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets. 
Gerard Cassidy: John and Andy, can you share with us -- obviously, you had a nice move up and your CET1 ratio is now at 10%. And we all know the Basel III endgame is coming. Nobody knows for certain when that final proposal will be in place. But it seems like, for the category 2 and 3 banks, that the unrealized securities losses will be carried through regulatory capital, which is not the case today, of course. 
 So with that as a backdrop, can you update us on where you want that CET1 ratio? And historically, you guys have been so good at giving back 75% to 80% of your annual earnings in dividends and buybacks. And when do you think we could possibly get back on that kind of track? 
John Stern: Sure, Gerard. I'll start. First of all, just to give an update on the unrealized loss. So from a positive standpoint, part of the hedging and activities that we do that I just talked about in prior questions really help here because we had -- even though rates were up 30, 40 basis points throughout the quarter, our AOCI was fairly neutral. So the impact to the AOCI from the investment portfolio in pension right now is about 220 basis points versus the 10.0% that we have on common equity Tier 1. 
 You're right. The Basel III endgame and all those sorts of things. That, along with, I would call CCAR results, for us, are two important milestones we need to see before we make any grand declarations on what our capital ratios will be going forward. 
 In the meantime, we'll continue to build our capital levels. And what we'll also do is focus on our returns. Obviously, the dividend is a large priority. Additional priority is investing in the company. And so we're pausing on share repurchases at this time as we build the capital. Over time, that will normalize back to kind of where we were. But this is kind of that transitional period that we're in. 
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And coming back to -- stepping back for a moment. Now the Union Bank, I assume is fully integrated. Obviously, that has been your focus since that acquisition. Can you share with us your thoughts about de novo expansion? You had that expand down in the Charlotte area. Is there more to come now that, again, the acquisition is behind you? What's your thoughts there as you look out over the next 12 to 24 months? 
Andrew Cecere: Yes, Gerard, we're focused on building our core customer base and deepening the relationships with the customers we have through those set of products and services that we offer. We have -- we do that through a number of mechanisms. One of them is through our branch system. One of them is through our relationship managers and working together. And that de novo effort is doing well. We also have partnerships with State Farm which increase our distribution base. 
 So we'll continue to look at all those levers, but the bottom line is that we continue to focus on more customers, deeper relationships across the diverse set of businesses that we have. And a lot of the opportunity, Gerard, is providing more services to customers who already are customers of U.S. Bank could benefit from some of the other products and services that we offer. 
Gerard Cassidy: And Andy, just a quick follow-up on the deepening the customer relationship that you just identified. When it comes to your middle market commercial or your core commercial account, if they only have a loan relationship versus one of your preferred accounts that have multiple relationships, that deepening you just mentioned, what kind of profit differential would you estimate there is between a customer that only has a loan versus your customer that has multiple products? 
Andrew Cecere: It's significantly higher. The more relationships, the higher the return, the more revenue, certainly. So if they have a loan only versus a loan plus deposit, plus treasury management, plus commercial products, plus payments, it all adds up. 
Gerard Cassidy: Yes. No, I agree. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. 
Matthew O'Connor: There's obviously a lot of puts and takes, like as you think about the net interest margin over time. But we've seen a number of banks put out kind of this medium-term NIM target. And wondering if you have any thoughts on what a more sustainable NIM is for you guys. You talked about the securities kind of cash flowing $3 billion. I don't know if there's any kind of underwater swaps that are chunky and roll off. But I guess the question is, what do you think about NIM kind of medium term versus where you are right now? 
John Stern: Yes. I'll start here. Matt, in terms of the net interest margin, it's going to obviously track net interest income over time, but it may bounce around. Some of the drivers of that, obviously, could be some of the things you just mentioned, the asset churn on the investment portfolio, the creep and -- on deposit costs and things like that. The cash levels and liquidity mix and things of that variety can also drive it as well. So we don't really have a call or a base of here's where our net interest margin. We're more focused on net interest income. 
Matthew O'Connor: And then are there any -- again, the securities book, you're pretty clear on the cash flow there, and I think that's fairly long duration from a cash flow perspective. Any swaps that we should be mindful of that could go either way, looking out the next couple of years? 
John Stern: I'm sorry, Matt, I didn't... 
Andrew Cecere: Swaps. So again -- go ahead. 
John Stern: The swap activity that we have. Yes. So just as a -- our hedging -- while we're very active in our hedging activities, we -- there's really no fundamental change. We continue to focus on pay-fixed swaps that have -- that hedge the investment portfolio. Obviously, we took some off that impacted, but it's a temporary thing. We still have well over 30% -- or well over 1/3 actually, of our risk hedged on the securities book.
 And then we have been adding receive-fixed swaps as well. Some of that spot, some of that forward-starting, depending on the nature. As the curve has come up here, and the curve has flattened and higher, that's an excellent opportunity for us to add some protection for the downside if and when that does occur. And all that adds up to be kind of that net neutral interest rate risk position that we're in. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Saul Martinez with HSBC. 
Saul Martinez: I guess another one on NII. Your guidance does assume modest reacceleration of NII in the back end. I think the second half NII is, at the midpoint, 2% higher than the first half. But what's embedded in -- can you be more specific about what's embedded in the through the cycle deposit beta assumption? 
 And John, you mentioned noninterest-bearing could continue to move down a little bit from 17%. How far could -- what's your best guess now as to how much more deposit migration and where that ultimately could land at? And what's sort of embedded in the guidance for those measures? 
John Stern: Sure, Saul. It's John. So on the beta side specifically, that has continued to slow. I think we're only up 1 or 2 points here this quarter, and was 3 the prior quarter. So it clearly has slowed. And as I mentioned, deposit rates in the commercial side are very flat. They have not changed. Retail bounces around a little bit, but we're going to be competitive and follow the market there, of course. But all in, it's -- if you're higher for longer, it's going to -- it may creep up 1 point here or 2, but we feel like the low 50s is probably the right place for it, for that to be as we kind of look forward. 
Saul Martinez: Okay. And in terms of noninterest bearing, the total liability or total deposits, where does... 
John Stern: Yes. I think that -- I think -- yes, as I mentioned a little bit on the noninterest-bearing side, we're at about 17%. It's -- customers are being more efficient and things like that. It could go down a couple of points as we stay a little bit lower -- at this higher-for-longer type period. 
Saul Martinez: Okay. Great. And I guess a follow-up on -- just a clarification on the deposits surge, your response to an earlier question on the deposit surge, Forgive me if I missed this, but the $15 billion to $20 billion surge, that's a normal surge in noninterest-bearing deposits? But I guess the question is, what's sort of the incremental to the normal surge? What was incremental this quarter to what you normally see? I'm just trying to get a base on which to forecast noninterest-bearing deposits going forward. 
John Stern: Sure. So in terms of the surge, the surge in absolute terms was like it was about $20 billion or so. It's probably $10 or so billion above and beyond what we typically see for this type of the quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo. 
Michael Mayo: Just kind of still a cleanup on NII. Just in very simple terms, if you're neutral to rates, why the guide lower for NII? I just want to make sure I have that rate. Did something happen that you didn't expect? Or you weren't fully neutral before this quarter? 
John Stern: Yes. Sure. Mike, it's John. So the -- yes, we are neutral, to answer your question, to shocks to interest rates. I think what we're explaining is the behavioral aspect of it, which sometimes can be a little more challenging to judge at that point in time. And so again, it's a little bit -- the pace of rotation is a little bit. It's slowing down, just not as much as what we had anticipated. So again, rate shocks moving up and down, we continue to feel very good from a neutral standpoint. It's just that behavioral aspect that we've been talking about here. 
Michael Mayo: And do you have a number for fixed asset repricing, say, through the end of next year? Because I think that's what's driving your higher guide for the second half of this year and into next year. So you've talked about $3 billion of securities. But by the end of next year, how much do you have in fixed assets that should reprice? Do you have like one grand number for that? 
John Stern: Well, I think the way I would think about it is about half of our loan book is fixed rate component. The other half is floating rate component and spreads are widening. So you can see some of the floating rate components perhaps improve over time. We're seeing decent growth in payments -- or excuse me, credit card. And so some of the mix is also working at play here. And so commercial loans are coming on. They're coming on at wider spreads. So that's kind of how I think about that from a big picture perspective. 
Michael Mayo: And then last one, loan spreads. I mean for a while there, it looked like we're headed into the recession and loan spreads were not widening. Now it looks like we're not having a recession and you have tight spreads in the capital markets and loan spreads are widening. I just -- why are loan spreads widening now? I guess that would be an incremental positive. 
John Stern: Yes. So I think it's just different markets. So I think some of the drag you're seeing in the commercial volume side is capital markets. Spreads have been -- and the access has been very good. We saw that reflected in our fixed income capital market fees and things of that variety. And so -- but I think that has taken away volume to a certain extent. In other areas where access to capital markets isn't as pronounced, I would say there has been a decent opportunity for spreads there. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. 
Ebrahim Poonawala: John, just a quick follow-up to make sure we get this right. The surge deposits that came in, I think you mentioned you expect about $15 billion to leave. Am I -- is all of that going out of noninterest-bearing? So the $91 billion number, does that go into the mid-70s as we think about the second quarter? 
John Stern: Some of this is temporary. So the surge that happens, it can be a mix of both money market as well as NIB. It may surge the NIB for a brief period of time, but it's not going to be material to the quarter. So even though -- so the surge that we've been talking about can be a mix of both. 
Ebrahim Poonawala: Mix of both. And so you do expect, just from a very -- dollar balance standpoint, NIB staying north of $80 billion. Is that fair? 
John Stern: Yes. I would expect, as we said, the rotation is continuing. So I wouldn't expect growth necessarily in DDA, but deposits overall, we do expect it to basically be stable. 
Ebrahim Poonawala: And just a separate question. Given all these questions on NII, I think, would love to hear the degree of conservatism baked into your NII outlook. Because I guess the concern you're hearing is whether we see another downward guide 3 months from now. And yes, so in terms of what would go wrong in order for us to see another guide down on NII and for you to be surprised? 
John Stern: Yes, Ebrahim, I don't look at it as conservative or aggressive. It's just the range. It's just the range that we provided, just given the uncertainty that's just in the market given all the factors that we've talked about here today. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Mr. Andersen, I turn the call back over to you. 
George Andersen: Thank you for listening to our earnings call. Please contact the Investor Relations department if you have any follow-up questions. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-17 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the U.S. Bancorp Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately 8 a.m. Central Time. I will now turn the conference call over to George Andersen, Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp. Please go ahead.
George Andersen: Thank you, Sarah, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'm joined by our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Andy Cecere; our Vice Chair and Chief Administration Officer, Terry Dolan; and our Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, John Stern. With their prepared remarks, Andy and John will be referencing a slide presentation. A copy of the presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at usbank.com. Please note that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of today's presentation, our earnings release, our Form 10-K and its subsequent reports on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Following our prepared remarks, Andy, Terry and John will take any questions that you have. I will now turn the call over to Andy.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, George. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining our call. I'll begin on Slide 3. In the fourth quarter, we reported earnings per share of $0.49, which included $0.50 per share of notable items that John will discuss in more detail. Excluding these notable items, earnings per share totaled $0.99 in the fourth quarter. For the fourth quarter, on an adjusted basis, net revenue totaled $6.9 billion, and for the full year, we generated record net revenue of $28.3 billion. We demonstrated strength across our fee businesses, which helped to offset pressure on net interest income. Turning to Slide 4. Total loans were lower on a linked-quarter basis by 1.1%, reflecting slower demand, particularly in corporate lending and continued focus on lending opportunities that meet our return hurdles. Average deposits declined compared with the third quarter as our strong funding position allowed us to be more disciplined on deposit pricing while maintaining our liquidity profile. Credit quality continued to normalize towards pre-pandemic levels this quarter, and we further strengthened the balance sheet by adding $49 million to our loan loss reserve. As of December 31, tangible book value per share increased 14.7% from a year ago, and our common equity tier 1 capital ratio ended the year at 9.9%, an increase of 20 basis points this quarter. This ratio is 150 basis points higher than when we completed the acquisition of Union Bank in the fourth quarter of 2022. Supported by a strong capital accretion this year, the Board approved an increase to our quarterly common dividend in December to $0.49 per common share. Slide 5 provides key performance metrics. On an adjusted basis, we delivered 19.6% return on tangible common equity in the fourth quarter and 21.7% return on tangible common equity for the full year. Let me now turn the call over to John, who will provide more details on the quarter as well as forward-looking guidance.
John Stern: Thanks, Andy. Turning to Slide 6, we reported diluted earnings per share of $0.49 for the quarter, or $0.99 per share after adjusting for notable items. Notable items totaled $1.1 billion on a pre-tax basis or $780 million net of tax, representing a $0.50 reduction per diluted common share, including an FDIC special assessment charge of $734 million, offset by a benefit from tax settlements in the quarter. Other notable items this quarter included, merger and integration costs of $171 million, a charitable contribution to fund our community benefits plan of $110 million, and a balance sheet optimization charge of $118 million. This quarter, we opportunistically restructured a portion of our investment securities portfolio, which we expect will enhance our net interest income trajectory, while also strengthening our capital and liquidity positioning. Slide 7 provides a more detailed earnings summary for the quarter. Turning to Slide 8, we continue to manage the balance sheet prudently as we saw reduced loan demand this quarter and the competition for deposits remained heightened as system-wide liquidity declined. Total assets ended the year at $663 billion. Average loans declined 1.1% on a linked-quarter basis, as growth in credit card loans supported by consumer spending and low payment rates was more than offset by weaker commercial loan demand. Average deposits declined 1.9% linked quarter. Given our strong deposit balances in the third quarter, we moderated our deposit pricing somewhat in the fourth quarter even as we grew consumer deposits by 1%. During the quarter, we rebalanced a portion of our securities portfolio, which provided risk-weighted asset relief and improved our overall earnings trajectory. The average yield on total investment securities portfolio increased to 2.97% for the fourth quarter, a 55 basis point increase compared to a year earlier. As of December 31, the ending balance on the total investment securities portfolio was $161 billion. During the quarter, effective duration on the available for sale portfolio declined to less than three years as unrealized losses, net of tax, improved by approximately $2 billion given the movement in rates and repositioning. Turning to Slide 9, net interest income on a fully-taxable equivalent basis declined 3.0% linked quarter, driven by a modest decline in the net interest margin of 2.78%. The 3 basis point decline in the net interest margin reflected market dynamics including deposit pricing pressure and unfavorable shifts in the deposit mix, partially offset by better earning asset spreads and improved total funding mix. In the first quarter of 2024, we expect net interest income on a fully-taxable equivalent basis to be in the range of $4.0 billion to $4.1 billion. For the full year 2024, we expect net interest income on a fully-taxable equivalent basis to be consistent with our annualized fourth quarter 2023 net interest income level of approximately $4.14 billion to up slightly. Slide 10 highlights trends in noninterest income. Noninterest income, as adjusted, increased 12.1% on a year-over-year basis, driven by new account growth and deepening relationships across the business. Year-over-year payment service revenue benefited by continued strength in consumer and business spending activities, while increases in trust and investment management fees and commercial product revenue were driven by underlying market activity, a full fourth quarter with Union Bank, and core growth. Turning to Slide 11, noninterest expenses, as adjusted, decreased by 1.0% on a linked-quarter basis, driven by lower compensation-related expense that was partially offset by strategic investments in marketing and business development. Slide 12 highlights our credit quality performance. Asset quality metrics trended in-line with expectations, and key metrics continue to normalize toward pre-pandemic levels. Our ratio of non-performing assets to loans and other real estate was 0.40% at December 31 compared with 0.35% at September 30 and 0.26% a year ago. The fourth quarter net charge-off ratio of 0.49% increased 5 basis points from a third quarter level of 0.44% and was higher when compared to a fourth quarter 2022 level of 0.23%, as adjusted. Turning to Slide 13, we increased our common equity tier 1 ratio to 9.9% as of December 31. The combination of earnings accretion, net of distributions, and balance sheet optimization actions resulted in a 20 basis point increase linked quarter. Balance sheet optimization activities continue to have a low to neutral impact on earnings and provided additional risk transfer benefits. As we move into 2024, we expect earnings to be the primary driver of capital accretion with limited reliance on balance sheet capital-related actions. As of December 31, 2023, our common equity tier 1 capital ratio remains above our regulatory capital minimum by 290 basis points. Let me now hand it back to Andy for closing remarks.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, John. I'll end my prepared comments on Slide 14. 2023 was a turbulent year for the industry. However, we achieved a great deal, including our successful conversion of Union Bank in late May and the realization of $900 million in run rate cost synergies related to Union Bank by year-end as we had targeted. Additionally, we accomplished our goal of accreting -- accelerating the accretion of CET1 capital and received full relief from Category II commitments we made in conjunction with the Union Bank transaction. Entering 2024, we are positioned to continue to deliver industry-leading returns on tangible common equity, are appropriately reserved for macroeconomic uncertainties and remain confident in our strategy for future growth and expansion. We are seeing positive momentum across our fee-based businesses as we deepen our most profitable client relationships and continue to target flat expense growth in 2024 even as we strategically invest in key areas and further execute on revenue growth opportunities with Union Bank. Let me close by thanking our employees for their continued dedication to supporting the needs of our clients, communities, and shareholders in what was a meaningful year for the company. We'll now open up the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Scott Siefers: Thanks, everybody. Good morning.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Scott.
John Stern: Good morning.
Scott Siefers: Hey. John, I was hoping you could maybe provide a little more context around the NII thoughts for the full year. It sounds like if I did the math correctly, we're expecting somewhere between $16.5 billion and $16.6 billion for the full year. Maybe just some thoughts on how the margin and NII should traject. I would presume maybe a little more downward pressure on NII given day count in the first quarter, but does it trough there and then sort of grow throughout the year, or would there be other factors that would cause NII maybe to bleed through, say, middle of the year and then start to inflect back up or maybe just any thoughts there?
John Stern: Sure. Good morning, Scott. Thank you. Just -- maybe just to reiterate what was mentioned, in the first quarter, we'll see net interest income between $4.0 billion and $4.1 billion. As we think about the full year, for 2024, it's going to be consistent with our annualized fourth quarter number -- 2023 level of $4.14 billion and -- to up slightly. And we're using the fourth quarter actuals really because that -- we feel that's a more appropriate starting point given our balance sheet has now passed all the capital actions that took place during the 2023 calendar year. And so, some of the color around that and some of the drivers related to how we are thinking about that is we do believe that DDA and low cost deposit churn into higher cost deposits are going to abate over time. By the end of this quarter, we'll be nine months past the last Fed hike, as an example. We continue to see loan spreads improve in various categories, led on the commercial side of things. Loan and investment portfolio, asset churn continues to occur. Our loan pipelines have continued to strengthen over this quarter, certainly stronger than we've seen in the past couple of quarters. And we think that loan demand should be improved just given that the Fed is likely going to be in a cutting mode over time. And the counter to that, of course, is that deposit pricing is going to be competitive especially with QT running in some form in the background. So, while I'll say that first quarter NII projection is going to be slightly lower than the fourth quarter, these broad factors are really going to be supportive of NII growth as we -- especially as we think about the second half of the year.
Scott Siefers: Okay. Perfect. Thank you. And then maybe just a quick question on capital. Glad to hear that some of those balance sheet optimization efforts are beginning to sunset. Maybe one, do you have what you all estimate the sort of fully loaded common equity tier 1 ratio to be now and maybe the balance between just building and potentially returning capital going forward?
John Stern: Yeah. So I mean, right now, as you know, we're at 9.9% on CET1. With the improvement in rates, the impact of the AOCI on the investment portfolio securities is about 2.2 percentage points, and so, you're at 7.7%. As we think about that on a fully-loaded basis. So, if you think about it on a go-forward basis, we're going to create capital in the area of 20 to 25 basis points per quarter. We will have burned down on the securities book of about 30% or so relative to where it is by the end of 2025, just to give you some context. So, all that kind of adds up to building our capital to where we think it needs to be for the appropriate time given regulation and the timing of that.
Scott Siefers: Okay. Perfect. All right. Thank you very much.
John Stern: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ebrahim Poonawala of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Good morning.
John Stern: Good morning.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Just maybe, John, following up on the NII question. One, sorry if I missed it, what rate cut the assumptions did you have in your NII outlook? And then just talk to us about sensitivity. Are three cuts worse than six cuts? Just how we should -- given market expectations around this probably is going to change week by week. I'm just trying to test the resiliency of your NII outlook if we get more or less rate cuts.
John Stern: Sure. Absolutely. So, in terms of our current projections, we have four interest rate cuts by the Fed starting in the second quarter of this year. Now, whether or not that's two cuts or six cuts, it's not going to be a material driver to our outlook. We have worked hard to get our net interest income sensitivity to be more or less in a neutral position. And so, we feel like whether the cuts are -- how they are positioned are not going to be a material driver to the change of the outlook, excuse me.
Ebrahim Poonawala: That's helpful. And I guess just a second question. I'm not sure if you laid out any outlook for fee revenue growth for the year in terms of -- if you can just talk to in terms of what you expect overall in fee revenues? And particularly on payments, if you can call out expectations on what you assume for the year there? Thank you.
John Stern: Sure. Yeah, I'll call a couple of things on payments and some of the other fee categories. So, as we think about payments, certainly, in terms of merchant processing, we've put a lot of investment in there. There's a lot of technology-led advancements that we've made in terms of connections and certainly some MUB synergies. And so, we continue to expect high-single digits in terms of revenue growth there. The same would be said for corporate payments, we think high-single digits, given the amount of T&E growth and client growth and all that sort of thing that we see. And then, on the card side of things, we've seen a very nice margin expansion. MUB certainly helps. And holiday sales have been -- were certainly helpful this past quarter, but we see that extending, and so we think mid-single digits from that standpoint. I would also reiterate, we've had really very nice growth in the commercial product side. We've had -- particularly in 2023. We would expect high-single digits there, given strength we've had in foreign exchange, derivatives, the fixed income, capital markets, loan syndication has all been performing very well for us. Our trust investment management fee also should experience growth led by our institutional service businesses and Corporate Trust and Fund Services, and certainly in wealth management, some of the fees associated with that. But one thing I would point out though in terms of service charges, we have exited our ATM cash servicing business and that was a business we decided to exit just given the high level of capital related to it in terms of intensity and investment. And so, that will impact us by about $30 million to $35 million per quarter, starting in the first quarter.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
John Pancari: Good morning.
John Stern: Good morning.
John Pancari: John, thanks for the colors so far on the guidance. I guess similarly, can you walk through your -- within the NII expectations you provided, can you walk through your expectation for loan growth for the year and how you expect that could traject? I know your side of demand weakening. And then the same thing on the deposit front, you can maybe give us your expectation of how you think growth can look like on an overall basis and maybe how the NIB, the noninterest-bearing mix could traject from here? Thanks.
John Stern: Sure. So, a couple of things there. So, I'll start on the loan growth side. I do believe our expectation is that we will see growth in the commercial side. Of course, that was a little bit weaker this last quarter as we experienced pay downs, particularly as clients were accessing capital markets and things of that nature. But we've seen really a good pipeline build in that. We expect utilization to pick up and things of that variety. So, we feel like that, along with credit cards, will be good sources of growth for us, as we think about loan growth going forward. On the deposit side, as a reminder, we'll probably be lower in the first quarter. We seasonally lose deposits just as we kind of go through the year-end process and just given the mix of our businesses, deposits end up being a little bit lower in the first quarter, but then we see more or less stabilization. But there might be some headwind there, particularly depending on QT and how the Fed draining of liquidity out of the system will impact the numbers there. And then, going into your NIB comment, we've seen, of course, rotation out of NIB into other interest-bearing products. That continues but starts to wane as we go throughout the year. And again, as I mentioned, we're going to be nine months by the end of this quarter past the last Fed hike, and that gives us some signal that that will begin to abate.
John Pancari: Great. Okay. Thank you for that. And then, I guess, if you could help us just think about how we should think about the magnitude of operating leverage that's reasonable as you look at next year? I know we do have some color on how you're thinking about NII and fees and then put that against your efforts to keep expenses stable, but I guess, could you just maybe frame it the range of operating leverage that you think is reasonable as we look at the next year?
Andy Cecere: Good morning, John. This is Andy. So, let me start with this and John can add on. So, as I said in my prepared remarks, we're going to benefit from the cost efficiencies of the Union deal to total $900 million, and that is fully reflected now and into the run rate starting this quarter. So, we're achieving those benefits because of the benefits of technology investments we've made, digital investments, operational investments, our risk platform. And so that is the benefit of the investments we've made, and we would expect to continue to invest in the business, in those capabilities and payments and technology modernization. So, we are also very cognizant in managing expenses very closely. We still have opportunities in terms of efficiencies in personnel and operations and activities around technology that will allow us to more efficiently deliver the services we have. So, I would expect as we get towards the second half of the year that when we start to see that margin growth that John talked about as well as the fee normalization, that we would have opportunity for positive operating leverage and we're going to -- again, that is our long-term objective as always and we have levers to pull.
John Pancari: Great. Thanks, Andy.
Andy Cecere: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John McDonald with Autonomous Research. Your line is open.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, John.
John McDonald: Hi, good morning. I was wondering if you could give a little color on what you saw this quarter in credit quality, on the NPA movement, particularly in commercial. And then, also, John, maybe just some thoughts on the potential charge-off trajectory as you see things migrate from NPA into charge-offs this year, what we should be thinking about? Thank you.
Terry Dolan: Yeah. Good morning, John. This is Terry Dolan. So, I'm going to take this question related to credit quality. Your first one is really related to non-performing assets and some of the things that we saw in the fourth quarter. If you end up going across the portfolio, generally pretty stable. We did see a couple of idiosyncratic loans that went into non-performing status. Both of those were kind of Union legacy sort of credits, so continue to kind of work through that. But I would also say that both of those are fairly well collateralized. So, we don't necessarily see a lot of charge-off content related to those idiosyncratic credits. When we look at net charge-offs and the trajectory, I would expect that -- we would expect that it will continue to kind of normalize. Credit card is kind of getting closer to pre-pandemic levels, but that will continue to move up a little bit. Our expectation is that for full year 2024, we'll probably be in kind of in the mid-50s in terms of the net charge-off rate.
John McDonald: Okay. Thanks, Terry. And then, John or Andy, just on the fee revenues, John ticked off on the fee revenues, a number of high-single digit kind of potential growers in '24. How do we think about kind of the ability to grow total fee revenues and what kind of base should we use for that? It looks like maybe the adjusted base for '23 was about $10.8 billion of fee revenues. Is that something you can grow off of that? Just trying to contextualize. Total revenue last year was around $28 billion. How should we think about the ability to grow revenues on fees and maybe total revenues this year?
John Stern: Yeah. So I mean, we had, as you mentioned, some of the fee numbers there. From a core fee perspective, we do expect to grow. I ticked off some of the areas in terms of payments, commercial products, trust and all sort of thing. Other -- and some of the service charges components there. Of course, in terms of mortgage, that will be probably somewhat in the flat range. And in terms of other, we had a little bit of a high number in terms of the fourth quarter related to tax credit, related impact finance, syndication fees and things like that. So, all those things in, we expect kind of that mid-single in terms of the fee components going forward for this year.
John McDonald: Okay. Kind of a mid-single from that 10.8 adjusted base?
John Stern: Hmm.
John McDonald: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian of UBS. Your line is open.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Erika.
Erika Najarian: Good morning. My first question is for you, Andy. Clearly, you went through it in terms of some capital consternation in 2023. And now you're sitting here with 9.9% CET1. No longer have to be a Category II bank early, and all the color that we're getting from Washington is that Basel III endgame will be at least delayed, if not soften significantly. As you think about maybe just one more hurdle ahead over the near term in terms of the DFAST, how are you thinking about where U.S.-based proper CET1 ratio is in terms of the minimum looking forward to a future where maybe capital is a little bit tighter, but you're also growing? And do you feel like you're now on offense and all the sort of the balance sheet management that was designed to optimize capital is fully behind you?
Andy Cecere: Yeah, Erika, as John mentioned, I think our balance sheet optimization efforts are behind us. Our focus on capital accretion will be from earnings as we go into 2024 and forward. As we talked about, we are at a 9.9% CET1 ratio today. A couple of years ago, our target was between 8.5% and 9%. So, we're above that target. But we're also cognizant of the rules that are coming, both from the perspective of Basel III endgame, which is still uncertain, as you talked about, as well as CCAR and how that will evolve over time. So, we will continue to accrete the 20 to 25. We'll continue to burn down the AOCI. When we get clarity on the capital rules, both Basel III and CCAR, we'll then determine what the proper capital target will be. My expectation is we'll be above the 9% that we were a few years ago. But we'll define that, refine that, and then we'll get into what the math is around buybacks at that time.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And one follow-up question for you, John. Thank you for giving us some of the components of the NII. I'm just wondering, as you mentioned QT, are you generally expecting deposits to be down -- total deposits to be down even if DDA mix shift abates? And also, how quickly do you think the deposit betas on the way down can react to each Fed rate cut?
John Stern: Sure. In terms of -- the first part of your question in terms of QT, we do anticipate QT to be throughout the year. And so that's going to, on whole, put pressure on deposits throughout the year in terms of balances. And so, we don't expect a lot of growth overall in deposits, but we'll -- we have ways to manage through that. Of course, they're talking through various ways to change the QT, but that just remains to be seen. In terms of deposits performance on the way down, I anticipate commercial and wholesale type balances will go down just as fast as they would come up. On the retail side, it's going to be more of an arc. It'll take some time for that to turn. But those are our expectations.
Erika Najarian: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
John Stern: Hey, good morning, Mike.
Mike Mayo: Hi. So, I wasn't clear, are you guiding for flat, positive or negative operating leverage or none of the above for 2024? And more generally, I mean, the real question is, when do you get back to your historical efficiency ratio? I think you talked about this at a presentation in December. I mean, 61% core efficiency in the fourth quarter isn't exactly like legacy U.S. Bancorp, and that's up 300 basis points year-over-year. And earlier last decade, you were 55%. Going back further, you were the low 50%s. Is that just the aspirational target now? Or is that a real target over the next two years or so? And along those lines, I guess, you have all the savings you're going to get from Union Bank. So, where does the risk come from here?
Andy Cecere: Yeah, Mike, it's probably more likely a positive operating leverage in the second half of '24 versus the first half given some of the margin pressures that we talked about. That is still our objective. My expectation is, once we get more to our normalized revenue level, that we will continue to manage expenses below revenue growth and continue to take down that efficiency ratios into the 50%s. That's the way we're planning.
Mike Mayo: When you say into the 50%s, I mean, is it something -- can you get back to 55%? Is that in your planning horizon, even going out a few more years? And it looks like the payments business is recatching its stride here. And along those lines, I didn't see the slide anymore on the payments business combined with small business banking. You're going to grow small business relationship like 15% to 20% and the revenues by 25% to 30%. I don't see any slide for that. And I know you got -- look, you got Union Bank deal, you had the issues of last March and April, and it's okay. Your capital is back, the deal is done, and now we're back to kind of U.S. Bancorp business as usual. So, I'm just trying to look for some color on that if you're going to become the square of banking or if that's still a goal, and how those revenues might help you improve that efficiency?
Andy Cecere: Sure, Mike. And it is still a goal. We do think this combination of payments and business banking and providing that comprehensive product set and capabilities to help people run their business is a key strategic priority, it continues to be. And I think the B categories that John mentioned are also a key driver of revenue, including payments, commercial products, trust and investment, and those are all areas that we expect continued growth on. The immediate pressure on net interest income is what's causing us not to get positive operating leverage in the short term. But it is something that I believe, and as John mentioned, will abate and start to grow into the second half of 2024. And so, I think we're going to get to the positive operating leverage. We are planning on it. And we will continue to drive that efficiency ratio down certainly into the 50% -- high 50%s at the beginning and continue to deliver positive operating leverage to get it even lower. That's our objective.
Mike Mayo: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Matt.
Matt O'Connor: Hi, good morning. Just to clarify, the flat expense guidance for '24 is also the adjusted level of '23 of 17.0?
Andy Cecere: That's correct.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. And I assume that includes any expense benefit from the exit of the ATM cash business that you referenced earlier?
Andy Cecere: Correct.
John Stern: Yes.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. And then just stepping back, like any other kind of small businesses or segments that you're kind of reevaluating for, not so much kind of the regulatory proposals, which we'll see how they may finalize, but just other areas that you're stepping back and whether it's in mortgage, given the smaller market there, or other parts of the business portfolio that you're looking either to exit or to potentially lean into, that's a bit different than you were thinking, say, six months ago?
John Stern: Well, I can start and Andy can chime in. I think we commented on the ATM business. I mean, you're constantly evaluating certain things, particularly in the light of regulatory change. Clearly, a lot of common letters have been submitted in terms of the Basel III endgame. At the end of the day, it's not going to materially drive whether we exit businesses or enter new businesses, that sort of thing. It's just going to be a combination of a continual investment, as Andy mentioned, in terms of what we need to do toward achieving positive operating leverage and managing around regulatory actions. Those are some of the comments I'd throw out there.
Andy Cecere: I think I agree, John. And the only thing I'd add is that the environment and the competitive dynamic is something that causes us to be more aggressive or less aggressive in certain categories. And maybe the example I'll give you is auto lending, which is, for us is not growing right now. And that's because of the spreads and the returns are just not at our levels that we want to put on the books. So, those are areas that we're going to not get out of or close down, but just not emphasize in terms of growth at the levels of returns that we're seeing right now.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. And then, specifically in credit card, we're obviously seeing a normalization of losses with you guys and throughout the industry and also very strong growth. So, if we adjust losses kind of on a lag basis, they are above a few years ago. At what point do you tighten up credit card and say we should slow growth at this point in the cycle, or do you think there's still quite a bit of runway of, call it, good growth or healthy growth?
Terry Dolan: Yeah. Well, I mean, it is an area, Matt, that we think that there continues to be a nice growth in that particular space. It is an area, though, that certainly as we have looked at the economic uncertainties and all sorts of things, the pressure on consumers, especially given the inflationary sort of pressure. We -- on the margin around the edges, we do make adjustments to underwriting and tighten that up where we need to. But when you end up kind of thinking about the overall credit performance of credit card business, we still think it's a very nice business. We focus on prime, super prime sort of customers. And even through this cycle, I think it's going to perform very well.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning, Andy, and good morning, John.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Gerard.
John Stern: Good morning.
Gerard Cassidy: John, you touched on, in answering a question about commercial loan growth that some of your customers were accessing in capital markets and things of that nature. Can you guys share with us -- we read a lot and see a lot about the private credit markets have really become quite active and aggressive in making loans to corporate and commercial customers. Are you guys seeing that competition, number one? And also, is it any different than past years? Or has it intensified? And then, simultaneously, are any of these private -- Apollo, Blackstone, et cetera, are these customers of yours? And if they are, how do you balance the competition versus handling their needs?
John Stern: Sure. This is John, Gerard. So, in terms of on the commercial side, when I comment that going to the capital markets, it's more or less the public market, so taking bond issuance in the public investment-grade market. We tend not to see them or compete on the private credit side of things. It's just not a structure or type of loan type in terms of our client base that we tend to run into. So, it's more or less -- I can't say it's increased or decreased versus -- because we just don't see those names. We compete in the commercial space with our peer banks more or less in that particular venue. In terms of -- you mentioned in terms of client interaction, we have great relationships with a number of different names in terms of investment services, capital markets activities, other sorts of categories. So, we do have some very nice relationships with those institutions.
Andy Cecere: Yeah. Our Corporate Trust and Global Fund Services, Gerard, as John mentioned, businesses, they support a number of large private credit funds in the industry and, well, they are customers and clients of ours that we continue to serve.
Terry Dolan: I think the last thing I would just add is that depending upon where the capital rules end up and what sort of -- where the emphasis is or isn't, you could see more or less moving into the private capital sort of markets. They tend to have more flexibility in terms of structure. They take on more risk, all sorts of things. Again, may not be where we compete. But certainly, from an industry standpoint, private credit continues to be an area of focus.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you, Terry. Just if we step back for a moment and look at beyond Basel III endgame, maybe we do get the final proposal in the middle of this year or later this year. We get through the next DFAST. U.S. Bancorp has always had a hallmark of having one of the highest ROTCEs amongst the regional banks. Obviously, you're probably going to maintain that. But you also were very disciplined in giving back the excess capital every year to shareholders in buybacks and dividends. Generally, if I recall correctly, around 75% to 80% of total earnings in a combination of both. Andy, do you see that coming on the horizon, maybe 2025, once we get all the rules that we know where you see CET1 ratio needs to be? What's your outlook there?
Andy Cecere: Yeah, Gerard, we do achieve a high return on tangible common. I mentioned 19% to 20% fourth quarter versus full year '24. And as we think about going forward, I would expect us to continue to lead the pack in terms of that return, which is key to generating capital, key to returning capital. And again, once we get clarity on the rules, as I mentioned earlier, in both the Basel III endgame as well as the CCAR process, and determine our target capital levels, we will return the difference either through dividends or buybacks has been in our history.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Ken Usdin: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Just to follow-up on the deposit side, you mentioned in your prepared remarks about starting to moderate pricing a little bit, and you also talked about roll-off of higher-cost deposits. Just wondering if you can amplify both of those comments. So, what types of products or tweaks are you already being able to make on the deposit pricing front? And then, where did those higher cost deposits flow out of from a business perspective? Thanks.
John Stern: Sure. Thanks, Ken. My -- the comment was really around in terms of the fourth quarter in just what we saw. Maybe just stepping back a bit. In the third quarter, we grew deposits quite a bit. And part of that was we were just getting through the Union Bank acquisition. We wanted to make sure we were maintaining strong relationships with those clients and really all clients as we're going through those times. In the fourth quarter, given where loan demand went and where we had a little bit of excess deposits, so we've made decisions really just tactically to go away from non-deposit -- or non-relationship or less relationship-based and specifically on time deposits declining and things of that nature. So, I think that's just going to be the ebb and flow of things of just how we manage it going forward depending on loan growth, depending on our profile and depending on the relationship. So that's really what that comment was intended for.
Andy Cecere: And importantly, John, on our core consumer deposits, we are continuing to see growth there, as you mentioned, as we had in the slide.
John Stern: Yeah. We continue to expect core deposit growth in the consumer side, and that has been something we've been -- the team has been very focused on, and we feel we've had great success there.
Ken Usdin: Got it. And as a follow-up to the UB point, is everything from UB now fully baked, whether it's the cost actions and structure, and also that's kind of making sure you're buttoned up as a starting point, and have that base of loans and deposits gotten to a steady state as well?
John Stern: Yes.
Ken Usdin: Okay. So, we just move forward with everything and listen to the guide comments that you gave earlier. Okay. Got it. Thank you.
John Stern: Exactly. It's all in the core now, yeah.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Saul Martinez with HSBC. Your line is open.
Saul Martinez: Hey, good morning, guys. Maybe on the payment side, if you just add a little bit more detail about how you're feeling about your payment strategy, how you're doing and how much -- how big the upside opportunity is there? Obviously, you're growing nicely on the issuing side, the merchant acquiring side, sort of mid-single-digit growth in revenues and volumes. I think you said high-single digit next year. I mean, as you guys know, the banks have ceded a lot of share to software companies, integrated service providers. And just how do you feel it's going in terms of integrating your commercial banking in payments offering? And it does seem like you have a major advantage in terms of having relationships, both on the retail and commercial side. And then, obviously, you kind of have that two-sided network that a lot of the fintechs want. But obviously, banks have struggled in this area. So, just maybe if you could just give us sort of an overview of how you're doing and how you feel the opportunity set is evolving?
Andy Cecere: Yeah, Saul. So, first of all, the high-single digits on merchant processing is a function of the investments we've made and the initiatives we have underway. And I would highlight two things. Number one is our tech-led initiative, which is now up over 30% of our activities related to tech-led, so that is integrating our merchant processing capabilities into the software that people use to run their businesses. And number two is this whole integration of banking and payments that we talked about earlier. And the advantage I do believe that we have is that we are not just providing one single service. We're integrating banking services, deposit lending capabilities, treasury management, together with payments and money movement into one comprehensive offering that helps people again run their business, particularly small businesses and helps them ease into the process of payment activity in a comprehensive way together with the software they're using to run their company. So, those are the initiatives that we have underway. And that continues to be a huge focus, and one that I do think differentiates us a little bit because of the capabilities we have in payments. And that's true of merchant processing, corporate payments as well as retail issuing.
Saul Martinez: Okay. Got it. That's helpful. Maybe I'll just follow-up on deposits. You mentioned the migration, you expect the migration out of noninterest-bearing deposits to sort of run its course. Just when and where do you see that? I think noninterest-bearing was about 17.5% of total deposits. How much more room is there? And just on deposit cost, I think the cumulative beta, if my calculations right, is around 49%. How much more room is there for that to increase? Sort of what's embedded in your guidance for NII?
John Stern: Sure. So, in terms of the NIB, I think we've talked quite a bit about it. I would just -- I mean, we're at a certain percentage that you mentioned, and we're going to be around that area. Certainly could drift a little lower. But we are at a point where, from a core standpoint, particularly on the commercial and small business side, where you're starting to get into places, where companies have to run operating accounts. And over time, you're going to have account growth and things of that variety. So, I think they'll be conducive to supporting NIB going forward. But there will be some leftover churn, as I alluded to earlier in the call. In terms of beta, as you mentioned, 48.5% or so is our beta right now. I think it can creep up as we've kind of talked about, but it's going to depend on when the Fed cuts is going to be kind of that focus point in terms of how much it will go from here. And so, how -- what level is hard to predict, but there will be pressure until the Fed starts cutting.
Saul Martinez: Okay. Got it. Thanks.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Mr. Andersen, I turn the call back over to you.
George Andersen: Thanks, Sarah, and thank you for listening to our earnings call. Please contact the Investor Relations department if you have any follow-up questions.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. We thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-18 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the U.S. Bancorp Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Following review of the results, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately 9:00 a.m. Central Time. I will now turn the conference call over to George Andersen, Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
George Andersen: Thank you, Brad, and good morning, everyone. With me today are Andy Cecere, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Terry Dolan, Vice Chair and Chief Administration Officer; and John Stern, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During their initial prepared remarks, Andy and John will be referencing a slide presentation. A copy of the presentation, our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at usbank.com. Please note that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of today's presentation, our press release, our Form 10-K and in subsequent reports on file with the SEC. Following our prepared remarks, Andy, Terry and John will take any questions that you have. I will now turn the call over to Andy.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, George. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. I'll begin on Slide 3. In the third quarter, we reported earnings per share of $0.91, which included $0.14 per share of notable items related to merger and integration charges. Excluding those notable items, we delivered earnings per share of $1.05 for the quarter. Third quarter results were highlighted by linked quarter and year-over-year fee revenue growth that benefited from our acquisition of Union Bank, deepening client relationships and strong underlying business activity. We are achieving the cost synergies we anticipated from Union Bank and continue to prudently manage core expense as we identify operational efficiencies across the business. As of September 30, our Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio was 9.7%, an increase of 60 basis points this quarter. This is the same level that it was prior to our acquisition of Union Bank. Total average deposits increased 3% or $15 billion on a linked-quarter basis. Credit quality continues to normalize this quarter, in line with expectations, and we further strengthened the balance sheet by adding $95 million to our loan loss reserve, reflective of an evolving credit environment. On October 16, the Federal Reserve granted us full relief from certain Category II commitments made in connection with the Union Bank acquisition given our balance sheet reduction and capital actions. As a result, we are now subject to existing capital rules or, if adopted, the same transition rules as all other Category III banks related to enhanced capital requirements under the Basel III and game proposal. As proposed, this would include a three-year transition period for the expanded risk-based approach and AOCI regulatory capital adjustment starting in the third quarter of 2025. I will discuss the impacts of these decisions further in my closing remarks. Slide 4 provides income statement results as reported and on an adjusted basis, ending in balances and other key metrics. Slide 5 provides key performance metrics. Excluding notable volumes, our return on average assets was 1.04% and our return on tangible common equity was 21%. While net interest margin declined 9 basis points to 2.81% this quarter, in line with our expectations, we continue to expect the NIM to bottom in the fourth quarter as we reach the end of the current rate hiking cycle. Turning to Slide 6. A great benefit of our business model includes a balance between our spread and fee income businesses that helps us reduce earnings volatility through a business cycle. On a year-over-year basis, noninterest income grew approximately 12%. Within Payment Services, we continue to invest in our digital capabilities, expanding our payments ecosystem and optimizing our distribution. Emphasis on expanded partners and integrated capabilities will continue to support tech-led growth across merchant processing and increased opportunities across other areas of payment services businesses. Additionally, we are continuing to make investments that leverage our scale and strategic market positioning across our corporate trust, mortgage banking and capital markets businesses, which should enhance our already strong annualized growth trajectories. Slide 7 highlights a few of our many post-conversion revenue opportunities and expected energies with Union Bank. Early indications of the potential to deepen relationships with legacy Union Bank loyal, affluent and diversified client base are promising, and we continue to be on track to realize approximately $900 million in cost synergies, which we expect to be fully reflected in our run rate as we head into the year 2024. Let me now turn the call over to John, who will provide more details on the balance sheet and results for the quarter.
John Stern: Thanks, Andy. Turning to Slide 8, we ended the quarter with total average assets of $664 billion and total average loans of $377 million, down $9 billion and $12 billion, respectively, on a linked-quarter basis as we prudently managed and optimized our balance sheet given the current macroeconomic and regulatory environment. Average total deposits were $512 billion, representing a 3% increase linked quarter, driven by expected seasonality and growth in money market and time deposit accounts. Specifically, average noninterest-bearing deposits decreased $16.2 billion this quarter, primarily driven by our Union Bank retail customer upgrade at conversion from noninterest-bearing checking accounts to our interest-bearing Bank Smartly product. Excluding this reclassification, the decrease would have been $6.2 billion. Our mix of noninterest-bearing to interest-bearing deposits was approximately 19%, consistent with where we expect the mix shift to stabilize based on historical performance and the operational nature of our core deposit base. Slide 9 provides an update on the investment securities portfolio. As of September 30, our available for sale securities were 97% of our total securities. We continue to reduce the effective duration of the AFS portfolio, which is now less than 3.5 years. On Slide 10, we provide a detailed earnings summary for the quarter. This quarter, we reported diluted earnings per share of $0.91 or $1.05 per share after adjusting for merger and integration charges of $213 million net of tax or $0.14 per diluted common share. Turning to Slide 11. Net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis totaled approximately $4.3 billion, which represented a 4.1% decrease on a linked-quarter basis and a 10.7% increase from a year ago due to the impact of rising rates and the acquisition of Union Bank. Our net interest margin declined 9 basis points to 2.81% in the third quarter. The linked quarter decline was primarily due to the impact of lower earning assets, deposit pricing and mix shift, offset somewhat by better loan spreads and funding mix. Slide 12 highlights trends in noninterest income. Fee income increased 11.9% or $295 million on a year-over-year basis, driven by higher payment service revenue, trust and investment management fees, virtual products and mortgage banking revenues. On a linked-quarter basis, fee income increased 1.4% or $38 million, driven by other revenues, which included servicing revenue from previously executed balance sheet optimization actions. Turning to Slide 13. Reported noninterest expense for the quarter totaled $4.5 billion, which included $284 million of merger and integration-related charges. Noninterest expense, as adjusted, decreased $13 million or 0.3% on a linked-quarter basis driven by lower compensation expense that was somewhat offset by our investments in marketing and business development. Slide 14 shows our credit quality performance this quarter. While asset quality metrics reflecting changing conditions in the commercial real estate office segment, results this quarter continue to trend in line with our expectations, and key metrics remain below pre-pandemic levels. Importantly, given the higher interest rate environment as well as other portfolio considerations, we increased our reserve ratio for commercial real estate office loans to 10%. Our ratio of nonperforming assets to loans and other real estate was 0.35% at September 30 compared with 0.29% at June 30 and 0.20% a year ago. Our third quarter net charge-off ratio of 0.44% increased 9 basis points from a second quarter level of 0.35% as adjusted, and was higher when compared to a third quarter 2022 level of 0.19%. Our allowance credit losses as of September 30 totaled $7.8 billion or 2.08% of period-end loans. Turning to Slide 15. We continue to take action to improve our capital ratios this quarter, increasing our CET1 ratio to 9.7% as of September 30. The combination of our debt-to-equity conversion with MUFG, earnings accretion net of distributions and balance sheet optimization actions resulted in a 60 basis point increase from last quarter. Importantly, our CET1 capital ratio is now 270 basis points above our regulatory capital minimum. I will now provide fourth quarter forward-looking guidance on Slide 16. In the fourth quarter, we expect net interest income of between $4.1 billion and $4.2 billion. Total revenue, as adjusted, is estimated to be in the range of $6.8 billion to $6.9 billion, including approximately $65 million of purchase accounting accretion. Total noninterest expense, as adjusted, is expected to be approximately $4.2 billion, inclusive of approximately $115 million of core deposit intangible amortization related to Union Bank acquisition. On a core basis, we expect full year 2024 expenses to be flat with 2023. Our income tax rate is expected to be approximately 23% on a taxable equivalent basis. We expect merger and integration charges of between $250 million to $300 million in the fourth quarter. I'll now hand it back to Andy for closing remarks.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, John. Turning to Slide 17. The Federal Reserve notified us on October 16 that they have granted us full relief from Category II commitments made in conjunction with the Union Bank acquisition after considering several factors, including actions to reduce our risk profile, strengthen our capital position and provisions related to Category III rules made after we received approval on the Union Bank acquisition. This important decision now subjects us to the same enhanced capital requirements as all other Category III banks, including a three-year phase-in of AOCI into regulatory capital starting in the third quarter of 2025. As expected, we will continue to carefully balance the need to accrete capital with any potential impact to earnings from further balance sheet optimization activities. Measures to manage the interest rate sensitivity and duration of our available-for-sale securities will continue. Since before our acquisition of Union Bank, our priority has been and will continue to be the strategic execution of capital-efficient growth opportunities across each of our business lines. As a result of the Fed's decision, we are now well positioned with our enhanced earnings profile and diversified business mix to increase our capital levels, continue our disciplined lending activities and further strengthen our balance sheet. Let me close by thanking our more than 75,000 employees for their dedication to supporting the needs of our clients, communities and shareholders. We'll now open up the call to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go to Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ebrahim Poonawala: I guess maybe the first question, just around the Fed decision. In its letter, the Fed said, I guess the bank anticipates taking further actions to reduce risk profile and reduce assets and increase capital. So if you don't mind talking about just what additional actions we should expect. I think you mentioned that the EPS impact could be neutral from here. But just how should we think about what else the Fed expects from you on the risk mitigation side as we move forward into next year?
John Stern: Sure. Thanks, Ebrahim. So -- this is John. As a way of background, the Fed granted us as we -- as you mentioned, full relief from our Category II commitments, and that's because of the action, Andy mentioned this, of our actions to reduce risk as well as our ability to strengthen our capital position. So importantly, this is going to provide us additional time and flexibility to meet those new regulatory requirements and do so in the same timeframe as our Category III peers. And additionally, we think it's going to reduce the downside given the challenging rate environment. But nothing really changes in terms of how we're fundamentally managing the balance sheet going forward. We're still committed to building regulatory capital. We're still expecting to increase and accrete capital at a 20 to 25 basis points on average per quarter. And our expectation is to accelerate that as we get through the merger-related costs or be in the high end of that range, I should say, as we get through the merger-related costs and start to realize the full Union Bank synergies. And we're still going to be executing risk-weighted asset optimization transactions. But now we have the time and flexibility to do that over in a way that is low to neutral in terms of our earnings impact. And so for all those reasons, we feel like we have the flexibility in our balance sheet to do those sorts of things.
Andy Cecere: I think that's exact, John. And the only thing I'd add is that part of the decision is reflective of what we've already done for the last 12 months in terms of reducing the risk profile, building capital, optimizing the balance sheet. And I want to be clear, Ebrahim, we are not under an asset cap at all. We are maintaining flexibility and managing the balance sheet and capital, and we'll continue to remain focused on capital-efficient growth. And that includes focusing the high-margin, high-return businesses that exceed our cost of capital, while deepening relationships from our most profitable clients. And that has been and will continue to be our focus.
Ebrahim Poonawala: That's good color. And just another question, John, I think I heard you correctly -- if I heard you correctly, you mentioned you expect the NIM to draw off, and I'm assuming NIM equals the trough in the fourth quarter. Maybe just that assumption in terms of does a steeper yield curve or widening in just the curve. So is -- that assumption around troughing of NII or NIM? And what gives you confidence around mix change consumer behavior to feel good about that?
John Stern: Yes. So I think in terms of the guidance we provided, we have embedded in there our rate forecast, which includes a rate increase in December. Whether or not that happens or not is relatively immaterial since we're fairly neutral from an interest rate risk positioning standpoint. I guess what I would say is as the Fed is -- whether they're done or not in terms of the rate hiking, we start to see a lot of things on the deposit side slowdown, so our noninterest-bearing balances will be relatively stable here at this level. The deposit betas will -- rate paid will start to slow down. And then on the other side, your assets will start to reprice, whether that's the securities book, the loan book and all those sort of things. So that's what gives us the confidence really that we will bottom out here in the fourth quarter from a NIM and net interest income perspective.
Operator: Next, we go with John McDonald with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
John cDonald: John, can I just follow up on what you're just talking about. What are you looking at in terms of the NIM for the fourth quarter roughly? And did I hear correctly, you think the deposit mix kind of settles out around 19%, 20%, where you are here in beta kind of in the mid-40s, you still have those expectations?
John Stern: Yes. Maybe just to go to the last couple of questions you mentioned. So from a noninterest bearing, yes, we do expect that mix, we're at about 19%. That's about where we will be -- we expect that to be in that range. And from a beta perspective, we are in the mid-40s right now. It's possible it could creep up higher depending on where the Fed goes from here, but we feel good about that. And then in terms of the net interest margin and things like that, we do anticipate a little bit more pressure here in the fourth quarter, but then that really is the point where we feel that it'll bottom out based on my comments I just made a previous question?
Andy Cecere: And that's reflected in our revenue and net interest income guidance.
John Stern: Yes.
John cDonald: Okay. And then recognizing with the Fed decision, you've obviously got a lot more time to phase in the AOCI now. John, can you just give us a little more color on what happened in terms of the trend in AOCI this quarter? What are the pieces there? How do the swaps affect your burn-down time line? And just also if you could add on, what do you -- how do you calculate the capital with AOCI today? It looks like maybe around 7%, something like that.
John Stern: Yes. So I think all in, it's about -- AOCI is about 250 basis points of impact. So I would say 7.2% is roughly kind of where I would think about it. In terms of the change in the AFS, obviously, rates backed up on the long end of the curve, 75 to 90 basis points, depending on treasuries or mortgages that you're looking at. And that had an impact of about $1.4 billion in our -- on an after-tax basis on our AFS securities book, which we would have expected and is consistent with the duration of our book, which we have continued to wind down, as I mentioned in our comments about -- less than 3.5 years is our current duration. So that's the effect of that. We are continuing to see -- we will continue to see pay downs in that book, whether it's the HTM or AFS. We have about approximately $3 billion or so per quarter that rolls off that book, and we'll reinvest in the AFS side of things over time.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Mike Mayo: Just to be clear, how much of the $900 million merger savings were recognized in the third quarter results?
John Stern: Well, in terms of -- we will get to a full run rate of $900 million, it's probably $100 million or so is kind of the -- in that range is probably what we were seeing. But it's been growing in terms of the amount, and we'll see that full benefit fall through in the fourth quarter.
Mike Mayo: So relative to the third quarter, the first quarter of 2025 could see $800 million of additional expense savings?
John Stern: No, because we've been -- the savings have been generated all throughout the course of the year, and they have -- they accelerate third quarter into fourth quarter, and second quarter, third quarter and the fourth quarter.
Mike Mayo: So what's the cumulative merger savings? I guess how much more expense savings should there be when they're fully realized in the first quarter relative to the third quarter?
John Stern: When we have the savings, we'll have approximately $400-or-so million that has gone through this full year, and then we'll expect to see that in the next coming year. But that's embedded into our full year guidance of flat expenses between 2023 and 2024.
Andy Cecere: So Mike, the way I think about it, this is Andy, by the end of the fourth quarter, we will be on a run rate recognizing $900 million of savings, which will be fully reflected in 2024 in our expense base. And that is consistent with how we think about a relatively flat 23% to 24% expense base, including those savings plus investments we'll continue to make in the business.
Mike Mayo: And then the big question then is, so if you have flat 2024 expenses, do you think you can get to positive operating leverage? Or is it too early or too many moving parts? Because this is the sweet spot of the merger savings coming up, right, by the next quarter.
Andy Cecere: It is a sweet spot, Mike, you're absolutely right. And the savings are great. The opportunities to deepen relationships on the Union Bank customer base, I mentioned that in my comments, I think that is terrific. Our fee businesses are doing extremely well. On a year-over-year basis, it was up 12% across almost every category. And frankly, very little of that was related to Union Bank. That was just core improvement across a number of categories, capital markets, our corporate and trust, our fee businesses, our payments businesses. The challenge for us and for the entire industry is net interest income and margin. And in this environment, that's the one that I -- there's a lot of moving pieces, as you say. Loan growth is relatively tepid as we speak for us and for the industry overall. So it will be dependent upon that in terms of positive operating leverage, and I would say it's too early to call.
Mike Mayo: Okay. And last follow-up, your increase in CET1 ratio due to a lot of balance sheet optimization did come at a cost of less assets, less loan growth, less earnings, right? There's a trade-off in that. So now that you're under kind of less pressure and have so much more flexibility, do you think you can be a little bit more lax in terms of your growth and in turn, that may help NII? Or is that too much of a stretch?
John Stern: Yes. We have flexibility now in terms of the transactions that we do to optimize. And we still have plans to do those sorts of things. We've identified some things that are going to be relatively neutral and a little bit on the low end of earnings impact. And of course, you saw some of those transactions in the second quarter flow through in terms of provision and things like that. And that did lower our earning assets, as you mentioned, about $8 billion or thereabouts this quarter.
Operator: And next, we'll go to John Pancari with Evercore. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: I know despite the regulatory change around the Cat II requirement, you maintain the 20 to 25 bps generation in CET1 quarterly. Why no change there? Can you just talk to us maybe about the give and takes in that expectation as the need to meet the Category II shifted to Category III, why no change there?
John Stern: Well, I think there's no change because we feel like given the new rule set and things like that, over time, we'll have to transition into the new regime, which will include AOCI and so all the other rules. And so, we're going to be in a mode to continue to accrete that capital and 20 to 25 basis points is our earnings stream that we will accrete. And like this quarter, for example, it was 20 basis points, but we anticipate going to 25 on the higher end of that range as we get through the merger-related costs and we have the Union synergies.
John Pancari: Okay. So the less BSO activities didn't materially benefit that expectation?
John Stern: I'm sorry. Can you say that? I couldn't hear you.
John Pancari: The less risk-weighted asset optimization that would be needed now under the -- need to meet Category III did not materially impact the 20 to 25 basis points of earnings generation expected?
John Stern: No, that did not. No, that did not. Like for example, this quarter, we had 20 basis points of RWA actions, which included some of the asset reduction you saw our earning assets lower, for example, as well as some other transactions embedded. So, we separate out core earnings -- when we were talking about 20 to 25 basis points, core earnings from other RWA optimization transactions that we have the ability to do.
John Pancari: Okay. And then separately, is there any OpEx impact of the -- of now needing to conform to the Category III versus the more immediate requirements of Category II? Anything on the expense side, and then separately, on the -- on your margin bottoming comment, anything in terms of the trajectory in the margin that you would expect after you see this bottoming as we head into 2024?
John Stern: Yes. So in terms of OpEx, no, there's no further investment. You may recall before tailoring, we had many of the same rules and standards that we had in terms of liquidity rules and reporting and all those sorts of things. So, we have all the capabilities built up or can quickly get to that level from an operational standpoint. So, there's no worries there. In terms of the net interest margin, we mentioned just a little bit of pressure in the fourth quarter and then bottoming out, likely stable. But still dependent on interest rates, quite frankly, at that particular time.
Operator: And next, well go over to John McDonald with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead. Oh, one moment here. We'll go to Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Scott Siefers: Just as it relates to sort of the balance sheet growth dynamic. So great to see you out of the Fed restriction. Do you see any risk that you'd exceed $700 billion in assets organically, or come into contact with any of the other Cat II restrictions organically in a timeframe that would inject you to Cat II rules before your peers would have to get there under new levels? In other words, I'm just trying to kind of make sure that this is indeed just a full free -- so just curious of your thoughts there.
John Stern: It is. As Andy mentioned, there's asset cap so that we have complete flexibility here on our balance sheet going forward. So if we elect to grow or want to grow, and we do want to grow in a capital-efficient manner, we will do so. What I would say, though, is that we're going to be emphasizing higher return loans and deemphasizing lower return type of assets. And I think that will manifest itself as the balance sheet churns. And in addition to that, I would just highlight that in this environment right now, the loan outlook is pretty is pretty low. The demand for loans is quite low, given a number of different reasons out there. But that gives us kind of the confidence that we have a lot -- have more time and flexibility here.
Scott Siefers: Yes. Perfect. Okay. And then I think you might have touched on this in an earlier question, but maybe if you can sort of re-walk us through the sort of AOCI burn-down and cash flow expectations coming off the -- both the AFS and HTM books. And then, I think you might have given the duration of the AFS book, but do you have that for the HTM book as well?
John Stern: Sure. So in terms of the AFS and HTM, we're at about -- in terms of balances, about $162 billion or so, and it's about a 50-50 mix as we mentioned on the call, in terms of AFS and HTM. So, we have about, as I mentioned, $3 billion of runoff per quarter on average just given the current interest rate environment and things of that variety. In terms of our profile, we've been able to hedge about 30% of the fixed rate portion of the AFS book. And so that's what has driven the duration of that particular book in the 3.5 -- less than 3.5 years as we have. That HTM book is principally all agency mortgage-backed securities, which have longer lives. And so, it's more in the six or so range in terms of the duration of that book.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Erika Najarian with UBS. Please go ahead.
Erika Najarian: Andy, my first question is for you. Specifically yesterday's announcement is a big win for the Company. And as we think about combining that relief with a generally tighter regulatory environment, what CET1 are you looking at -- and what level are you looking at in terms of, okay, now I'm at the right level, this is now my target in the new world. And now in an environment where balance sheet growth is minimal at best, right, I can now return capital back to shareholders through buybacks. I guess I'm just wondering because there's printed -- your GAAP CET1, there's the adjusted that John gave, right? But then you only have to take into account 25% of that 250 by July 1, 2025, if we get to a final date by then. So, there's a lot of moving pieces. So as your investors think about all the parts that you've made plus this relief, what is your new target? Is that transitional or fully phased in? And what's the bogey that investors could look forward to that you would hit before returning capital through buybacks?
Andy Cecere: Yes, Erika, understand the question. And first of all, I just want to highlight, we're back to 9 7, which is where we started before the deal and we're able to build. We went from 9 7 to 8 4 and build 130 basis points in basically less than a year, which I thought was a great effort across the Company. In terms of what our new target is, short-term target is to continue to build, as we talked about. Remember, there's two sets of rules that are yet to be finalized and coming down. Number one, are the Basel III end game finalization of rules, which will, in one shape -- one way shape or form increased capital levels. And the second is clarity on CCAR. We'll set those targets once we have clarity on those two items.
Erika Najarian: And so just to follow up here. At least until June 2024 CCAR results, regardless of how quickly you build the capital, either on an adjusted or on a GAAP basis, you're going to continue to be at pause on the buyback until at least the until we see the CCAR and the SEB?
Andy Cecere: That's my expectation, Erika. We want clarity on the finalization of the Basel III and the CCAR importantly. So, we'll be continuing to build capital and determine our capital targets and buffers and all that activity once we have more clear clarity in the finalization of the rules.
Erika Najarian: Got it. That's very clear. And just one more for John, if I may. In terms of the net interest income trajectory, I think the fourth quarter is good news, especially relative to what we thought two days ago, which would be more RWA mitigation. As we think about the RWA mitigation ahead that's less impactful to EPS, should we think about it similar to what we saw early in the year in terms of securitization? Are you more actively -- are you going to continue to use credit linked notes, which I assume has cost you 12.5% or so of the pool, plus SOFR and the spread. And as we think about those dynamics, do you feel like you have to warehouse more liquidity as we anticipate LCR rules for regional banks? Because we're also hearing that there could be pretty significant haircuts on how they're thinking about HTM as HQLA.
John Stern: Sure. Erika, so maybe I'll start with your point. On LCR, we will -- in addition to what Andy said on the capital side, we're going to have to wait and see what it is on the liquidity side in terms of any potential changes that come out of LCR. We feel very comfortable that we'll be able to achieve whatever that change is and feel that we'll be able to achieve that whatever that scenario is we'll work into it. In terms of -- you talked about the net interest income. We feel like it's -- again, just to kind of reiterate, we are looking for that to bottom at this particular point in time in the fourth quarter. And where it kind of goes from there post -- will depend in part of interest rates.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And congratulations on the release of commitments.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Erika.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Andy, obviously, U.S. Bancorp has developed a reputation of being a strong underwriter and we talked about this in the past with you folks. And I was wondering if you could frame out the environment because every bank is talking about credit normalization as you guys did because we had such great numbers coming out of the pandemic on credit. And if you just exclude for a moment the economy because obviously, none of us can control that, but I'd really be interested in what you guys are seeing from a competitive standpoint in terms of underwriting. And if you could compare it to past cycles, obviously, we've been around for a few cycles and can't compare. But I'm curious, from your guy's vantage point, is it as risky today as it may have been in '05, '06 or '99, 2000. Any color there that you can share with us?
Andy Cecere: Let me give you the big picture, and I'm going to ask Terry to highlight some specifics. I would say the consumer is entering this cycle in very strong shape from a balance standpoint, from the perspective of savings accounts that they have, the spend activity, I think they're all starting to normalize, but normalized to a pre-pandemic what I'd say, normal level. The companies and small businesses are also in very good shape. The one area that we're all very focused on is commercial real estate office, which is one of the areas that we increased our reserve to. As you know, it's at 10% in this quarter. So maybe, Terry, you can give some specifics.
Terry Dolan: Yes. And what I would add to that, Gerard, as you know, when we think about underwriting, we really underwrite through a cycle. We try to take into consideration in the stress from an underwriting perspective, what could happen in terms of rising interest rates or other economic factors that could come into play. So, we haven't adjusted our underwriting standards a lot. We have been thinking about this particular cycle. I do think that when you end up looking at the industry, I think there is some tightening that's going out there. Certainly, from a competitive standpoint, we are seeing that to some extent. But we feel like we're in pretty good shape. If you end up looking at our situation, as Andy said, probably the area that we're monitoring the most is commercial real estate office space specifically. We have a reserve that's about 10% of the overall balance there. We have been increasing that, and we're likely to continue to increase that because that's going to be a pressure point. But we're starting from -- if you think about the overall portfolio, we're starting at fairly low points. Our non-accrual loans is only 35 basis points of total loans. Our allowance is strong at 208. Delinquencies are still at relatively low levels although increasing. And our expectation as we go into 2024 is that that normalization will continue. Delinquencies will continue to kind of move up and nonperforming assets will continue to move up. But I think we're in a really good position in terms of the allowance coverage that we have, and we feel pretty good about that.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. Good to hear your voice, Terry. Just to follow up on what you were saying from a competitive standpoint, do you sense -- the extreme, of course, was '05, '06 when all of the crazy lending is being done by some banks, but also the nonbanks. When you guys look at the nonbank competitors, are there rogue players out there that are just doing crazy things so that the second derivative impacts the banks, not because any of the banks, yourself included, made a poor underwriting decision, but it was the competitors that really did something foolish and now the banks are suffering a bit? Or again, not like '06, I'm not suggesting we're there, but just from a comparison standpoint.
Terry Dolan: I think both in the bank and in the nonbank space, I think that people are being fairly rational. Part of the issue is that it's maybe more so on the demand side of the equation as much as anything. I think corporate America is being relatively cautious out there. They're still waiting to see where interest rates settle in at. And until they see more certainty with respect to what the interest rate inflationary environment looks like. I think corporate America has been relatively cautious. And therefore, demand is relatively soft. But we're not seeing, what I would say crazy things either on the bank or on the nonbank side at this particular point in time. In fact, we're probably seeing -- if you end up looking at commercial real estate, probably a pullback across the board.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. And then as my second follow-up question, Andy, it was obviously great news that you guys had yesterday about the release. Is there any read-through? Obviously, you sat down with the regulators to get that release and they seem to be fairly rational in their decision to make that change. There's been a lot of hope and criticism that the Basel III end game proposals are pretty darn strict. Do you think -- is there any read-through where we may actually see some rationality with the regulators and they may compare back some of those requirements? Or is that too far of a stretch?
Andy Cecere: I think the regulators have asked for feedback. The banks will provide feedback, both collectively and individually. I think a lot of the feedback is good feedback because of the consequences to our customers. And I think that's the area of focus that we're going to be very pointed on in terms of our feedback. And we want to make sure that from a banking standpoint, we're able to serve our customers and the rule set will create some friction around that in certain categories, and that's where we're going to focus. And my anticipation is that the Fed will listen to our perspectives. And then that's my hope.
Gerard Cassidy: I think -- go ahead. I'm sorry.
Terry Dolan: I was just going to say in -- particularly it can be punitive with respect to low moderate income customer base. You see some capital rules related to renewable energy tax credits that don't make -- that seem punitive at this point in time. So, I do think there's a number of different areas where there's opportunity for adjustment.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Vivek Juneja with JPMorgan.
Vivek Juneja: Shifting gears from capital, given that you made a lot of progress to just your normal business. Payments, you've talked, Andy, about wanting to grow merchant processing high -- mid- to high single digits, really more in the high single digits, and some of the others in the low double digits, like corporate payments. Any color on -- any thoughts on how you get back up there because that hasn't been the case the last couple of quarters, what you need to do or change or what would help you get that?
Andy Cecere: I'm going to ask John to start then I'll add in.
John Stern: Sure. So in terms of merchant processing, we have been making a number of investments over the years and continue to expect that high single digit in terms of that sort of thing. The numbers are have been have been strong this quarter, but there's normalization that has been happening. And so in the quarter -- the quarter-to-quarter here, the last several quarters, there's been a lot of the nuances coming out of the COVID and all those sorts of things. So, if you think about airline tickets and hotels and corporate T&E, those have been very strong, but they are normalizing. That said, services and retail have been strong. And so -- and the retail print that we saw yesterday was very constructive. So we feel like there's good underpinnings there in addition to the investments that we make to continue to believe and give confidence in that -- in our projections there.
Andy Cecere: And I think two of those important investments, Vivek, our tech-led initiative, which is about 1/3 of our revenue base right now is tech lead from a perspective of new activity. And secondly is that what we've talked a lot about, which is this business payments ecosystem, which continues to be a top priority for the Company, because I think it's a huge opportunity for our business banking customer base as well as our commercial customer base. And then you add in what we're getting from Union Bank, I think that's why we're confident in that higher single-digit increase.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. And then another key business that you mentioned, you're expanding capital markets since you're not doing your investors anymore. Any color on what you're doing there to expand that? You've always had the loan syndications and debt capital market. What else are you doing to step that up in terms of the level of revenues from that?
John Stern: Sure. This is John. So, the -- we -- this is another area where we have continued to make investments in back-end systems and the frontline, and acquiring talent and all these sorts of things, and it's been a great story for us, and we continue to invest in this going forward. And along with high-grade and underwriting, there's high yield as well as what other areas that have been very strong is in the derivative market, providing interest rate. Hedging products for our clients, especially in this time where interest rates are moving around quite a bit as a service that has been highly needed. Foreign exchange has been a growing component here as well. And particularly now with Union Bank, we have more of a West Coast customer base and more foreign exchange need. In addition to some of the businesses that we work with in the Corporate Trust side, we have -- as you know, we have businesses in Europe as well. So there's always some form of foreign exchange, and so we've seen a lot of growth there. In addition to that, we've been gaining market share in the investment-grade business and high yield. Over the coming days, I think we've had an investment grade in the top 10 now in terms of market share. So that has been a business that has continued to advance slow and steady, and it's been a good item for us business for us.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And next, we'll go to Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Matt OConnor: I was wondering -- Slide 7 that shows some of the revenue opportunities. I was wondering if you could size that. The UB deal, the revenue synergies related to the UB deal that you outlined on Slide 7, is there any way to frame how big that might be or what timeframe?
Andy Cecere: It is a high priority for each of our businesses. Probably the greatest priority is that first one we highlight, which is our credit card opportunity. The payments business is a strength of U.S. Bank. Our card offering is terrific, and we've already had a penetration increase from where we started, and that continues to be a focus. And then you think about that with the business clients as well. I think it is a material impact. But we're still working through exactly the sizing and timing, and we'll continue to update on that. But it is a priority and a focus area for each of our businesses.
Matt OConnor: Okay. And then separately, a little bit of a technical question, I forgot some of CFA materials. But when we look at the securities book of a duration of less than 3.5 years, but you're only burning down 25% through '25. Remind me how that math works? And does the burn-down kind of step up as we think about '26, right? Because the duration is pretty short and the burn-down is not all that much in the first couple of years.
John Stern: Yes. The function of the curve really changed as the -- we saw the curve flatten out quite a bit this quarter. What I'd say on that is we have a number of securities that obviously are fixed rate that have longer durations to them or longer average lives. And so -- and then we have a number of -- with our -- the security portion of swaps, that has very, very low duration. It's three months or so because of how it's swapped the floating rate index. So in addition to that, we've -- as we've added on, some of the security book, we have about $8 billion or so of -- when we did some of the auto repack transaction in the fourth quarter of last year as well as the second quarter of this year. That is very short as well in addition to some of the floating rate securities within that book. So, that -- it's kind of more of a barbell approach, which gives you the duration of it, which just gives us a value change for a move in interest rates. But in terms of the burn-down, that will depend in part about how the shape and the type of securities that are within the book.
Matt OConnor: Okay. That's helpful. Obviously, less relevant now given the Fed's decision, but still something we're all tracking.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Matt.
John Stern: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: And next, we can go to Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin: So just one more follow-up on the Category II news, I just want to make sure we're super clear. So this $700 billion stop being a bind forever? Or obviously, you don't have to cross on the prior potential timeframe. But to the prior question, just wondering, you said there's -- you don't have an asset cap. So does that mean that Category II is now a non-thing for U.S. Bank going forward in any time period? Or when you cross naturally, do you still get on the natural clock of having to comply? Just wondering how that fits in with the news you got yesterday.
Andy Cecere: So, we're bound, Ken, by the current rule set, which is after four quarters of an average of $700 billion then you would go to Category II, or the new Basel III rule set, which is yet to be finalized, as you said. But the current rule set is what we're bound on. So $700 million still is important, but what we're seeing is given where we think asset growth will be, given our continued optimization in certain categories, given our focus on high-return businesses, we do not see that as a hurdle to growth.
Ken Usdin: Understood. Okay. That's what I wanted to clarify.
Andy Cecere: You bet.
Operator: And with no further questions, I'll hand the call back over to George Andersen.
George Andersen: Thanks Brad. Thank you, everyone, for listening to our earnings call. Please contact the Investor Relations department, if you have any follow-up questions.
Operator: This does conclude the conference for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-19 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the U.S. Bancorp second quarter 2023 earnings conference call. (Operator instructions). This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately 11:00 a.m. Central Time.  I will now turn the conference call over to George Anderson, Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
George Anderson: Thank you, Brad, and good morning, everyone. With me today are Andy Cecere, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Terry Dolan, our Vice Chair and Chief Financial Officer; and John Stern, Senior Executive Vice President and Head of Finance. During initial prepared remarks, Andy and Terry will be referencing a slide presentation. A copy of the presentation, our earnings release, and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at usbank.com. Please note that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risk and uncertainties. Factors that can materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of today's presentation, our press release, our Form 10-K, and in subsequent reports on file with the SEC. Following our prepared remarks, Andy, Terry, and John will take any questions that you have.  I will now turn the call over to Andy.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, George. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. I'll begin on Slide 3. The second quarter was highlighted by our successful conversion of Union Bank and a meaningful increase in our common equity tier one ratio to 9.1%, 60 basis points higher than the first quarter, driven by earnings accretion and balance sheet optimization actions. Earnings per share totaled $0.84 in the second quarter, including $0.28 per share of notable items. Excluding the impact of notable items, earnings per share was $1.12.  Slide 4 provides reported and adjusted income statement results and other key metrics. Our second quarter results were supported by new customer account growth and deepening of relationships across our business lines, as well as continued disciplined expense management. Net interest income was lower compared with the first quarter, primarily due to pressures on deposit pricing. However, momentum and fee income businesses continue strong. One of the strengths of our business model is our diverse and stable funding that includes a mix of both consumer and operational wholesale deposits. This quarter, while our average deposit balances decreased by 2.6% linked-quarter, period end deposits were higher by 3.2% or approximately $522 billion, largely reflective of seasonal operational deposit flows in areas such as our corporate banking and trust businesses. Credit quality metrics remained strong versus pre-pandemic levels, but are normalizing as expected. This quarter, we strengthened our balance sheet by increasing the loan loss reserve, reflective of our prudent approach to credit risk management.  Slide 5 provides key performance metrics. Excluding notable items, our return on average assets was about 1.07%, and our return on tangible common equity was 22.3%. Slide 6 provides a summary of our recently completed conversion of Union Bank. Following our main systems conversion on Memorial Day weekend, all credit cards, trust and investment accounts, were transitioned to our platform in June. Early indications are encouraging, and I'm even more confident today of the strategic and financial merits of this deal. We continue to expect meaningful revenue opportunities, and our cost synergy targets remain intact. One highlight is the Union Bank customers are adopting our digital capabilities more quickly than expected. As of June 30, just one month following conversion, we've had over a half a million enrollments in our digital product offerings, and this number continues to grow. Our teams are working diligently to leverage the value of overlaying all of our products and services to Union Bank customers as we continue to provide - and we'll continue to provide updates on our progress.  Ill now turn the call over to Terry, wholl provide more detail on the quarter.
Terry Dolan: Thanks, Andy. Turning to Slide 7, our balanced mix of consumer, corporate and commercial deposits continues to be a key source of strength for the bank. As Andy highlighted, while average total deposits declined 2.6% or $13.1 billion on a linked-quarter basis, we ended the period with $522 billion of deposits, representing a 3.2% increase in ending balances on a linked-quarter. This quarter, our end of period percent of non-interest bearing deposits declined to approximately 20% from 25% in the first quarter, due to both industry dynamics and a change we made to Union Bank retail accounts at conversion. Specifically, about half of the decline was related to an increase in deposit volumes and mix shift, while the other half was primarily driven by a customer-friendly product conversion decision by us. To create a more positive customer experience, we upgraded Union Bank customers to our interest-bearing Bank Smartly checking product, which offers a better checking solution, as well as other benefits. This change will provide customer retention benefits without a material impact on our net interest margin. Given current interest rate volatility and the significant competition for deposits across the industry, we now expect our cumulative deposit beta to be in the mid 40% range by the end of this rate cycle, slightly higher than our previous expectation, but consistent with the deposit pricing dynamics in the industry.  On Slide 8, average total loans this quarter were $389 billion, which was flat on a linked-quarter basis, and up 19.9% year-over-year. Commercial real estate loans represent approximately 14% of our total average loan portfolio, with commercial real estate office exposure representing only 2% of total loans, and 1% of total commitments. Our office exposure is well balanced amongst suburban, specialty, and central business districts, and had a weighted average loan-to-value ratio of approximately 55% at initial underwriting. Given current macro factors, as well as other portfolio considerations, we increased the reserve ratio for commercial real estate office loans to 8.5%.  Turning to Slide 9, we reported diluted earnings per share of $0.84 for the quarter, or $1.12 per share after adjusting for notable items in the amount of $575 million or $0.28 per diluted common share. Notable items this quarter included $310 million of merger and integration-related charges associated with the acquisition of Union Bank, as well as $265 million related to balance sheet optimization and capital management actions, largely driven by a provision charge of $243 million related to the securitization of approximately $4.4 billion of indirect auto loans, as well as an additional $4.2 billion sale of Union Bank mortgage loans. These moves enable us to more effectively position the balance sheet for profitable growth and optimize returns. Slide 10 provides a more detailed earnings summary for the quarter.  Turning to Slide 11, net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis totaled approximately $4.4 billion, which represented a 4.7% decrease on a linked-quarter basis, and a 28.4% increase from a year ago due to the impact of rising rates in the acquisition of Union Bank. Our net interest margin declined from 3.10% in the first quarter to 2.9% in the second quarter, which is somewhat lower than expected. The linked-quarter decline was primarily due to the impact of maintaining higher cash levels given the debt ceiling concerns and deposit pricing pressures, partially offset by higher rates on earning assets.  Slide 12 highlights trends in non-interest income. Non-interest income increased 8.7% or $219 million on a linked-quarter basis, driven by higher payment services revenue, trust and investment management fees, and commercial product revenues. Within payment services, revenue increased $112 million on a linked-quarter basis, reflecting credit card revenue growth of $62 million or 17.2%, driven by higher margins and sales volume, and an increase in merchant processing revenue of $49 million or 12.7%, driven by pricing. Also noteworthy were increases in trust and investment management fees of $31 million or 5.3%, driven by core business growth and commercial product revenue of $24 million or 7.2%, driven by strong debt capital markets activity in the quarter. Compared with a year ago, non-interest income for the company increased $178 million or 7.0%, largely driven by higher core fee income.  Turning to Slide 13, reported non-interest expense for the company totaled $4.6 billion in the second quarter, which included $310 million of merger and integration-related charges. Non-Interest expense, as adjusted, decreased $52 million, or 1.2% on a linked-quarter basis. Slide 14 shows credit quality trends, which continue to be strong from a historical perspective, but are normalizing as expected. The ratio of non-performing assets to loans and other real estate was 0.29% at June 30, compared to 0.3% at March 31, and 0.23% a year ago. Our second quarter net charge-off ratio of 0.35%, as adjusted, increased five basis points from a first quarter level of 0.3%, as adjusted, and was higher when compared to the second quarter 2022 level 0.2%. Our allowance for credit losses as of June 30, totaled $7.7 billion or 2.03% of period end loans.  Turning to Slide 15, we accelerated our capital actions and ended the quarter with a CET1 capital ratio of 9.1%. The 60 basis points linked-quarter increase in the CET1 ratio, reflected 20 basis points of earnings accretion net of distributions, and an additional 40 basis points attributable to risk-weighted asset and other balance sheet optimization initiatives, with low to neutral earnings impact. During the quarter, we received the results of the Federal Reserves 2023 stress test, and we expect to be subject to the minimum stress capital buffer requirement of 2.5%, which is unchanged from last year. Despite this year's more stressful economic scenario and an additional $1.4 billion of merger-related charges, with limited recognition of cost synergies related to Union Bank.  I will provide third quarter and updated full year 2023 forward-looking guidance on Slide 16. Starting with third quarter 2023 guidance, we expect net interest income of between $4.2 billion and $4.4 billion in the third quarter. Total revenue as adjusted is estimated to be in the range of $6.9 billion to $7.1 billion, including approximately $75 million of purchase accounting accretion. Total non-interest expense as adjusted is expected to be approximately $4.3 billion, inclusive of approximately $120 million of core deposit intangible amortization related to the Union Bank acquisition. Our income tax rate as adjusted is expected to be approximately 23% to 24% on a taxable equivalent basis. We expect merger and integration charges of between $150 million to $200 million in the third quarter.  I will now provide updated guidance for the full year. For 2023, net interest income is expected to be in the range of $17.5 billion to $18.0 billion. Total revenue as adjusted is now expected to be in the range of $28.0 billion to $29.0 billion, inclusive of approximately $330 million of full year purchase accounting accretion. Total non-interest expense as adjusted for the year is expected to be approximately $17 billion, inclusive of approximately $500 million of core deposit intangible amortization related to Union Bank. Our estimated full year income tax rate on a taxable equivalent basis, as adjusted, is expected to be approximately 23% to 24%. We continue to expect to have $900 million to $1 billion of merger and integration charges in 2023, and total merger and integration cost of approximately $1.4 billion, consistent with earlier guidance.  I will now hand it back to Andy for closing remarks. 
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Terry. I'll finish up on Slide 17. The strength and stability of our balance sheet remains a differentiator for our company. As these metrics indicate, we are well capitalized and prepared for a potentially more challenging economic environment, given our strong liquidity, diversified business mix, and consistent and disciplined approach to credit risk management. Building capital remains a top priority as we prepare for Category II designation, and we are confident in our ability to execute on our strategic growth opportunities and key initiatives. Following the successful conversion of Union Bank this quarter, we entered the second half of the year well-positioned as a national banking franchise, with increased scale, broader reach, and meaningful revenue growth opportunities provided by the addition of 1.2 million new consumer and small business customers. Across the business, from consumer to wealth management and commercial to business banking, we see significant opportunities to provide legacy Union Bank customers with a broad set of our products and services and industry-leading digital capabilities.  Additionally, the $900 million of identified cost synergies are still expected to be fully reflected in run rate savings as we head into 2024. Let me close by thanking our employees for all that they do to help provide exceptional service that makes us a destination of choice for our clients and a valued partner to all our stakeholders.  We'll now open up the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Well first go to Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Scott Siefers: Hey. I was hoping maybe we could start out with a couple of thoughts or expand the thoughts on capital. Maybe just sort of a refresher on anticipated capital build from here, especially in light of just how quickly you - just how quick the pace was in the second quarter. And then ideally sort of what you're targeting, presumably under Category II rules and when you might get there in your view.
Terry Dolan: Yes, thanks, Scott. I think that we ended up at 9.1% CET1 at the end of the second quarter. Our expectation now through the rest of this year is that we'll be at least at 9.5% by the end of the year, and that's going to be a function of earnings accretion net of distributions, as well as some continued actions from a risk-weighted asset perspective. We had originally articulated about 50 basis points of risk-weighted asset optimization over kind of the two-year time horizon. We felt like we could accelerate that a lot because the vast majority of them were what I would call low to neutral impact on earnings accretion. We still have a number of different levers that we can pull, some of which well be able to execute on this year, some of which is in preparation for 2024, but we feel very confident that we have a game plan in order to be able to get to at least 9.5% by the end of this year, and to be in a position to be able to fully adopt Category II by the end of 2024, if necessary.
Scott Siefers: Okay. All right, perfect. Thank you. And then maybe a question on the deposits. Appreciate all the commentary on the non-interest-bearing runoff being - I guess about half driven by the product change as you integrated the Union Bank customers. But just given sort of the optics of it, just curious about any thoughts - is that pretty much done or would you expect for the broader or entirety of the firm, could NIB balances still continue to flow out, just in light of where interest rates are, and where would you see those fleshing out maybe as the percent of total deposits?
John Stern: Hey, Scott, this is John. So, in terms of the DDA mix, you illustrated that correctly. We moved about $15 billion of deposits over into that Bank Smartly interest checking product. And so, that gets us to about a 20% ratio. We think that that's about where we land here. It'll be plus or minus of course, as we kind of go through the quarters, but we think that we're at a low point here.
Scott Siefers: Perfect. Okay, good. Thank you very much.
Operator: And next, we'll go to John Pancari with Evercore. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning. Regarding your non-interest income guidance of the 17.5 to 18, beyond the non-interest-bearing mix commentary that you just provided, can you also help unpack that guidance in terms of overall deposit growth expectations, as well as maybe the margin assumption behind that and loan growth as well, if possible. Thanks.
John Stern: Sure. This is John again. So, a couple of things I would say maybe just to provide additional context. As you saw in our results, we saw a big increase in our deposits, up 3% on a period ending basis to $522 billion. And then we had with - as Terry mentioned about our capital actions, we had loans drop as a start point of about 2% given the auto and the mortgage sale that we talked about within our comments. And so, as I think about those things, we will have the ability to be a little bit more disciplined and moderate in our deposit pricing as we go forward, given that line of thinking. And in addition, I think that as we bring on new loans, those loans are coming in at wider spreads, although loan growth is a little bit stalled as there's a little bit less demand for that in the near term here. And the mix here of loans should be more favorable as we're bringing on cards and less in mortgage and auto. So, those are kind of the puts and takes to how we came up with the net interest income guidance. And then I think you made a comment about deposits there as well, and I can just touch on that. I think on deposit side, we would - even though we had a large seasonal uplift, as typical in the second quarter from our corporate trust and commercial businesses that bring in deposit balances, as that begins to normalize, we think we're probably in line with the industry, which we anticipate being more of a decline given the quantitative tightening and all the other sorts of things that are headwinds for deposits in the industry.
Terry Dolan: Yes. And the other thing I would just mention, John, you asked a question regarding our expectation now just kind of looking at the market implied rate environment, is that NIM is probably down a few basis points in the third quarter and then relatively stable through the rest of the year.
John Pancari: Got it. No, thank you. That's very helpful. And just lastly, the confidence in your through-cycle deposit beta of about 40%, looks like we have a number of banks that are turning to the high 40s and into the 50s. just what gives you the confidence in that through-cycle beta expectation of around 40?
Terry Dolan: Yes. So, we're looking at - we're coming - our calculations shows at about 39% in the current beta. And we're indicating mid-40s is where we'll land. And I think it just goes back to some of the things that we talked about earlier where we did have a big flight in of deposits. We think - well, we have loans that have come down given the capital actions. And so, that gives us a little bit more flexibility with pricing. But of course, there'll be pressure as it relates to deposit betas just as we go through it, but all that is kind of baked into our mid-40s guide.
John Pancari: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we go to Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Terry Dolan: Morning, Ebrahim. How are you?
Ebrahim Poonawala: Good. How are you? Good morning. I just wanted to follow up on this capital build. It's obviously a big topic. As we think about future RWA optimization, remind - I think you mentioned some of the low hanging fruit, I guess, things that were EPS neutral. It seems like you executed on those this quarter. As we look forward to, I think you mentioned some action in the back half, some into 2024, how punitive are those going to be from an EPS standpoint that we should think about? I'm assuming that's in your guidance for 23, but give us a sense of just the EPS hit from these actions and how much more of RWA optimization that should we think about between now and let's say year-end 24?
Terry Dolan: Yes, great question Ebrahim. And so, let me maybe unpack it a little bit in terms of the different types of actions that we are likely to take. One, as an example is, we're going to be kind of winding down a cash provisioning of business. So, that'll have very minimal impact from an earnings perspective because it's not that big of a business, but it is a pretty significant user of capital in terms of risk-weighted assets. So, that's one area and one example of how we still think that there is low to neutral sort of opportunity in terms of enhancing or improving the risk-weighted asset position. We'll continue to be focused on reducing our MSR, our mortgage servicing right portfolio over the course of the next several quarters. That's an area that again it has some impact, but it's not significant. And probably more importantly, it allows us to rebalance the size of the mortgage exposure, mortgage portfolio relative to the overall size of the business. We'll continue to look at kind of similarly mortgage loan sales out of the Union Bank portfolio. Again, that reduces our concentration in California and should have minimal sort of impact kind of on a go-forward basis. And then there's just a number of other things, similar sort of structures that we've done. But the other thing that we're working on between now and the end of the year, which will kind of position us well to be able to continue to improve on a risk-weighted asset basis is setting up some securitization programs related to some of our other balance sheet asset positions.
Ebrahim Poonawala: That's helpful. And just one follow-up. Strategically, I think the one question is, this environment should be ideal for USB to take market share. Competitors are under pressure. Clearly, your balance sheet holding up quite well. Give us a sense of just how much of a constrained capital levels are today as you think about getting new customer growth, picking up market share, adding - sort of maximizing the Union franchise, just how much of a restrictive factor capital is to accomplish all of those.
Terry Dolan: Yes, go ahead Andy.
Andy Cecere: So, Ebrahim, I wouldn't say it's a constraint. We're focused on profitable growth. We have a diverse set of business products and services that allow us to grow in a capital efficient way. I mean, I'll give you a couple of examples. The Union Bank customer base, about 80% of the consumer small businesses are single service customers. Their penetration on credit card is about half what ours is across the legacy US bank. So, we have a lot of opportunities to deepen relationships in a very capital efficient way, given the broad product set that we have. So, that is an opportunity that we're very much focused on, looking forward to, and not feeling constrained.
Terry Dolan: Yes. And many of those single service on our balance sheet today, deepening the relationship will be as much focused on fee-based sort of businesses, which are capital efficient, as Andy said.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. Thanks. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: And next, we'll move to Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin: Hey, good morning, guys. Hey, a really good fee result this quarter. I just wanted to ask you, as I'm looking at the payment slide on Page 19, it does look like the year-over-year growth rates did all slow versus the first quarter. Can you just talk about what's going on across the payments with regards to just where the consumer is and how you expect corporate spending to trend as you look ahead, given the potential for a slowing economy?
Terry Dolan: Yes, and of course that's the $100,000 question, is whether or not we actually move into a recession or not. But I think broadly from a macro perspective, some of the things that we're seeing is that some of the excess savings that consumers have held in the past has come down to really pre-pandemic levels at this particular point in time. So, I think that manifests itself in kind of a normalization of consumer spend. So, we are seeing what was very strong consumer spend starting to normalize and soften, if you will. I mean, yesterday was retail sales information that came out a little bit softer than maybe expected. We're seeing some of those same dynamics in the payments business where sales, for example in the merchant side of the equation, slower, softer sort of retail sales, but there's still a fair amount of travel expenditure that's taking place. So, customers are certainly choosing and maybe being a little more choosy as to where they're spending their dollars. Some of the dynamics that we're seeing is while sales have softened maybe a bit, the margins in some of the businesses have actually improved. So, on the credit card side of the equation where sales have come down a little bit, the margins are actually a little stronger. On the corporate payment side of the equation, margins continue to get stronger because T&E spend at the corporate - in the commercial corporate sectors, has continued to be reasonably strong. So, we continue to kind of look out the rest of the year on the merchant acquiring side of the equation of revenue kind of in that high single digits sort of range, on the credit card fee revenue still in that mid-single digits, and on the corporate payment side equation. It'll normalize, but it'll kind of normalize in that high single digits range. That's kind of what we're seeing, what we're kind of forecasting at this particular point in time based upon consumer behavior.
Ken Usdin: Got it. And one follow-up on capital can you just give us, just so we all have the right number from your perspective, where CET1 was this quarter inclusive of AFS unrealized losses, and also just your view of, if rates stay the same here, what that pull to par looks like as you look forward to that year-end 24 point? Thanks.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So, if you were to embed the AOCI into the CET1 calculation under Category II, it'd been at 6.9%. And we expect that, based upon all of our capital actions, to get to kind of our target levels by the end of 2024. We have the game plan in order to be able to get there. So, we feel confident about that.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Do you do just have the AFS piece of what does pull to par by the end of the year? Because it's hard for us to understand how much the risk-weighted asset part might be, but at least we can kind of track to your view of the portfolio maturity.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Do you have that, John? 
John Stern: Yes. So, in terms of the burndowns between here and the end of 24, it's about 25% or so. 
Terry Dolan: Yes.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we can go to Erika Najarian with UBS. Please go ahead.
Erika Najarian: Hi. good morning. I need to ask that capital question again just because it's been such a big deal for your stock, and I'm wondering if you could indulge me in some sort of cave woman's math here. So, 6.9% CET1, you have six quarters to generate capital. Based on what you're earning today, you could add another 120 basis points, right, for six quarters times 20, and that'll get you to 8%. So, given that you've mentioned, both Terry and John, throughout the call, some additional RWA actions. How much can RWA actions enhance that potential for 8% fully loaded CET1 by 4Q 24 just on earnings. How much can you add from RWA mitigation?
Terry Dolan: Yes, so maybe just kind of unpacking a little bit. We still expect Erika, that the benefit from capital accretion or earnings accretion is going to be somewhere in that 20 to 25 basis points on average. And a couple of different things to kind of keep in mind. While there's a little more pressure on the revenue side of the equation, the things that will start to come into the equation is a lot lower merger and integration charges next year. Well be substantially done with that, as well as the fact that by the end of the year, we will really be at kind of full run rate from a cost synergy standpoint.  So, I think that there's a number of things just in terms of why we feel confident that that accretion level starts to accelerate or creep up from where we're at today. And then I think when you end up going through - John talked a little bit about the burndown being at about 25% between now and the end of the year, and that's based upon market implied. But also keep in mind, as we have said is, we have put into place some hedging strategies to protect us from the upside risk that might exist if rates were to move up. So, we feel pretty good about where that is going to come in. And then the rest of it is really tied to risk-weighted asset actions, many of which I ended up talking about. And again, we have a pretty confident game plan with respect to our ability to reduce risk-weighted assets in order to be able to achieve the targets that we need to hit.
Erika Najarian: Let me just ask it another way again, just because it feels like some of the good stuff that's going on in the company is being ignored because of this capital question regarding Category II. Based on your outlook and under a reasonable range of scenario for the economy, do you think you could get to 8.5% to 9% fully loaded CET1 by 4Q 24?
Terry Dolan: Yes, absolutely.
Erika Najarian: Thank you.
Operator: And next, we can go to John McDonald with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
John McDonald: Hi. Yes, thanks, Terry. Yes, just one last follow-up on that walk starting from the 6.9%, getting to 8.5% to 9%. So, is that the idea that the AOCI is kind of like a 200, 210 basis point drag today and that'll shrink to, in your number, something like 150 or that kind of drag by the end of next year?
Terry Dolan: Yes.
John McDonald: Okay. And does your walk include like FDIC assessment and CECL phase-in, things like that?
Terry Dolan: Yes.
John McDonald: Okay. The next question was just on credit. How do you see charge-off trajectory from here? I know you've said normalized 50, you won't get there for a while, but the jumping off point is 35 basis points, I guess this quarter. How do you see it kind of playing out from here?
Terry Dolan: Yes, it's going to continue to normalize for all the different things we have been talking about and that I think the industry has been talking about. Our expectation is that that 35 creeps up into the kind of mid-40s by maybe the end of the year, early next year. And then it kind of normalizes around 50 basis points once we get into 2024.
John McDonald: Okay. Got it. And does the full year guidance on expenses for this year incorporate some achievement of merger saves in the fourth quarter of this year?
Terry Dolan: In terms of cost synergies or?
John McDonald: Yes, exactly.
Terry Dolan: Yes, absolutely. Gets us to the run rate, John of the full 900 by the end of the quarter. So, when we get into 2024, we will have achieved a full run rate of $900 million of cost synergies,
John McDonald: And you will have achieved most of those by the fourth quarter of this year,
Terry Dolan: By the end of the fourth quarter. Yep.
John McDonald: Okay. And that's built into the guidance for the full year this year?
Terry Dolan: Yes.
John McDonald: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we can go to Chris Kotowski with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Chris Kotowski: Yes. I think last quarter you shared that the average duration of your securities portfolio went down from like 4.3 to 3.8 years or something like that. And I wonder if you could give us the similar trend in the second quarter and the outlook for the balance of the year and just your philosophy in general about reinvesting maturities. Is that kind of going into cash or are you kind of maintaining the duration that you have?
Terry Dolan: Yes. The duration that we had talked about with respect to the AFS portfolio was 3.8 years and has continued to come down a little bit, not measurably, but down a little bit from there. Our game plan, I guess, is that we're going to continue to work on shortening the duration of the AFS portfolio. Again, it kind of helps us de-risk that, meaning we'll keep more in short term sort of securities, whether it's that or cash, but it'll be kind of a combination.
Chris Kotowski: And on the HTM portfolio, is there a similar kind of move to shorten duration, or are you comfortable where it is?
Terry Dolan: Yes. Well, with respect to the HTM portfolio, that's just kind of going to run down over time or burn down over time. We're not adding to the HTM portfolio at this particular point.
Chris Kotowski: Okay. All right, great. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll move to Vivek Juneja with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Vivek Juneja: Sorry, its sort of repetitive given the multiple calls. So, I guess a couple of things. On merchant processing, any color on why up only 2% year-on-year in terms of fees? I hear you on the travel flowing, but that's - there's also a lower fee. What's caused such a sharp slowdown and what turns that around to the mid-single digits, Terry?
Terry Dolan: Yes, some of it is year-over-year comp and how it'll kind of play out. But the biggest driver, Vivek, in the merchant processing at this particular point is the fact that the travel, airline specifically, is continuing to become a higher portion of the overall mix that we think is starting to stabilize. In other words, most of the - much of that growth has been in the airline space, but we think that that kind of stabilizes. Airline happens to have a lower margin. And so, that's the dynamic that you're seeing.
Vivek Juneja: Got it. Okay. And OCI, your loss seems to have gone up. Did you not get any benefits from the hedges you have put on, or is there something else going on underneath?
Terry Dolan: Yes. Go ahead, John.
John Stern: I think the investment portfolio is, AOCI went - declined or the mark declined by about $250 million linked-quarter, but rates went up 50 to 60 basis points upon the points of the curve that that matter to the portfolio. So, it's not totally flat - as we talked about, there's a duration to that book. And so, you would expect a wider mark given the higher level of rates. So, I think with the hedges that we have put in place, that helped mute that. It could have been higher. And we continue to add hedges across that portfolio and picker spots when we see rates fall.
Vivek Juneja: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go to Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning, gentlemen. Terry, you talked a bit about a normalization in net charge-offs moving into 2024. Can you share with us what kind of assumptions you're using to get to that normalization rate in charge-offs, both economic and just the way the customer base may behave?
Terry Dolan: You want to talk about that? 
Andy Cecere: From an economic standpoint - Gerard, I'll start. This is Andy. We think there's probably a fairly equal weight probability that we'll either see a soft landing or a mild recession. And if we do get a recession, our models would indicate it would be short and shallow either late this year or early in 2024. You know there's still pricing pressure and the inflation's not solved.  So, we have one more rate hike by the end of the year modeled in. And then - but on the other hand, as Terry mentioned, excess savings has come down significantly, and consumer spending is slowing. So, the Fed is getting its desired outcomes. So, big picture, we think the Fed's close to being done. And as I said, sort of this probability of either shallow and soft or mild recession and or a soft landing is what we've modeled in to get to those assumptions Terry has articulated
Terry Dolan: A couple of things I would just add maybe from a portfolio dynamic perspective. We're seeing nice growth in terms of credit card balances. And as credit card balances both increase and it normalizes, you'll start to see that ratio going up because that's a little higher mix for us. And then I think it may be somewhat lumpy, but it's kind of incorporated into it as just continuing to work through commercial real estate office space over the course of the next few years.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then I apologize if you addressed this question, but with the expectation of the Basel III end gain capital requirements coming shortly in this week, the disclosures, that it seems like residential mortgages may be exposed to higher risk-weighted assets. How are you guys thinking about that in terms of risk of RWA strategies, if mortgages do get a bigger weight and other areas are greater than expected?
Terry Dolan: Yes. Well, certainly, a lot of our actions, for example, with respect to mortgages and that particular business, is just continuing to de-risk, so to speak. So, we're kind of trying to take that into consideration. Our expectation right now, Gerard, is that it's probably going to be fairly neutral to maybe just a little bit of a benefit it based upon everything that we're seeing in terms of the end game, but we really have to wait and see what the final rules say and then apply it to our specific portfolio.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you, Terry. Thank you, Andy.
Operator: And next, we go to Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: Hi, good morning. Just a couple of quick follow-ups. One, the asset sales that you did this quarter, was that at the beginning of the quarter or the end? I'm just trying to understand how much like revenue from that portfolio you have in 2Q.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Most of them were completed the end of the - closer to the end of the second quarter, so in the June timeframe.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then the revenue outlook for the full year, is that based on June 30 balance sheet or is that also including the RWA actions you're planning on taking between now and year end?
Terry Dolan: Both. It incorporates our capital actions in terms of what we expect to execute on between now and the end of the year.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Got it. All right. Okay. Thank you. That's it.
Operator: And next, we can move to Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Mike Mayo: Hi. Well, on the capital issue I asked last quarter, do you think there's any chance that you need to raise capital or cut the dividend? And Ill just to ask again, or what - I mean, people were doing these mechanistic analyses where they would take the underlying securities losses, reduce that from tangible equity, give you no credit, and then say you would need to raise capital. So, now that you've met your year-end capital target, I guess would you reiterate, or to what degree would you reiterate no capital increase, no dividend cut. And in addition, if you could put in a broader context, the vice chair of the Fed, Barr, last week said that actually the economic value of equity at banks goes up because of higher value of deposits. So, it seems like he signs on to a lot of the analysis that we analyst do. So, just if you could comment on the bigger picture about your capital and the flexibility there.
Andy Cecere: Yes, Mike, this is Andy. And as Terry mentioned, so we accelerated our RWA actions, got to 9.1 at the end of the second quarter, well ahead of our 9.0 by the end of the year. We expect to be at least 9.5 by the end of the year, if not better. And we have a game plan we're comfortable with and confident enough to get to 9 under the Basel - under the Cat II definition by the end of 2024. So, all those things make us confident in the capital walk that we talked about and the actions we're taking.
Mike Mayo: And then on the negative side, you and a lot of regional banks have continued to lower guidance on NII, and here we go again with that. And look, I mean, rates went up faster than you or anyone had expected. The yield curve is a lot more inverted. I guess competition has picked up more than expected. What inning do you think you're in terms of this downward revision for NII? Do you think you're kind of there now? You said third quarter could be down a little bit. And as you exit the year, do you think you maintain that third quarter level or what - I think you said NIM would be flat after that, but I'm not sure if you mentioned NII. So, is the downward revision for NII done, or eighth inning, seventh inning, and what does that mean for kind of run rate going to next year?
Terry Dolan: Yes. So, again, obviously you heard the guidance with respect to NII and NIM. We expect it to be a few basis points down in the third quarter and then relatively stable from there. Obviously, this is rate, excuse me, it's Fed policy kind of dependent. So, we're trying to look at what the current environment looks like, but we feel like if I had to kind of put what inning are we in, I think we're in the late innings simply because of where the Fed is from a monetary policy standpoint. So, while there may continue to be a little bit of downward pressure, we don't see it as being significant from here. Andy, what would you add? 
Andy Cecere: Mike, the other thing I'd add is, I think one of the benefits of our business model is the diversity of revenue. So, even in a stressed environment on deposits, which you're absolutely right about, we have the payments revenue, the trust revenue, the commercial products revenue, and on top of all that, $900 million of cost synergies that we're going to act on. So, we're pulling lots of levers, not just on margin.
Mike Mayo: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And next, we have a follow up from John McDonald with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
John McDonald: Hi, Terry. Thanks. One more on the mitigation and optimization opportunity. Originally, you had talked about 50 basis points of opportunity to harness this year. Obviously, you got 40 this quarter. And now it sounds like the total is more. I'm just trying to - is there a way to size how much more you might see out there between the remainder of this year and next year relative to the original 50 you were targeting?
Terry Dolan: Yes. Again, the 50 that we were targeting, we knew we had a high level of confidence in terms of being able to achieve it because there were low to kind of neutral impact and they were things that we could kind of execute on the - we definitely believe that as we get into 2024, the standing up, which obviously takes a little longer, standing up of securitization programs and many of the actions that I talked about earlier, gets us to where we need to be from a capital perspective when you take into consideration the burndown, et cetera. So, that opportunity I think is certainly - probably in line with another 50 basis points, would be my guess.
John McDonald: Okay. And when you say no impact or low impact, we did see some this quarter, like in terms of the charge-offs and taxes, I guess they're not run rate. Is that what you mean by like you could have episodic one quarter type impacts? 
Terry Dolan: Yes, absolutely. We'll continue to see that as we reposition the balance sheet. But again, those impacts are all taken into consideration when we think about the net RWA impacts.
John McDonald: Okay. And again, your target that you want to get to for the fully loaded by the end of next year is what? When you say you want to 
Terry Dolan: Yes. Well, it'll be - fully adopted, it'd be roughly 8.5%, 9%.
John McDonald: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time, and I'll turn it back to George Anderson. Please continue.
George Anderson: Thank you for listening to our earnings call. Please contact the Investor Relations department if you have any follow-up questions.
Operator: And this concludes todays conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-19 12:20:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the U.S. Bancorp First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately 11 o'clock A.M. Central Time. I will now turn the conference call over to George Anderson, Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
George Anderson: Thank you, Brad. Good morning everyone. With me today are Andy Cecere, our Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and Terry Dolan, our Vice Chair and Chief Financial Officer. During the prepared remarks, Andy and Terry will be referencing a slide presentation. A copy of the presentation a s well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at usbank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on page two of today's presentation, in our press release, our Form 10-K and its subsequent reports on file with the SEC. Following their prepared remarks, Andy and Terry will take any questions that you have. I will now turn the call over to Andy.
Andy Cecere: Thanks George. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. I'll begin on slide three. In the first quarter, we reported earnings per share of $1.04, which includes $0.12 per share of charges related to the MUFG Union Bank acquisition. Excluding those notable items, earnings per share was $1.16. We achieved record net revenue of $7.2 billion for the quarter. Following our successful close of Union Bank acquisition in December of 2022, first quarter results reflected a full year's benefit of the acquired franchise, continued growth in earning assets, net interest margin expansion, and higher non-interest income led by stronger commercial product and mortgage banking fee revenues. Slide four details our reported and adjusted income statement results as well as the end of period and average balances and other performance metrics. On the right, you'll see the credit quality remains strong, but is starting to normalize as expected. Our charge-off ratio of 30 basis points as adjusted is well below pre-COVID levels and reflective of our disciplined risk management culture. The CET1 ratio, our binding regulatory constraint was 8.5% at the end of the quarter and is consistent with our target capital ratio. We expect to exceed 9.0% later this year as we accrete capital back quickly over the next few quarters and continue to focus on risk-weighted asset optimization initiatives. Slide five provides key performance metrics. Excluding notable items, our return on average assets was 1.15% and our return on average common equity was 15.7%. Our return on tangible common equity was 24.3% on an adjusted basis. Slide six provides both a high-level time line and general update on our planned conversion of Union Bank. Integration efforts have been progressing well and we remain on track for our successful main systems conversion over the upcoming Memorial Day weekend. We anticipate a full transition of all accounts by the second half of the year. Turning to slide seven. The industry disruption early in March has reinforced the importance of maintaining a well-diversified business with an appropriate risk profile. We maintain a resilient and diversified deposit base. Over half of our deposits are insured and 80% of the uninsured deposits are retail or operational in nature. Our diversified funding sources, ample liquidity levels and strong credit quality supported by disciplined underwriting standards are all hallmarks of our approach to risk management. I'll now turn the call over to Terry, who can provide more detail on the balance sheet strength and the first quarter earnings results.
Terry Dolan: Thanks Andy. Turning to slide eight, a key strength of the bank is our well- -diversified deposit base, which remains a stable source of low-cost funding. As a reminder, following the completion of our acquisition of Union Bank last quarter, our end-of-period deposits totaled $525 billion, including approximately $80 billion of deposits from Union Bank. As we discussed last quarter, $9 billion of Union Bank acquired deposits were transitory in nature, with $4 billion returned to MUFG in the fourth quarter and additional $4.7 billion that moved back to MUFG in the first quarter of this year. In addition, $1.1 billion of acquired deposits were included in the branch sale or related to PurePoint, a broker deposit gathering mechanism that we discontinued. Importantly, prior to the events of March 8, we saw expected deposit outflow largely consistent with seasonal patterns, reflective of our business mix, including our large trust business. From March 8 through the end of the quarter, deposit balances were relatively stable, down only 0.6% as inflows from new customers were slightly offset by the impact of clients diversifying their deposits and seeking yield and money market funds consistent with broader industry trends. During this period, we saw an increase in money market funds of approximately $10 billion within our wealth management and investment services businesses. We expect the competition for deposits to remain high for the industry in 2023. Our cumulative deposit beta through the first quarter was approximately 34% and we expect that to increase to about 40% by the end of this rate cycle, generally in line with our previous expectations. Slide nine provides additional detail on the composition of our highly diversified deposit base. As the slide shows, our deposit balances are composed of a broad mix of consumer, corporate and commercial customers that we support with an expansive branch distribution network and mobile capabilities across our national footprint. Our deposit base reflects the wide range of customers and industries that our companies serve. At March 31, our percent of insured deposits to total deposits was 51%. Approximately 80% of our uninsured deposits are composed of operational wholesale trust and retail deposits that are stickier, either because they are contractually bound or tied to treasury management services and trust activities provided to corporate and institutional clients. Combined with our consumer-based deposits, the stability of our funding source is sound. Moving to slide 10. U.S. Bank's total available liquidity as of March 31 was $315 billion, representing 126% of our uninsured deposits. As of March -- as of December 31, our liquidity coverage ratio was 122%. As mentioned, our strong debt ratings reflect our diversified business profile, well-collateralized credit exposure, healthy capital and liquidity profiles and disciplined asset liability management framework. These attributes work in concert with our strong balance sheet optimization and management practices to ensure strength and stability of our balance sheet. Slide 11 provides details on the composition of our investment securities portfolio. Over the last five quarters and well ahead of the most recent banking disruption, we reduced the size of our investment securities portfolio from 30% to 25% of total assets while increasing cash levels. In preparation for and as part of the completion of our acquisition of Union Bank, we repositioned our balance sheet by selling fixed rate loans and investment securities, paid off borrowings and increased cash balances in response to economic uncertainty, industry dynamics, rising interest rates and increased market volatility. At March 31, approximately 90% of the securities in our investment portfolio are backed and are sponsored by the US federal government with 55% of securities designated as held to maturity and 45% designated as available for sale. Further, available for sale unrealized losses as a percentage of our investment securities portfolio improved in the first quarter and total AOCI improved by 11% on a linked-quarter basis. Turning to slide 12. As a reminder, following the completion of our acquisition of Union Bank, our CET1 capital ratio declined from 9.7% at the end of the third quarter of 2022 to 8.4% as of December 31st, which reflected the impact of balance sheet optimization and purchase accounting adjustments that will accrete back into capital over the next few years. Strategically, we continue to be encouraged about the financial merits of this deal and the synergistic benefits we expect to realize as a combined institution. As Andy mentioned earlier, our CET1 capital ratio at March 31st was 8.5%, a 10 basis point increase from year-end reflected 20 basis points of capital accretion, offset by the transitional impact of CECL of 10 basis points. As of March 31st, we expect to accrete approximately 20 to 25 basis points of capital per quarter as we complete the Union Bank integration and realize cost synergies. Importantly, this does not include the impacts of planned RWA optimization initiatives mentioned earlier. Turning to slide 13. Total end-of-period loans were $388 billion, which was flat on a linked-quarter basis and up 21.6% year-over-year. Commercial real estate loans represent approximately 14% of our total loan portfolio with CRE office exposure representing approximately 2% of total loans and only 1% of total commitments. Leverage lending balances are not a significant component of the loan portfolio. Slide 14 shows credit quality trends, which continue to be strong, but as expected, are started -- are starting to normalize across the portfolio. The ratio of nonperforming assets to loans and other real estate was 0.3% at March 31st compared with 0.26% at December 31st and 0.25% a year ago. Our first quarter net charge-offs of 0.30% as adjusted, increased seven basis points versus the fourth quarter level of 0.23% as adjusted and was higher when compared to the first quarter of 2022, which was a level of 0.21%. Our allowance for credit losses as of March 31st totaled $7.5 billion or 1.94% of period-end loans. As the chart on the upper right side of this slide demonstrates, our credit performance through the cycle serves as a key differentiator for the bank. Slide 15 provides a detailed earnings summary for the quarter. In the first quarter, we earned $1.16 per diluted share, excluding $0.12 of notable items related to the recent acquisition of Union Bank. Slide 16 highlights revenue trends for the quarter. Net revenue totaled $7.2 billion in the first quarter, which included a full quarter of revenue contribution from Union Bank of $832 million, primarily representing net interest income. Net interest income grew 7.9% on a linked quarter basis and 45.9% year-over-year, driven by earning asset growth and continued net interest margin expansion, which benefited from rising interest rates. Non-interest income as adjusted increased 2.7% compared to the fourth quarter, driven by higher commercial product revenue, mortgage banking revenue and trust and investment management fees, partially offset by losses of $32 million from securities sales. Turning to Slide 17. Adjusted non-interest expense for the company totaled $4.3 billion in the first quarter, including $546 million from Union Bank. Non-interest expense as adjusted increased 9.1% on a linked-quarter basis largely driven by the impact of two additional months of Union Bank's operating expenses, core deposit intangible amortization and higher compensation and other non-interest expenses. I will now provide second quarter and updated full year 2023 forward-looking guidance on Slide 18. Starting with the second quarter of 2013 guidance, we expect average earning assets of between $600 billion and $605 billion in the second quarter and a net interest margin of approximately 3%. Total revenue, as adjusted, is estimated to be in the range of $7.1 billion to $7.3 billion, including approximately $85 million of purchase accounting accretion. Total non-interest expense as adjusted is expected to be in the range of $4.3 billion to $4.4 billion, inclusive of approximately $120 million of core deposit intangible amortization related to Union Bank. Our tax rate is expected to be approximately 23% on a taxable equivalent basis. To date, we have incurred $573 million in merger and integration costs and anticipated charges of between -- and anticipate charges of between $250 million and $300 million for the second quarter. We continue to estimate total merger and integration costs of approximately $1.4 billion, consistent with earlier guidance. I will now provide updated guidance for the full year. For 2023, average earning assets are now expected to be in the range of $600 billion to $610 billion. We expect the net interest margin to be between 3.0% to 3.05% for the full year. Total revenue as adjusted is now expected to be in the range of $28.5 million to $30.5 billion, inclusive of approximately $350 million of full year purchase accounting accretion. Total non-interest expense as adjusted for the year is expected to be in the range of $17.0 billion to $17.5 billion, inclusive of approximately $500 million of core deposit intangible amortization related to Union Bank. Our estimated full year income tax rate on a taxable equivalent basis is now expected to be approximately 23.0%. We continue to expect to have $900 million to $1 billion of merger and integration charges in 2023. I will now hand it back to Andy for closing remarks.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Terry. Events of the past few weeks have certainly raised questions about the overall health of the banking industry and the economic outlook. Business of banking involves taking balanced risks and these risks must be carefully managed, appropriately regulated and prudently mitigated. At U.S. Bank, we are focused on the strength and stability of our balance sheet. Our investment in risk management practice is guided by our core principle that includes always doing the right thing for the many stakeholders, communities, and constituents we serve. A key strength of our institution is our high-quality and diversified business mix and deposit base. The combination of a mix of consumer, corporate and commercial customers with significant operational deposits, broad geographic reach, and a full breadth and depth of product and service offerings serves as a key differentiator for the bank. Our high debt ratings, resilient liquidity profile, available funding sources and strong earnings capacity enable us to deliver industry-leading regulatory test results and contribute to our resiliency during times of uncertainty. As we continue to work to ensure a successful conversion of Union Bank next month, we are already seeing the benefits of increased scale and market share as we bring our enhanced digital capabilities and broad and diverse product set to the Union Bank customer base. Our reputation as a prudent risk manager has been earned through our performance over many cycles and we have never been more focused on the strength and stability of our balance sheet. Let me close by thanking our employees for all that they do on a daily basis for our customers, communities, and shareholders. We have shown incredible strength and stability during these challenging times and I am more confident than ever in our ability to continue to deliver exceptional client service, superior product offerings in a rapidly changing environment. We'll now open the call for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] We'll go to Scott Siefers, Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Scott Siefers: Good morning everybody.
Andy Cecere: Hi Scott.
Scott Siefers: Hey. Lots of noise in the deposit flows in the first quarter. I guess, moving forward, what would your expectations be for total deposit flows or balances and then the mix of non-interest-bearing to total as we sort of get through this cycle?
Terry Dolan: Yes. Our expectation is that if you end up just looking at the industry, there's going to be pressure on deposits and high competition. We think will fare quite well with respect to that. To the extent that we see changes in deposits, it will be kind of based upon that competition. So, -- but I would say relatively stable. And then coming to your second question, the mix of NIBs as an example in roughly the fourth quarter was about 25%, 26% in that ballpark. It's 25%. We think it's kind of hitting that kind of stable level, keeping in mind that we have a lot of operational deposits tied to our -- both our Corporate and our Corporate Trust businesses, and that kind of helps to sustain it. So, it's a combination of things, Scott.
Scott Siefers: Okay, perfect. Thank you. And then I was hoping we could talk for a second about just the categorization and when you guys would expect to be a Category 2 bank, I think there's a lot of chatter going around, especially in light of that report from a couple of days ago. So, maybe just in sort of clear terms, when would you expect to be a Category 2 bank? Will that be due to your asset size or thanks to the Fed's flexibility to designate you as one? And then how would you guys get there by that time?
Terry Dolan: Yes. Our trajectory with respect to Category 2 is no earlier than the end of 2024. And that will be -- I think that will be more driven by whether the Fed makes that decision or not rather than asset size. Again, as we kind of manage the company, we're going to be -- continue to be very focused on profitable loan growth and things like that. So we get there when we get there. But that -- in our expectation right now is no sooner than the end of 2024.
Scott Siefers: Okay. Perfect. And you guys feel like you're prepared to get there by that time basically?
Terry Dolan: Yes. It will be a combination of a couple of things we talked about, the -- just the capital generation from earnings and of course, that is helped by the Union Bank transaction. And then, we're very focused on capital management. We have to be just -- because of the Category II. And we'll be very focused on risk-weighted asset optimization and making sure that we're focused on profitable growth.
Scott Siefers: Perfect. Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Erika Najarian with UBS. Please go ahead.
Erika Najarian: Hi. Good morning.
Terry Dolan: Good morning, Erika.
Erika Najarian: I guess the question for USB is, I don't think your investors doubt the through-the-cycle credit outperformance or even the PPNR strength. It's well noted that the adjustment to your revenue outlook was very minimal relative to peers. I think the big question that investors have is, you're starting from 8.5% CET1. You note earnings power and capital -- organic capital generation of 20 to 25 basis points. But as we anticipate Cat II and you're telling us that the Fed could decide and not your asset size necessarily could decide when that line is, what is the new endpoint of CET1 in your view? Because as we think about going into that new category, I don't think investors think that 8.5% to 9% is the right bogey? And then the sort of the sub question to that, Andy, is, is your priority getting to a higher capital level faster? And, if so, how are you thinking about dividend growth this year?
Andy Cecere: So, Erika, good question. And so, I'm just going to go from the beginning. I think that would be helpful. So, as you know, we were well above 9% and came down to 8.4% as a result of the Union Bank transaction. The Union Bank transaction is a terrific transaction. We're exceeding our revenue expectations. We are coming under on our expense expectations. The accretion is greater than we expected. So the value of the franchise is positive for sure. As we think about the Category II, I have three or four factors, I think about. Number one is the earnings accretion that we talked about, which is strong and growing, and will become even more accretive as we get through the cost takeout component of the Union Bank integration. Number two is, we have a number of initiatives across the board for risk-weighted asset optimization. Those are things like credit transfers, risk transfers, a number of things to optimize the balance sheet that I think we ought to be focused on and are very focused on to your question. And I think, with those two things, as I mentioned, we expect to exceed 9% by the end of this year. That, coupled with our AOC burn down and additional accretion as we go into 2024, makes me comfortable that we are prepared with whatever event occurs as it relates to Category II in the timing, as Terry mentioned, no later -- no earlier than the end of 2024.
Terry Dolan: Yes. A couple of things that I would maybe add because that's right on. Coming back to AOCI, that burn will be kind of a function of a lot of different things. We have been very proactive in terms of repositioning the AFS portfolio, looking at asset sales and securitization -- or asset sales, security sales, et cetera. Again, to give you some sense, the duration of that investment portfolio -- of the AFS portfolio has gone from a little over 4.5% in the fourth quarter to about 3.8% in -- at the end of the first quarter. So we're going to continue to shorten the duration and that's going to help us with respect to managing AOCI. And then in addition to that, we have been essentially reducing the volatility of AOCI to up interest rate environments through hedging activities. So it's a combination of a variety of things that we're going to go through.
Erika Najarian: And is 9.5%, 10% an appropriate new bogey as we think about the shift change for next year on Cat II?
Andy Cecere: So Erika, as you know, the
Erika Najarian: Go ahead.
Andy Cecere: Yeah, the regulators are going through an analysis and a process right now to think about how capital levels ought to be in the industry across the board with Basel IV end game and whatever changes the categorization that occurs. So we are waiting for that as you are to understand what the new environment will look like. But the plan that we have in place is assuming what you -- what Terry just discussed.
Erika Najarian: And just if I could sneak in one last one in. One of your peers closest to you in size at the TLAC was pretty much done investing. I noticed that you mentioned your superior debt rating several times. Clearly, the debt markets are still a little bit dislocated. But how should we think about the wholesale funding stack from here. I noticed on a period-end basis, short-term borrowings went up by $25 billion. Terry, as you potentially anticipate TLAC, how should we think about your senior debt issuance plans or really hold that level of borrowings until there's a little bit more less dislocation in the senior debt market?
Terry Dolan: Yeah. Again, TLAC is one of those things that we're going to learn more as we go over the course of the next 12 months. I think the real question is not whether or not TLAC will exist because I do believe and we're expecting that it will be something that gets put into place. But how does that get calibrated for the regional banks, reflecting the risk profile that we have relative to the G subs? And there's a wide range of estimates that are out there. I -- when we end up looking at that, maybe one reasonable estimate would be based upon the foreign bank operators and levels of TLAC. If that is the case for us, I think it would be very manageable. It would be within a range that we would be able to manage, too. And then that just gives us flexibility with respect to how we utilize that within the bank.
Erika Najarian: Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Thanks Erika.
Operator: And next, we can go to Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Andy Cecere: Good morning Mike.
Mike Mayo: Hi. Well, your PE, I believe consensus is close to seven and the market is around 20. So your relative PE is one of the lowest in history. So I would pause it, that the market is concerned about something other than earnings. So going back, I guess the simple question for you, Andy, is will U.S. Bancorp need to issue capital? And how confident are you about that? And on the other side, are buybacks potentially an option once you get to 9% CET1? And the reason I bring that up is you've seen the front page articles and papers, if you're forced to recognize the unrealized securities losses and you do a burn down and then people come up with all sorts of numbers. And would you be forced to realize that? You heard Congress talk about these issues. Could you be forced to incorporate that as part of the current stress test? Could the Fed force your hand sooner? Any color you can give. What's your confidence that you might need to issue capital over the next year or so?
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Mike. So as I said, I'm -- that is not part of our thinking as we sit today. I'm confident that our earnings accretion, our RWA optimization, our AOC burn down will all get us to a point that we will be at the appropriate capital levels, and I can assure you that it's a high focus area for myself and the entire management team, including Terry. So that is something we're very focused on. Now as it relates to buybacks, I will tell you, as we all know, there's a lot of capital changes that are likely to occur from a regulatory standpoint. So we're not going to do anything until we have more clarity around that, which we hope to have in the second half of the year. But the focus on getting to the appropriate capital levels as quickly as possible, accreting capital and building that capital base is priority one.
Terry Dolan: Yes. And Mike, the thing that I would add to that, we're going to learn with respect to exactly how -- moving to category two and the inclusion in unrealized losses gets incorporated into the CCAR process. But just as a reminder, we have a pretty significant amount of buffer that already exists just based upon our credit performance and our PPNR performance because of the earnings capacity. We continue to reduce the volatility of AOCI to rising interest rates. We're doing that through pay-fixed hedges and just shortening the duration and things that I talked about earlier. I think there's very likely that they will incorporate a higher rate environment into the CCAR process. I will tell you that we've done lots of scenarios that look at a stagflation sort of environment and we actually perform better in that environment because the revenue streams tend to hold up given our mix of business, et cetera. So we're taking a lot of that into consideration. And like Andy said, we feel pretty confident that we don't have to go through a capital raise.
Mike Mayo: As part of this year's stress test, would they include the unrealized securities losses since that would incorporate the nine-quarter time horizon or no?
Terry Dolan: No. That is not required in the CCAR analysis as a condition of the way the deal was structured.
Mike Mayo: And then last short one, you're non-interest-bearing deposits. I know you brought that up before. It certainly went down more than average this quarter, but you're not guiding your margin down too much. You said 3% to 3.05% versus, I guess, 3.1% this quarter. Why wouldn't you be guiding that down even further given the decline in non-interest-bearing deposits quarter-over-quarter?
Terry Dolan: Yes. It's a couple of different things. One is, again, if you end up just looking at the mix of total deposits, we again think that total deposits will be relatively stable and that the mix of NIB will be relatively stable around that 25% up or down. Part of the decline in this particular quarter ties back to some of the seasonal flows, which are part of our trust business, but also the deposits that we knew were going to go out the door to MUFG because of closing down the PurePoint, et cetera. All of those things kind of tie in to the reason why we saw the decline this quarter.
Mike Mayo: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we go to John McDonald with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Andy Cecere: Hey, John.
John McDonald: Yes, hi. Good morning, guys. Wanted to ask on the idea of getting above 9% by the end of the year on CET1. Does that rely on the RWA mitigation opportunities, or is that just kind of the 20 to 25 basis points that Terry mentioned before the RWA benefit? Is that something that will help you next year? Can you talk a little bit about that?
Terry Dolan: Yes, we think that the capital generation, the accretion that we'll see the is core earnings capability. So it does not rely on those RWAs. So the RWA optimization that we will go through will be above and beyond that. That's a part of that overall capital strategy that Andy talked about earlier.
John McDonald: The benefits of that should happen and help you towards the end of this year, maybe into next year as you work towards end of 2024 capital target?
Terry Dolan: Yes, it will help us both this year as well as into next year. Absolutely. As you know, John, we've been kind of preparing for Cat 2 for well over a year. We put a lot of things in place in the third and fourth quarter. We took some actions in the fourth quarter and we'll utilize a lot of those tools, if you will, as part of the RWA optimization process that we're going to go through.
John McDonald: Yes. And just to clarify, Terry, this hasn't happened prior to the end of 2024, even with the Fed, right? The Fed would tell you on January 2024 that it would take effect by the end of 2024, right? So, it's not like they're going to tell you any color there, correct?
Terry Dolan: That is correct.
John McDonald: Okay. And then any idea of the pace of AOCI burn down? Obviously, the AOCI came down 11% this quarter with the help of rates. But in a world where rates are not coming down, what's the natural kind of burn-off pace that you might expect for that over a year or two? Any help on that? And just kind of reminding us of the duration again.
Terry Dolan: Yes. The -- well, again, the duration of the AFS portfolio right now is about 3.8 years. So, just if you kind of take that into consideration, the burden down will still be fairly reasonable, even without interest rates. And again, we've put some of rising interest rates with respect to AOCI.
John McDonald: Okay. Thanks.
Terry Dolan: Thanks John.
Operator: Next we go to John Pancari with Evercore. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Andy Cecere: Good morning John.
Terry Dolan: Good morning John.
John Pancari: On the -- back to the RWA optimization, can you maybe give us a little more color on what you're looking at there? I know you mentioned credit transfers and risk transfers. But maybe if you can kind of flesh that out a little bit and maybe just an idea of the magnitude of the benefit that you see potentially materializing as a result of the RWA actions? And then lastly, is other business or portfolio sales or divestitures considered within that? Thanks.
Terry Dolan: The second part of the question was?
Andy Cecere: Their business sales.
Terry Dolan: Business sales. Yes, at least at this particular point in time, obviously, we'll look at a lot of different things in terms of businesses that we may look at to sell. I mean, that portfolio optimization is something we're always doing and we've done that a number of different times over the last several years. So, that obviously will be something we'll look at. But we have a sizable mortgage servicing rights portfolio. We'll take a look at selling portions of that where that makes sense, we'll look at asset securitization like we did in the fourth quarter. There are a whole variety of risk transfer sort of structures that both we put -- we have put into place when we have on the shelf and we're ready to kind of start moving forward on when we can. So, I think it's a whole variety of different things that we will take a look at as well as balancing the mix toward growth in, what I would say, less capital-intensive businesses as opposed to capital-intensive businesses. So it will be a whole combination of things as we move forward, John.
John Pancari: And do you have a way to help us estimate the magnitude in terms of how you're thinking about that targeted contribution from the RWA optimization strategies?
Andy Cecere: So the strategies that we have in place are reflected in the guidance that we provided. So that would not change that, and we'll continue to update that guidance, given the economic conditions and rates and the scenarios that we see. But as Terry mentioned, this is a priority for us, and we have a number of initiatives underway, which is the appropriate thing to do, because I think capital for all banks is going to be more precious as we think about the forward regulatory environment.
John Pancari: Got it. And then, just one more for me. And I know you mentioned in terms of other regulatory potentially coming down the pipe. You're already in the advanced phase of proposed rulemaking on the TLAC. And can you just talk about the other potential regulatory changes you see coming down the down the pipe? I know you had mentioned the AOCI efforts, but can you talk about potentially around FDIC or stress capital buffer, liquidity rules, anything on that front worth commenting on?
Terry Dolan: Yes. I mean, it could be a number of different things. I mean we talked about TLAC, I mean, just levels of capital. You hear them talking about domestically significantly important banks. So increase in the level of the stress capital buffer is another piece of it. I think another one will be around LCR. And then, in the CCAR process, I think that they'll incorporate, I would say, multiple to kind of go back to what they used to do. They'll have kind of multiple scenarios, but one will be kind of, what I would say, a traditional sort of stress test where unemployment goes up and rates come down. Another one will be more, I think, some form of stagflation, where rates stay relatively high and you experience the credit loss stress. And again, we've run a variety of different scenarios, and I think we feel like we would be able to withstand either one of those, just based upon our risk profile.
John Pancari: Got it. Okay. Thanks, Terry.
Operator: Next we can go to Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please, go ahead.
Terry Dolan: Hey, Gerard. Good morning.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning, Terry. Good morning, Andy. I have a narrower question. I think it was on slide eight. You guys talked about the impacts of deposits following March 8. The inflows that you referenced, did that come primarily in the Union Bank franchise? Because, obviously, it was located in California. I know you guys have been in California as well. And then second, was it more commercial versus consumer or more interest-bearing versus non-interest-bearing?
Terry Dolan: Yes. Maybe, in terms of the mix. So right after March 8, we actually saw a lot of account customer opening more so on the commercial corporate side, I would say, probably 70% on that side as opposed to on the consumer side of the equation, we saw inflows -- but again, that ended up getting offset by kind of seasonal flows within corporate trust as the rest of the month kind of progressed. The other thing that I would say is that, when I look at deposit net new customer accounts in -- specifically in California and the consumer side, we actually saw a nice increase or pop in March relative to previous months. So I think that we're actually probably seeing some benefits associated with that. And I think that addresses the questions that you had.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. And then over the years, you guys have always done quite well and underwriting your loan portfolio, you show up well in the CCAR tests over the years on credit. And so you don't have a very big exposure to commercial real estate. And I always find it interesting to talk to banks that don't have big exposures to a potential credit area that could be problem. What are you guys seeing in that commercial real estate area, particularly in the office portfolio? Any color would be helpful.
Andy Cecere: Sure, Gerard. So first of all, the rest of the portfolio is very stable. If you look at our charge-off rates and non-accruals and so forth in the numbers around credit metrics, the rest of the portfolio is stable and starting to normalize, but normalizing as we expected. I do think the area of focus for all of us is office within real estate. And I do think there's some activity occurring there with tenants, behavior changes, sponsor behavior changes. That is going to cause some pressure in the industry because of maybe an acceleration of what we thought was going to be a little longer process occurring more rapidly. So you can imagine that we're very focused on it as well. We have not put on a lot of CRE office over the last many years. We've been very, very conservative around that. So as you say, we don't have a large exposure, but I do think it's an area of a lot of emphasis and focus because I do think there are going to be pressures occurring.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you.
Operator: Next we can go to Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Terry Dolan: Good morning, Ebrahim.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Good morning. I had a follow-up question. I think you briefly mentioned about I think AOCI hedges against if rates spiked. I was wondering, Terry, if you can elaborate on that. We've seen the five-year come back again in the last few weeks. Just what's the downside risk to capital or just an increase in AOCI if rates spiked another 50 basis points? And just talk to us in terms of the extent to which you expect to hedge against that?
Terry Dolan: Yeah. So again, we've been taking a number of different actions in order to dampen the effect. As I said, selling securities were appropriate, shortening the duration, which we did very nicely, I guess, in the first quarter. And then putting in place pay fixed swaps against the long end of the curve. So dampening the effect of a move -- I meant up of rates in both -- for example, in the five and 10-year sort of space. We -- if rates moved up 50 basis points, obviously, AOCI would be impacted to some extent, but we've dampened that quite a bit over the course of the last couple of quarters.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Understood. And just going back to deposit betas. I think you talked about 40% relative to 34% this quarter. I mean I'm sure you all do a ton of analysis on where terminal betas might end up. But what's the downside risk? I mean, we've obviously had a shock to the system, Fed funds being 5% plus. What's the risk? How do you handicap the risk of that 40% beta actually turning out to be something much higher, maybe closer to 50%.
Terry Dolan: Yeah. We've done a lot of different analysis. And I mean, you are right. The competition for deposits is getting stronger. We've taken that into consideration. We're seeing over 5% in some markets. Generally, it is smaller banks where that is occurring, community markets, those sorts of things. And that's because for those entities, that's their primary source of funding. And so that's going to occur. But all of that has been kind of taken into consideration in terms of looking at that 40% deposit beta. If you end up looking at our business, again, in terms of who we end up competing against, et cetera. But while we end up looking at and tracking is, especially on the institutional corporate side of the equation is money market rates and those sorts of things. Right now, that's kind of in the high fours. And our deposit pricing is very competitive with that, which is why it gives us confidence with respect to both flows and the deposit betas that we've articulated.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. I mean you don't see a major shift in consumer and retail deposit pricing today versus maybe at the start of the year?
Terry Dolan: Yes. It's going to depend. I mean, obviously, it depends upon the rate environment. I mean, if the Fed, for example, goes up another 50 or 100 basis points from here, that would put more pressure on deposit betas. But if you end up looking at the market implied or even up a bit, I still feel pretty comfortable with where we're at.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And next, we can go to Matt O'Connor with [indiscernible] Bank. Please go ahead.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Matt.
Matt O'Connor: It's Deutsche Bank. You've got very strong reserves to loans on a stated basis. I guess, first, can you remind us what the impact is if you adjust it for the Union Bank loans that were marked at fair value when you took them on? -- if you have that handy?
Terry Dolan: Yes. I missed the first part of the question. Andy, do you?
Andy Cecere: I think, Mike, you're trying to understand -- or Matt, you're trying to understand the -- if Union Bank has an impact on our reserve to loans ratio and what it is. I don't think it has a major impact.
Terry Dolan: Not a significant one.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. And then just broadly speaking like as you think about the rest of the year, I mean, you're obviously taking your best guess on reserves at the current period at your thoughts on.
Terry Dolan: Hey, Matt. Sorry. It's hard to hear you.
Matt O'Connor: Sorry, can you hear me better now?
Terry Dolan: That's better. Yes. Thank you, Matt.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. Sorry about that. I was just asking about the outlook for the loan loss reserves from here in your base case.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So our expectation is that, again, Andy has talked about the fact that we're preparing for any economic sort of outcome that might exist. I think if you end up looking at the consensus in the marketplace, some form of recession, probably a softer or moderate sort of recession late this year, early next year. And if you look at the market implies, I would kind of tie into that. When we go through our reserving process, we look at multiple scenarios. We wait to the conservative side. We look at five different scenarios. We make assumptions with respect to that. Only 35% of it's weighted towards what I would call the base case and the rest of it is downside. So we feel pretty good about where reserve levels are. Obviously, if we saw economic shock above and beyond kind of what is being expected that might be a little bit different. But we feel pretty good about how we're thinking about it.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. Great. And then maybe if I could just squeeze in on spending trends throughout 1Q, you guys, through your payments business, obviously see a lot. Just any observations on kind of trends throughout the quarter? And maybe any comments so far in April? Thank you.
Terry Dolan: Yes. In our Payments business, we continue to see pretty strong sales, 10%-plus, for example, in our payments merchant processing business, a very strong mid to high single-digits with respect to our corporate payments business. The -- if you end up comparing any of these things to pre-pandemic is through the roof. So, we continue to see a good spend in the business. I would say that after the market disruption, there was a bit more softness in retail sales which we're going to continue to watch. It's really too early to tell whether or not that's a trend or whether that was really some of the concerns around the market disruption, but we'll continue to watch that. Andy, what would you add?
Andy Cecere: Yes. And that is still growing to math, but it's just growing at a lower rate, particularly in retail. Airline spend continues to be very, very high, which is a little bit of the reason that we have a differential between sales growth and in revenue growth because the airline spread is a little thinner. So, travel continues to be strong. Retail came down a bit, but still growing.
Matt O'Connor: Great. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Sure.
Operator: Next we can go to Chris Kotowski with Oppenheimer & Co. Please go ahead.
Andy Cecere: Yes, good morning Chris.
Chris Kotowski: Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. You've given us a lot of good detail on the AFS side. I just wonder if you could discuss a little bit how you anticipate managing the held-to-maturity portfolio. Do you also plan to let that kind of burn down and shorten? And I'm curious just given that that's a lot of mortgage backs and that they are principal payments each month. How quickly does that portfolio burn down, or do you see the need to maintain a lot of duration there just in case we get another decline in rates?
Terry Dolan: Yes. Yes. I mean, obviously, we look at both sides of the equation. The burn down on the HTM side simply because of the nature of it is really more tied to how quickly you see payoffs and what the duration of that ends up looking at. I think as we look at the size of the investment portfolio, et cetera, will take into consideration what level of duration we want to have in that -- in the HTM portfolio, but that's going to be more a function of just pay downs and payoffs over time.
Chris Kotowski: Yes. But I mean -- just I guess a question directionally in the next couple of quarters, you'd probably let the duration shorten and the size of the portfolio burn down left to your own devices.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Yes. Absolutely. Yes.
Chris Kotowski: Okay. All righty. Thats it from me. Thank you.
Terry Dolan: Thanks Chris.
Operator: Next we have Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin: Hey guys. Good morning. First question, I just want to ask you on credit. On an adjusted basis, your charge-offs were 30 basis points this quarter. And per the comments you made earlier, about CRE and some of the data we see in the release about delinquencies and NPAs increasing. What's your outlook for charge-offs as we go forward versus the 30 basis points that we saw in the first?
Terry Dolan: Yes, I mean our expectation is that 30 basis will continue to normalize throughout the year and into 2024, probably on a similar sort of pace. I think it's 23 basis points in the fourth quarter. So, I think that, that will continue to kind of move up as the year progresses, just part of normalization.
Ken Usdin: Yeah. Understood on that. Okay. And then just coming back to the full year guide. Obviously, you made a modest adjustment which is well expected given the change in the rate outlook. We can back into that, I think it's mostly on the NII side, just given that that's where seemingly some of the changes were versus the prior outlook. But can you just kind of refresh us and just give us kind of just some underlying thoughts of NII growth versus fee growth and any changes you had on, if any, on the fee side versus your prior outlook? Thank you.
Andy Cecere: To your point, most of the changes were in NII, and it's a function of the rate curve, the rate environment, the expectation about rate increases as well as the deposit pricing that Terry made reference to in the beta of approaching 40%. So most of the change was in NII.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And then so just last follow-up. So then embedded in your fee outlook for the year is pretty decent growth, it would seem then. And are you expecting that to still be mostly driven by the payments business, or are there other areas that you're expecting to see some good growth in?
Andy Cecere: We have a great diversity of revenue sources and they're all doing well. So payments is up approaching double digits, 9% of year-over-year basis, as Terry talked about, spend levels are good. We have had a bang of a quarter in our Commercial Products group across the categories, and that is doing just terrifically in this environment and just driving revenue growth as well. Trust is doing well. So  and mortgage. So that's the value of a diverse revenue stream. There are many different sources of revenue and fee income.
Ken Usdin: Got it. Understood. Thanks, guys.
Andy Cecere: Thank you.
Operator: Next we go to Vivek Juneja with JPMorgan.
Andy Cecere: Hi, Vivek.
Vivek Juneja: Hi, Andy. Hi, Terry. A couple of just clarifications, I think you all mentioned that accretion from the deal, Andy, is going better than you had expected any. I know you've talked a lot, just trying to pull this all together, where are you seeing it better thus far?
Andy Cecere: Yeah. So -- and we talked about this, Vivek in the fourth quarter that the expectation of that 8% going through 11% and the returns actually better. So if I look at it in the big picture, when we initially thought about the deal, Union Bank had a $2.9 billion or so revenue base and a $2.6 or so billion -- $2.3 billion expense base, so 600 PPNR and you look at the first quarter, and it's double that. So the revenues are stronger, principally because of the value of deposits in this rate environment. The expenses are a little less, and our expectations on our efficiencies are continuing to be on plan. So all that adds up to a higher accretion.
Terry Dolan: Net higher accretion in the net purchase accounting is actually negative given the car deposit intangibles. So it's very strong.
Vivek Juneja: Right. And that's before you even finish the integration that you -- I mean, that's not until second quarter anyway.
Terry Dolan: Yeah.
Andy Cecere: That's right.
Terry Dolan: That's correct.
Vivek Juneja: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we can go to Erika Najarian with UBS.
Erika Najarian: Yeah. Sorry, to prolong the call. I just had one follow-up question. Andy, I asked the question in a compound way, so I apologize. But if you think about accreting to over 9% CET1 by year-end, how would you stack rank dividend growth as a priority?
Andy Cecere: Dividend growth continues to be a priority, Erika. So our expectation is we would have continued growth in the dividend. The dividend growth numbers not hugely material to the capital accretion math. If you go through the numbers on that, that is a relatively small component of a negative downturn in capital. So that expectation that I talked about includes the expectation of a strong dividend.
Erika Najarian: Thank you.
Operator: And next over to Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities.
Andy Cecere: Hey, Mike.
Mike Mayo : Hi. Hey, last quarter, you mentioned your reserves were for an environment with 6% unemployment. I was wondering if you had an update for that. And given CECL accounting, does that mean you're reserving done before the recession has even started, or how do you think about that? And what about the release of reserves the extent you stay down this low charge-off range even with some of the normalization?
Terry Dolan : Yes. Well, I think we'll wait and see what ends up happening given the uncertainty that's in the economy regarding the last bit of it. But yes, I know we had said that it was the weighted average. At the peak, it was -- peak quarter was about a little over 6%. It's about 5.9% today is kind of what our weighted average case kind of comes up to. So very similar to what we had before.
Mike Mayo : Okay. And your outlook for the economy, soft recession, hard landing, kind of what you're thinking?
Andy Cecere : So Mike, we expect a soft recession, a moderate recession later half of this year. But as Terry mentioned, our CECL accounting is assuming a sort of a two-thirds downturn, one-third base case. So we are reserved to a little bit more downward scenario.
Mike Mayo : Okay. Thank you.
Andy Cecere : You bet.
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time. I will now turn it back to George Anderson. Please continue.
George Anderson : Thank you for listening to our call. Please contact the Investor Relations department if you have any follow-up questions.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference. Thanks for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the U.S. Bancorp Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately 11:00 A.M. Central Time. I will now turn the conference call over to George Andersen, Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
George Andersen: Thank you, Brad and good morning everyone. With me today are Andy Cecere, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Terry Dolan, our Vice Chair and Chief Financial Officer. During their prepared remarks, Andy and Terry will be referencing a slide presentation. A copy of the presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at usbank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on page two of today's presentation, in our press release, our Form 10-K, and in subsequent reports on file with the SEC. Following their prepared remarks, Andy and Terry will take any questions that you have. I will now turn the call over to Andy.
Andy Cecere: Thanks George. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining our call. I'll begin on slide three. This quarter, we completed the acquisition of MUFG Union Bank on December 1st. In the fourth quarter, we reported $0.57 per diluted share or $1.20 after adjusting for notable items related to the acquisition. This was a complex quarter that included one month of Union Bank results, merger integration charges, and balance sheet optimization activity. Terry will provide more details on these notable items. Importantly, we ended the year with a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 8.4%, which was just above our expected level at deal close and we delivered positive operating leverage for U.S. Bancorp legacy operations of 230 basis points for the full year. Strong year-over-year pre-tax provision income growth as adjusted for notable items was driven by net interest income growth and positive operating leverage. Credit quality remains strong, although credit metrics are starting to normalize as expected. Slide four details are reported and adjusted income statement results as well as end-of-period balances and other performance metrics. End-of-period assets for the company totaled $675 billion, reflecting the acquisition of Union Bank and certain balance sheet optimization actions. Slide five highlights key performance ratios. This quarter, we delivered a return on average assets of 1.2%, a return of average common equity of 16.8%, and a return on tangible common equity of 23.4%, each as adjusted for notable items. Turning to slide six. The completion of the Union Bank acquisition marked a significant milestone for our company. With double-digit percent increases in loan and deposit balances, Union Bank adds meaningful scale to our business that enables us to better serve our customers and communities. Union contributes considerable small business and consumer market share in a demographically attractive California market, and we're excited about the potential to deepen existing Union Bank relationships by overlaying our leading digital capabilities and robust product set, including wealth management, consumer and business banking and payments offerings across a loyal but under-penetrated consumer base. In many ways, this deal underscores our commitment to creating a stronger, more competitive regional banking organization in a rapidly evolving environment. One of the more attractive aspects of this transaction is Union Bank's high quality, low cost consumer deposit franchise, which will support continued loan growth and margins. Let me turn the call over now to Terry, who will provide more detail on the quarter.
Terry Dolan: Thanks, Andy. If you turn to slide 7, as Andy mentioned, we reported diluted earnings per share of $0.57 for the quarter or $1.20 per share after adjusting for notable items related to the acquisition. Notable items related to Union Bank acquisition are comprised of three primary elements that reduced earnings per share by $0.63 related to balance sheet optimization, merger and integration costs, and the impacts of -- on provision expense related to acquired loans and actions taken to optimize the balance sheet. During the fourth quarter, the company recognized a one-time $399 million pre-tax loss on a net basis related to several actions taken to optimize the balance sheet, manage the interest rate volatility impact on capital levels and position the company for future growth. Subsequent to obtaining regulatory approval for the transaction, we entered into interest rate hedges to manage rate volatility and its related impact on regulatory capital from the date of approval through the closing of the transaction in December. During that time frame, long-term interest rates increased nearly 50 basis points before declining approximately 65 basis points. The interest rate swaps were terminated at the time of closing, and the losses recognized through earnings largely offset the interest rate marks recorded into the balance sheet through purchase accounting. In addition, the company optimized its balance sheet by selling certain loans and repositioning its investment portfolio on certain equity investments. Within non-interest expenses, we incurred merger and integration related charges of $90 million that primarily included the impact of specific deal closing costs, professional services and employee related expenses. We also incurred a $791 million charge to the provision for credit losses, which reflects an initial provision impacted by the acquisition of $662 million and a net loss of $129 million related to the securitization of approximately $4 billion of legacy indirect auto loans. Again, these moves enabled us to more effectively position the balance sheet for profitable growth and optimize returns. Slide 8 provides a more detailed earnings summary. Union Bank, which was included in our consolidated results for one month, contributed $302 million of revenue, $221 million of non-interest expenses, $81 million of operating income and $44 million of net income to the company, representing $0.03 per diluted share. On slide 9, end of period loans increased 13.3% on a linked-quarter basis to $388 billion, which included core loan growth and acquired loans from Union Bank. Union Bank contributed ending loan balances of $54 billion net of purchase accounting adjustments, partly offset by a reduction in balances of $15 billion related to balance sheet optimization actions, including loan sales and securitizations. Slide 10 provides end-of-period deposit balance composition. End-of-period deposits increased 11.4% on a linked-quarter basis to $525 billion driven by the acquisition, which contributed $86 billion of lower-cost deposits, and actions taken as a result of the deal to optimize our funding sources. On a core basis, we saw deposit balances decline slightly this quarter. Turning to slide 11. The investment securities portfolio grew 4.2% linked quarter to $170 billion. The addition of securities from Union Bank were offset by balance sheet optimization actions. Slide 12 highlights revenue trends. Adjusted net revenue totaled $6.8 billion in the fourth quarter, which included revenue contribution of $302 million from Union Bank, primarily representing net interest income. For legacy US Bancorp, net interest income grew 5.5% on a linked-quarter basis and 29.2% year-over-year driven by strong earning asset growth and net interest margin expansion, which benefited from rising interest rates. Results were partially offset by higher deposit pricing and short-term borrowing costs. Non-interest income, as adjusted for the legacy company, declined 3.0% compared to the third quarter driven by seasonally lower payment service revenue and lower commercial product revenue, offset by stronger mortgage banking revenue. Year-over-year, legacy adjusted non-interest income declined 5.5% driven by lower mortgage banking revenue from reduced refinancing activity and lower servicing charges, offset by stronger payment services revenue and trust and investment management fees. Turning to slide 13. Adjusted non-interest expense totaled $4.0 billion in the fourth quarter, including $221 million from Union Bank. Included in expenses was approximately $42 million of intangible amortization due to core deposit intangibles established at the time of the acquisition. Legacy non-interest expense, as adjusted, increased 3.8% on a linked-quarter basis largely driven by higher compensation-related expenses as well as higher expenses related to professional services, marketing, technology and tax credit amortization. Slide 14 shows credit quality trends. We reported total net charge-offs for the quarter of $578 million. After adjusting for acquisition impacts and the balance sheet optimization activities, net charge-offs totaled $210 million or 0.23% of average loans, up from 0.19% in the third quarter, which reflected the continuing normalization of credit losses. Non-performing assets for the legacy bank increased slightly, while Union Bank contributed $329 million to the total. On a combined basis, the reported ratio of non-performing assets to loans and other real estate was 0.26% at December 31, compared with 0.20% at September 30, and 0.28% a year ago, reflecting a continued strong credit quality. The provision for credit losses was $1.19 billion, which included a provision of $791 million related to the acquisition and balance sheet optimization activities. This provision includes an initial provision impacted by the acquisition of $662 million and $129 million related to our balance sheet optimization activities. The allowance for credit losses as of December 31st totaled $7.4 billion or 1.91% of period-end loans, which reflects increased economic uncertainty and the incorporation of the Union Bank portfolio. Slide 15 highlights the drivers of our linked-quarter common equity Tier 1 capital position. As of December 31st, our CET1 capital ratio was 8.4%. Acquisition impacts of 180 basis points included an increase in goodwill and other intangible assets that reflected the impact of credit and interest rate marks, the initial provision for credit losses, balance sheet optimization actions, as well as the increase in risk-weighted assets with the addition of Union Bank. These impacts were partially offset by an increase to equity related to shares issued to MUFG as part of the purchase price of Union Bank. Slide 16 provides our current expectations of certain financial metrics related to the transaction. The financial and strategic merits of the deal remain intact and are very attractive. Earnings per share accretion is now expected to be 8% to 9% in 2023, which is higher than originally estimated. While our tangible book value per share dilution is higher than initially estimated due to the significant impact of rising interest rates on the interest rate marks at close, our estimated earn-back period is only slightly longer than our original estimate at two years versus our original estimate of 1.5 years. Slide 17 provides a comparison of credit and net fair value marks from the time of our announcement to closing. Credit marks are lower due to favorable changes in portfolio composition and credit quality, partially offset by economic deterioration. Interest rate marks, inclusive of loans, securities net of sales, and debt, are higher than anticipated at announcement due to higher interest rates, but we expect that to accrete quickly back through earnings. The core deposit intangible is also higher than originally estimated, reflecting the increased value of lower-cost core deposits in a higher rate environment. I will now provide first quarter and full year 2023 forward-looking guidance, which is provided on slide 18, starting with the first quarter 2023 guidance. We expect average earning assets of between $605 million and $610 billion in the first quarter and the net interest margin that is five to 10 basis points higher than the fourth quarter level. Total revenue is estimated to be in a range of $7.1 billion to $7.3 billion, including approximately $100 million of purchase accounting accretion during the quarter. Total non-interest expense as adjusted is expected to be in the range of $4.3 billion to $4.4 billion, inclusive of approximately $125 million of core deposit intangible amortization related to Union Bank. Our income tax rate as adjusted is expected to be approximately 22% to 23% on a taxable-equivalent basis. We anticipate merger and integration charges of between $200 million and $250 million for the quarter. I will now provide guidance for the full year. For 2023, average earning assets are expected to be in the range of $610 billion to $620 billion with net interest margin expansion of between five to 10 basis points compared with the fourth quarter of 2022. Total revenue is expected to be in the range of $29 billion to $31 billion, inclusive of between $350 million to $400 million of full year purchase accounting accretion. Total non-interest expense as adjusted for the year is expected to be in the range of $17 billion to $17.5 billion, inclusive of approximately $500 million of core deposit intangible amortization related to Union Bank. Our estimated full year income tax rate on a taxable equivalent basis as adjusted will be approximately 22% to 23%. We expect to have $900 million to $1 billion of merger and integration charges in 2023. I will now hand it back to Andy for closing remarks.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Terry. We accomplished a lot this past year, including the completion of the Union Bank acquisition and a strong legacy PPNR growth supported by positive operating leverage on an adjusted basis. Union Bank adds significant scale to our business and deepens our commitment to serving customers and creating economic opportunities for communities across the West Coast. We continue to target a Memorial Day weekend systems conversion, incorporating a lift-and-shift approach to our applications, which mitigates risk and allows us to more quickly capture meaningful cost synergies. There is still a tremendous amount of economic and geopolitical uncertainty, and we are preparing for any scenario. I believe we will perform well because of the strength of our business, a strong balance sheet and the great team we have. As we've proven during previous economic downturns, our business model is resilient and recession ready in large part due to our disciplined through the cycle credit underwriting standards and robust risk management infrastructure. Our consumer clients are predominantly prime, super prime, and our commercial book is generally investment grade, and we have very little leverage lending commitments. We are focused on prudent balance sheet growth, high return, high margin opportunities and the prudent allocation of capital to lines of business and products best served to deliver on our strategic objectives. Our growth strategy is focused on creating value for our customers, communities and shareholders, which allow us to generate industry leading performance. Let me close by saying thank you to our 77,000 employees across the company, including our newest colleagues from Union Bank. Your dedication and commitment are what make US Bank special and the destination of choice for all the constituents we serve. We'll now open up the call for Q&A.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And we can first go to Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Andy Cecere: Good morning Scott.
Terry Dolan: Hi, Scott.
Scott Siefers: Maybe a question for you. Just at the top level, was hoping you could speak to what balance sheet and capital management will look like for you. So you're still under $700 billion in assets. But any thought on limiting growth, or will there be additional sales or securitizations to help keep you under there? And then, I guess, on repurchase, I know we're on pause until we get back to the common equity Tier 1 target. But with the looming category move up, would there be any thought to hold off longer than that just to sort of see what happens? Just any thoughts on either of those would be great, please.
Andy Cecere: Scott, I'll start. This is Andy and Terry will add in. So first of all, we're not limiting growth in the company. We  one of the reasons we positioned the balance sheet and took the optimization actions we talked about, Terry went through, was to allow for profitable growth. It also was related to the credit box that we manage within as well as the returns that some of those categories of assets that we securitized were returning. So those are all allowing us to grow in a profitable way in the future. As we talked about before, we not expect to cross the threshold of a Cat II until the earliest at the end of 2024, and that's into the new category at that time. And if we have any further balance sheet optimization actions in securitizations, they would be very nominal and not material in nature. Terry, what would you add?
Terry Dolan: Yeah. No, I would just again reiterate, we're ready to be able to adopt Category II by the end of 2024. But there's no real cap. We wouldn't expect any real significant balance sheet optimization from here. And we spent a lot of time positioning the balance sheet for growth as we go forward.
Scott Siefers: Wonderful. And then just sort of thoughts on repurchase as well? I know, we're on pause for now, but it's still sort of a crush mark, so would be curious to your thoughts?
Terry Dolan: Yeah, Scott. So as we've said in that, we continue to expect that. We are starting about a good spot, about 8.4% CET1. We expect that to creep up to at or above 9% by the end of next year, and it continue to accrete 2023 and continue to move up from that particular point. So one of the things, we'll do is once we get to above 9%, we'll have to make an assessment as to all the different things that are happening out there from a regulatory perspective. I mean, you have the regulators looking at Basel III and are having to think about Category II and those sorts of things. But I think it's really going to be based upon what the landscape at that particular point in time looks like. But certainly, in terms of our core CET1, it will create nicely throughout 2023.
Scott Siefers: Wonderful. All right. Appreciate all the thought. Thank you.
Terry Dolan: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Next, we can go to Erika Najarian with UBS. Please go ahead.
Erika Najarian: Hi. Good morning.
Terry Dolan: Good morning.
Erika Najarian: And thank you for all the detail that you gave us on the slides. My first question is on the cadence of the cost synergies as it relates to your expected Memorial Day weekend conversion. So first clarification question, the 35% cost synergies, is that a target for full year 2023? And what is that cadence like? Do we expect very little in cost synergies until Memorial Day weekend and then an acceleration in cost synergy capture as the systems converge?
Terry Dolan: Yeah, Erika, great question. And just to confirm, our expectation is that of the $900 million of cost synergies, we'll see about 35% of that next year in 2023. And so from a cadence standpoint, with the Memorial Day conversion, the vast majority of those cost synergies will start to really kick in subsequent to that system conversion. So smaller during the first half of the year much more significant of that 35% in the second half of the year.
Erika Najarian: Got it. So the  so in other words, we should anticipate an exit rate by 4Q 2023 of well above 35%?
Terry Dolan: Yes. By the time we get to the end of the fourth quarter, we will have incorporated the vast majority of the cost synergies such that by the time we get to 2024, we will be in a good position to have achieved 100%.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And my follow-up question is on the economic outlook. If you could remind us what is being captured in the legacy U.S. Bank reserves in terms of the GDP and the unemployment outlook. And how are you thinking, based on that outlook, charge-offs for legacy U.S. Bank would trend as we anticipate -- it seems like a lot of your peers are anticipating a mild recession from here.
Terry Dolan: Yes, I would say that our expectations are probably consistent with that sort of a thought process. When we are thinking about the reserve, our base case is that there is a mild recession probably in the second half of the year and that unemployment ticks up and GDP is either relatively flat or down a bit. When we go through the reserving process, as we've said in the past, we end up looking at five different potential scenarios all the way from a base case to a severe sort of recession. And I would say that from a reserving perspective, we're a little bit weighted towards that downside scenario, so a little bit more conservative. From a charge-off perspective, our expectation kind of using the baseline of about 23 basis points in the fourth quarter that, that will continue to normalize throughout the year. We'll see both the delinquencies and charge-offs moving up. But to kind of give you some perspective, our pre-pandemic was at 50 basis points. We probably don't see that until sometime into 2024.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you.
Terry Dolan: Thanks Erika.
Operator: And next, we can go to Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Terry Dolan: Good morning Mike.
Mike Mayo: Hi. Hey good morning. I just wanted to clarify. So, you made your positive operating leverage in 2022 over 200 basis points. If you back into the numbers, I'm getting positive operating leverage year-over-year all-in of somewhere between, I don't know, 100 to 900 basis points. I'm not sure if that's correct. And if you back in the numbers, what do you get? And why the such big variance in the revenue guide? That's a $29 billion versus $31 billion. And why is the margin still increasing five to 10 basis points in the fourth quarter? That's a bit more of an improvement versus others.
Andy Cecere: I'll start on a couple of things and then Terry will add in. So, let me sort of go backwards on your questions. The margin is increasing principally because of the value of the low-cost deposits that Union Bank brings on. We talked about that a lot, Mike, and $85 billion of principally consumer low-cost, stable deposits in this environment is very valuable in driving up that margin on a quarterly basis. And that's reflected in that five to 10 basis points. We did achieve 230 basis points of positive operating leverage in 2020 -- hearing a little bit of background.
George Andersen: Hey Mike, we're getting a little background. Can you mute your line? Thanks.
Andy Cecere: We did achieve 230 basis points of positive operating leverage in 2022. We would expect to achieve continued positive operating leverage into 2023. But 2023 is going to have the merger-related charges in it as well. So I'm looking at it on a core basis. And Terry, what would you add?
Terry Dolan: Yes. Just maybe kind of coming back to the net interest margin, we expect see lift related to Union Bank coming on, that five to 10 basis points and then from there, kind of flattish to maybe moderate increase or expansion in net interest margin through the rest of the year. But clearly, deposit betas and things like that are going to accelerate a bit in 2023.
Mike Mayo: And as a follow-up, look, U.S. Bancorp had been a low cost producer for a long time. It looks like you're going to trend back in that direction. So it sounds like you still have no change in expected synergies. I get it, Union Bank is performing better, and that's why the accretion you had brought higher, the 8% to 9%. But still no change in expected synergies from the acquisition? And then separate from that, Andy, you mentioned in December that the big tech investment cycle is now turning positive versus being a drag the last five-or-so years. If you could elaborate on that? Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Sure, Mike. And you're right, we still are projecting, as Terry went through, $900 million of cost savings, 35% in 2023, 100% fully implemented in 2024. Importantly, we have not in the guidance that we provided, provided any revenue synergies. So it's without revenue synergies, which we think there are going to be some particularly after the integration and conversion process. We are past the heavy spend on tech. You're right, we're more of a flat line and starting to gain the benefits of that. And part of the benefit of this transaction is leveraging the investments we've made in the company over the last three or four years to allow us to lift and shift to our technology platform in a very low cost way. So that benefit is driving through the synergies that we talk about.
Mike Mayo: Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Thanks Mike.
Operator: And now we'll go to John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Andy Cecere: Good morning John.
Terry Dolan: Hi John.
John Pancari: Good morning. So on the credit metrics, I know you indicated that you're starting to see normalization in charge-offs and delinquencies. I want to see if you can elaborate a bit more. In what income cohorts are you seeing the normalization? We're hearing from some of the consumer finance players that they are seeing some normalization impacting -- or moving beyond just the non-prime and low income but into prime and super prime? And also what asset classes are you seeing the normalization most obviously? Is it just on the card side or in other asset classes? Thanks.
Terry Dolan: Yeah. I mean I -- this is Terry. So maybe to address your first question in terms of where we're seeing it and maybe as a reminder, from an underwriting perspective, we focus on prime, super prime really in all of our consumer portfolios. To the extent that we're seeing delinquencies starting to tick up, it's more so in the credit card space. And you're right; it would be probably on the lower bands as opposed to the upper bands at this particular point in time. But one of the things we talked about is that when you look at savings or excess savings from a consumer perspective, they're fairly significant. That is coming down as that's coming down; people are revolving more on their credit cards. And I think it's just kind of a natural progression that we are seeing. And again, starting more with the unsecured and the credit card portfolio, not as much with respect to the other portfolios yet. But as things continue to normalize, we would expect that too.
John Pancari: Okay. Thanks. Terry, that's helpful. And then I guess related, how does this development in consumer behavior and your macro assumptions as well, how does that impact your expectations for your payments revenue and your card revenue and merchant processing revenue as you look out through the year, considering the macro dynamics? Thanks.
Andy Cecere: Yeah. So the payments revenues, you saw, still is well above pre-COVID levels. The card spend is 25% above. On a year-over-year basis, we're plus 5%. So spend continues to be strong. The categories of spend are shifting a little bit. And we would expect continued strong spend, but moderating a bit as we go into the rest of 2023 for the reasons that Terry mentioned. But still expect growth but again, probably more moderate in nature as we go forward and the savings level start to normalize and the consumer behavior starts to change.
Terry Dolan: Yeah. And the thing that I would end up adding, John, is that one of the things we've talked about in the merchant processing is that, we think that business is kind of a high single digits and when we look at 2023, that's kind of our expectation for that particular business. Relative to 2022, we anticipate that our credit card revenue or card revenue will strengthen a bit in terms of year-over-year comparisons. And that is primarily because prepaid sales and prepaid revenue, which has been a drag, kind of starts to moderate. And then on the corporate payment card business, we continue to think that that's going to be reasonably strong, certainly high single digits, if not low double digits. And that's  we're continuing to see travel and entertainment recover very nicely in that particular space. So we feel pretty good about the payment revenue trends for 2023.
John Pancari: Great. Thank you, Terry. Appreciate it.
Terry Dolan: Yep.
Operator: Next, we go to Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Hey, good morning.
Terry Dolan: Good morning, Ebrahim.
Ebrahim Poonawala: I just want to follow up one on credit. So you talked about consumer. Looking at the CRE slide, just if you don't mind talking  sharing your perspective around the CRE book, if you're beginning to see any softening either in certain markets, maybe California or within the office CRE book, which is about 10% of loans.
Terry Dolan: Yeah. I mean, maybe at a high level, certainly from a CRE perspective, valuations, I think, are moderating to some extent. The areas that we have had probably the greatest focus on if you will, is really office space. And that is really probably as much tied to return-to-office sort of behaviors or patterns. And I think that, that is probably a longer-term sort of structural adjustment that's going to end up happening. We're just going to have to watch it over time. But when we just kind of look at the core CRE portfolio, it continues to perform pretty well from a credit perspective at this particular point.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. And I guess, just one separate question around payments. When you think about in your slide, you mentioned about some of the tech investments and partnerships. Just give us a sense of  remind us around competitive positioning for USB, how you're thinking about just market share outlook and from this partnership standpoint, like areas of like secular growth that you see in this business?
Andy Cecere: Yeah. As you mentioned, we've made a lot of investments in tech-led activity, and our tech-led investments have led to that being the principal area of growth for the merchant processing categories. And then on the card side, the partnership's component continues to be an important strength for us and a point of growth as we look forward. So those two areas, tech-led on merchant and partnerships on card, are doing well and it's partly due to the investments we've made over the past few years.
Ebrahim Poonawala: And is the strategy there to just build this in-house, or do you see more kind of bolt-on acquisitions within that business?
Andy Cecere: Many of the investments we made are internal investments that we've developed our capabilities and our platforms to allow for different activities and allow for integration with some of the software that the company has used to run their business. We've added as well, as you know, miscellaneous M&A acquisitions that -- you said bolt-ons like Atellic or Bento that add capabilities around the edges. And I think we'll continue to do a little of both as we look forward.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Good. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Sure.
Operator: And we can go to Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please go ahead.
Terry Dolan: Morning Gerard.
Andy Cecere: Morning Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Hi Andy, hi Terry, congratulations on closing the deal. Question for you, Terry, on the balance sheet optimization where you guys decided to sell off certain loans that were acquired. Can you give us some color on types of credits were in those sales? And why would they chose -- I know they didn't meet your credit profile, but what was the driver of that -- I mean some of the details of the credit profiles?
Terry Dolan: Yes. Maybe as a starting point, when we thought about the balance sheet optimization, the things that we were thinking about is really repositioning the balance sheet to position ourselves for growth going forward to be able to optimize or improve profitability and looking at profit margins across various portfolios and returns and then the risk profile. So, maybe from a risk profile perspective, we ended up looking at Union Bank portfolios that we end up acquiring, and there were a couple of different areas that we focused on. One is that they had acquired a number of loans related -- or through a lending club channel, if you will. And that was something that we had planned to run off over time originally when we looked at the deal. And we made a decision that when we looked at the kind of the credit risk profile, how it's originated, et cetera, that we thought that taking care of that upfront made a lot of sense. The other area that we ended up selling was some commercial real estate in their particular portfolios in order to be able to kind of bring that concentration down a bit. And then the other areas of optimization was more on the U.S. Bank side. We ended up looking at lower-margin indirect auto loan portfolio. We securitized about $4 billion associated with that particular portfolio. And then the other things that we ended up looking at in the C&I book of business and across kind of our corporate space is just relationships that maybe had lower returns associated with it, where we could optimize that. And so we allowed some of that to run off, so to speak, during the quarter. And those were the primary areas of focus with respect to the balance sheet optimization. Last thing I would maybe say on the investment portfolio side is that we ended up selling about $15 billion of securities, the vast majority of that coming from Union Bank. And that was really to kind of -- think about it from an interest rate risk perspective, HTM perspective, et cetera. But that was the other area where we did some balance sheet optimization.
Gerard Cassidy: Terry, where there -- in the corporate loans, were there any shared relationships, meaning you had an exposure to XYZ company as the Union Bank and the total was maybe too much and you guys decided to take that down as well?
Terry Dolan: Yes. Exactly. So, maybe from a risk perspective, looking at hold levels or concentrations with respect to specific customers, yes, that was a part of the strategy.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then just as a follow-up, you guys obviously gave us very good detail on your slides. And on the credit quality, slide 14, you give us the breakout in the net charge-offs, and you show us the reported number at 64 bps versus your core legacy number of 23 basis points. If I pull out the $189 million from the optimization, it looks like the net charge-off ratio is around 43 basis points, including the Union Bank numbers. Is that the level we should gear ourselves to for 2023 now that Union will be fully implemented into your business?
Terry Dolan: Yeah. Let me clarify. So it's 64 basis points on a reported basis, 23 basis points on a core basis. And there's two components to that core; the balance sheet securitization that I talked about that you articulated. But then under CECL, what you end up having to do is you have to recapture loans that they have charged off you have to make an assessment. And then if you believe that, that charge-off was appropriate, you have to charge that off on day one, so to speak. And there was about $173 million of charge-offs related to those -- to that kind of day one effect associated with CECL. So there's really kind of three components. But 64% on a reported basis, 23% on a core basis. And when we think about going forward, I would use the 23 basis points as the start point, and that's about $210 million worth of core charge-offs.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you for clearing that up. I appreciate it.
Terry Dolan: Yeah.
Operator: And next, we can go to Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Betsy Graseck: Hi, good morning.
Terry Dolan: Hi, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: Hi and congratulations from my end too. And the deck is super clear. I really appreciate all the effort to make it simple and straightforward. So a couple of questions for me, just to follow-up on the discussion we just had. Could we also talk a little bit about how we should think about the reserving level as we go through 2023 and into 2024? Because like you said, you've got the fair value marks, you had to do the day, you had to do the add as per the CECL rules. So does reserve ratio stabilize from here? Does it actually inch down? Is there a scenario in which it would move higher? Could you just frame out how we should think about that? Thanks.
Terry Dolan: Yeah. I mean, obviously, it is impacted by a lot of different things in terms of how economic uncertainty ends up changing and the mix of the portfolio, how it might change. But as we think about 2023, I think that, that 191 basis points is probably a good -- is a good metric throughout the year. It might inch down a little bit. But I think that, by and large, we feel pretty comfortable with that as we think about 2023 based upon our base case, so to speak.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then I have one other question on the growth of the balance sheet. I know you addressed this a bit before. But when I look at the 2023 guide versus 1Q 2023, it's a slower growth rate than I think we're used to seeing at USB. So maybe you could help us understand, is this a moderated growth rate during the integration phase and maybe second half that should accelerate up, or is this the level of growth that we should anticipate? And then if you don't mind, I have just a couple of ticky-tackies on the purchase accounting and the CDI and how we should expect that steps down into 2023 and 2024.
Andy Cecere: Sure. Betsy, this is Andy. So first, on the growth rate, I think 2022 had exceptional loan growth across many categories, led by commercial as well as CRE. So what we would see is that more normalizing. You're starting to see that in the fourth quarter. And I think the other fact is that, the growth rates are impacted by average balances and some of the optimization activity that we took down in the fourth quarter. It was a partial quarter in the fourth quarter, full quarter in the first quarter and the rest of 2023. But the principal driver is a function of loan demand, which is moderating a bit across most categories. So it's still growing but a less than what we saw in 2022.
Terry Dolan: And then, Betsy, maybe related to your second question, which was around the recognition of the core deposit intangible over time, probably the way that I would think about it is that, it's  it will amortize into income over about a 10-year period. It will step down, and probably a good way of just modeling it is assuming kind of a sum-of-the-years digit sort of approach.
Betsy Graseck: And same thing for PAA, or how should we think about that? I mean PAA, I know it's different, but PAA change
Terry Dolan: Yeah. So that's tied, obviously, to the life of the loans. And it will end up being impacted by prepayments and all sorts of things. If you end up looking at their portfolio that we acquired, about half of it is residential mortgage and half of it is corporate in shorter term. So probably, if you ended up looking at an average life of four, five years, four to six years, that sort of time frame, then of course, that will also accrete probably a little bit faster on the front end.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Thank you for that.
Terry Dolan: Yep. Thanks, Betsy.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Vivek Juneja with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Terry Dolan: Good morning, Vivek.
Vivek Juneja: Hi. Good morning. Congratulations. A couple of questions. The tangible book value recovery, the crossover and the fact that you'd recover that back quickly, can you just give any color on sort of what's the key driver of that? Is it just simply earnings, or is there something else underneath that also that's going to help that come back so quickly?
Terry Dolan: Yeah. It's principally the accretion effect that we're going to see with respect to Union Bank, the marks and the underlying earnings of the company.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. So the  because I just heard you say, the accretion  the question that Betsy asked, purchase current accretion that half the loans are mortgages. So that will take  come down, I guess, over more slowly? So is that part of it that pre-purchase accounting accretion is going to stay high for longer?
Terry Dolan: Yeah. No, I really think it's just  it really is the kind of the 8% to 9% accretion levels that we're expecting on 
Vivek Juneja: The UB side?
Terry Dolan: Yeah.
Andy Cecere: Yeah.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. Got it. Okay. A couple of other little ones. Deposits, the decline that you had in the balance sheet optimization I think it's pretty sizable, $24 billion. Is it all UB, or is it some of yours? And which types of deposits?
Terry Dolan: Yeah. It's a great question. From a deposit standpoint, when you think about kind of the optimization that we went through, we had kind of a focus on a couple of different things. We ended up looking at LCR ratios. We ended up looking at higher-cost deposits, whether that would be brokerage-type deposits or euro dollar deposits, those sorts of things. We made a very conscious decision after getting regulatory approval to kind of reposition that. On the Union Bank side, the one thing that I would point out is that, there's about $8 billion to $9 billion worth of deposits that came over that were more transitionary. And over time, those will transition back to their global investment bank as those customers, kind of, migrate. So, about half of that migrated in the fourth quarter, and I would expect probably the other half of that to migrate in early 2023. But those are kind of the things we ended up looking at with respect to deposit and deposit flows. So, it was really looking at trading out low-cost deposits -- or high-cost deposits for low-cost deposits that are coming over for Union Bank and then some of the Union Bank effect.
Vivek Juneja: And what was the OCI number at the end of the year? So, as we think about where -- the going to Category II, how quickly do you expect that to come down so that you can be in better shape?
Terry Dolan: Yes. So, OCI at the end of the year is about $8 billion, and the duration of the portfolio is a little over 5%. So, if you can kind of take a look at that, obviously, that's assuming that rates don't move from here. Our positioning from an investment portfolio perspective is about 52%, 53% HTM. We've also entered into some pay fixed swaps that in effect kind of get that up to the high 50s. So, we feel like we're in a pretty good position to be able to deal with -- if rates move up a bit or if rates come down, we have some flexibility there as well. So, we feel like we're in a pretty good spot.
Vivek Juneja: All right. Thank you.
Operator: And next, we can go to Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning. Can you talk about the pace of the capital build from the 8.4% to around 9% by the end of the year? And then also, if the macro is worse than expected and you have to build reserves more, I realize that doesn't move the capital that much. But obviously, everyone else is starting at a higher point of capital, and there is focus on how quickly you can get to that 9% or even higher. So, I guess the question is like what levers can you pull to kind of aren't that painful if you need a little bit more, such as issuing preferreds or some other assets that you could kind of exit without hitting earnings that much? Thank you.
Terry Dolan: Yes, I mean, obviously, Matt, from a balance sheet optimization perspective, we're going to be very focused on profitability, returns. And capital is precious. So, we want to make sure that we are dedicating our resources from an asset growth perspective in the right spots. The pace of growth from 8.4% to a little above 9% by the end of 2023, it's fairly ratable across the four quarters. Obviously, first quarter is going to be a little bit lower simply because we will not have seen the cost synergies, and we will be going through and incurring more merger-related costs probably in the earlier part of the year simply because of the timing of the system conversion. So, the pace is probably a little bit more weighted towards the back end. But that hopefully, Matt, kind of gives you some perspective. Again, I'd kind of come back from a reserve point of view, we feel like we look at a lot of different scenarios. We look at the five different approaches, one of which is a severe recession. We take that into consideration. We could see unemployment move up to around 6%, 6.5%, and we still feel like we would be in a pretty good spot from a reserving point of view. So, if it ends up getting -- if it ends up being at a level that's higher, then we'll have to focus on other balance sheet optimization activity.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. Thank you very much.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Matt.
Terry Dolan: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: And we'll go to Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Usdin: Good morning guys. First question, I just wanted to ask is just to follow on the outlook for the year. Can you just walk us through just your underlying assumptions for how NII just projects, if we just think about the core business and in terms of what deposit costs and betas do and how that impacts the underlying trajectory from this first -- from the fourth quarter of NII?
Terry Dolan: Yeah. So obviously, net interest income is going to be driven by the earning asset growth that we have in here as well as the margin expansion. We expect that margin expansion to take place five to 10 basis points in the first quarter because of the Union -- full quarter effect of Union Bank. And then again, our modeling is that the margin is -- reasonably moderates from there, reasonably flat, maybe up just a little bit. From a deposit point of view, clearly, deposit betas are going to accelerate. I think that's the reason why you'll see the moderation in terms of net interest income, or net interest margin expansion in the second half of the year. But keep in mind -- and again, this is kind of -- we see that in the first quarter. The Union Bank effect associated with the value of those deposits that we're bringing on, and we'll continue to look at opportunities to optimize the deposit portfolio.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And then just one follow-up on the deal impact. Can you just remind us what type of like amortization period you're using for both the purchase accounting accretion and the CDI in terms of like, is this the run rate that we keep around for a few years, or does that change as you look past 2023? Thanks.
Terry Dolan: Well, I think that, again, in 2023, we expect the purchase accounting accretion to be $350 million to $400 million and the CDI to be about $500 million. As I mentioned earlier, I think on the CDI, it steps down over time. But if you use a 10-year assumption and sum of years digits, I think that will get you from a modeling perspective pretty close to how I think it will end up amortizing off. The purchase accounting is really going to be tied to the asset lives because about half of it is mortgage and half of it is corporate and commercial, et cetera, and shorter-lived assets. I think you can think about that four to five-year sort of time frame, and it probably accretes down into a similar fashion, a little more front-end weighted.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Got it. Thank you, Terry.
Terry Dolan: Yeah.
Operator: And next, we can go to Chris Kotowski with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Terry Dolan: Hi Chris.
Chris Kotowski: Good morning. Hi. Following up a bit on Mike and Ken's questions. If I look at your very helpful slide 18 on the guidance and I take the midpoint of $7.1 billion to $7.3 billion revenue range and I day weight that to the full year, I kind of get the lower range end of the full year guidance. 29.2 is actually what I get. So that implies like a couple percent growth in the back half of the year, which again, I guess, is better than what a lot of banks are saying. And I'm wondering, is that just underlying loan growth or fee income growth, or is it the tag-ins of the benefits of rising rates, or what do you see driving that?
Terry Dolan: Well, again, I think you do see kind of the full year effect associated with rising interest rates kind of come into play. Fee revenue, on a legacy basis, as an example, we should see a little bit more of a tailwind next year as opposed to what we experienced this year. So I think that those are kind of coming into play. And then I think that just timing of being able to get cost synergies on the expense side.
Andy Cecere: Yeah. And I'd add, it's probably just mathematically, as you were talking about it, you're right. And it's a little bit of a growth in the earning asset that you see there going up from 605 to 610 to 610 to 620. That's number one. And then maybe going towards the high end of that range and net interest margin versus the mid or low end in the early quarters.
Chris Kotowski: Yeah. Well, it's interesting because if I do the same analysis on the non-interest expense side, you're at the high end of that. So it implies kind of nice growth in pre-provision earnings through the course of the year. So  but anyway, that's it for me.
Andy Cecere: All right.
Terry Dolan: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: And our last question in queue will come from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities.
Andy Cecere: Hey, Mike.
Q  Mike Mayo: AOCI, was it  I'm just going to remember here, $12 billion, now it's $8 billion? And where is it as of today?
Terry Dolan: AOCI overall is at $10 billion at the end of the year and expect it to come down from there.
Andy Cecere: At a lower level today, Mike.
Mike Mayo: And then, Andy, just can you pull the lens back a little bit? It's been a rough 3, 5 and 10 years when you look at operating leverage in stock, not last year on the operating leverage. But that comment you made in December and you addressed briefly, but you've been in this investment cycle multi-years. And now you said that, you're coming out of it or the drag is less or maybe the spending is less and the payoffs are more. Can you just give us more color on both the spending side and the payback side and where you've invested the most and where you expect that payback? Because it sounds like you're crossing a line based on your comments from December and that you reiterated today? Thanks.
Andy Cecere: Yes. Thanks, Mike. I think that's a fair representation. So we  our spend levels on pure CapEx were  grew from about $800 million to $900 million to $1.2 billion, $1.3 billion. And that growth has been in the run rate for the last couple of years. So you would not expect to see additional continued expense increase related to CapEx. Importantly, we also migrated that spend from about 60% defensive to 60% offensive. So the spend is on activities like digital capabilities, reaching customers, products and services and so forth. So all of that is what's coming through to right now, so a level set on the expense side plus a return on the investments from a revenue side. That, coupled with overlaying all that on the Union Bank customer base, is why we're projecting the numbers that we're giving you.
Mike Mayo: Okay. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: We do have time for one more question. And we'll go to John McDonald with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, John.
John McDonald: Good morning, guys. Hey. Just a couple of quick follow-ups. So Terry, where does the balance sheet repositioning and the merger leave you in terms of interest rate positioning? How would you describe it here, fairly neutral, a little bit asset-sensitive, where you're ending up now?
Terry Dolan: Yeah. I would say that, legacy US Bank is fairly neutral. When we add Union Bank on, it probably adds about 50 basis points of asset sensitivity in a 50 up sort of shock environment.
John McDonald: Okay. And then on the fee income, you said some more tailwinds this year, some helpers on legacy U.S. Bancorp. What are those on the fee income front? What are the helpers this year that you can grow fee income? Maybe just puts and takes on fees real quick.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Well, if you just kind of look at the different components, I think the payments revenue continues to be reasonably strong. I think that the expectation is the market comes back a little bit in terms of investment income. But deposit service charges, we saw a drag in 2022 because of some pricing changes we implemented in May. That starts to dissipate. So, I think it will be kind of a combination of things. But probably one of the biggest ones is just mortgage banking revenue. That has been a pretty significant drag, especially on a year-over-year basis. And in the fourth quarter, we actually started see that inflection point with linked-quarter revenue starting to come up, and we would expect that to be a little bit stronger as we go into 2023.
John McDonald: Okay, got it. And then the last clarification. I think on reserves, you said the 1.9% ratio looks pretty good for this year. And even if unemployment went to 6%, 6.5%, you'd be okay?
Terry Dolan: Yes. Again, we go through a lot of different scenarios and we take that downside into consideration and as part of kind of that weighted average process. We think 6%, 6.5% unemployment is already incorporated into our reserving process. So, -- but again, it all is going to depend upon what ends up happening, how severe the economic recession is, if there is one at all. So, I think there's just a lot of moving parts.
John McDonald: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time. I will now turn it back to George Andersen. Please continue.
George Andersen: Thank you for listening to our call. Please contact the Investor Relations department if you have any follow-up questions.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Thanks for your participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-14 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the U.S. Bancorps Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Andy Cecere, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Terry Dolan, Vice Chair and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately 11:00 a.m. Central Time. I will now turn the conference over to George Andersen, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
George Andersen: Thank you, Allan and good morning, everyone. With me today are Andy Cecere, our Chairman, President and CEO; and Terry Dolan, our Vice Chair and Chief Financial Officer. During their prepared remarks, Andy and Terry will be referencing a slide presentation. A copy of the slide presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at usbank.com. Id like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during todays call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of todays presentation in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Andy.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, George. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. Following our prepared remarks, Terry and I will take any questions you have. And I will begin on Slide 3. In the third quarter, we reported earnings per share of $1.16, which included $0.02 per share of merger and integration charges related to the planned acquisition of MUFG Union Bank. Excluding these notable items, we reported earnings per share of $1.18 for the quarter. During the third quarter, we achieved record net revenue totaling $6.3 billion. Third quarter results were highlighted by strong revenue growth, well controlled expenses and stable credit quality. This quarter, we added $200 million to our loan loss reserve, reflecting loan growth and are consistent through the cycle underwriting approach to risk management. At September 30, our CET1 capital ratio was 9.7%. Our tangible book value per share totaled $20.73 at September 30, or 3.2% lower than the prior quarter, driven by the impact of rising interest rates on our available-for-sale securities. Slide 4 provides key performance metrics. Excluding notable items, we delivered a return on average assets of 1.24% and a return on average common equity of 16.2%. Our return on tangible common equity was 21.4% on a core basis. Slide 5 highlights continued positive trends in digital engagement as consumer and business customers gain a deeper understanding of our digital capabilities and benefit from our digital plus human approach. Slide 6 shows progress across our digital and payments initiatives that are both deepening our core competencies and expanding our competitive advantage which we believe will drive meaningful profit and return referred penetration to our company. One example of our digital initiatives is our launch of Talech Register, a next-generation all in one payments and business analytics platform that is helping to bring greater simplicity, convenience and efficiencies to the point-of-sale for our business banking customers. On the right side of the slide, you can see the continued momentum we are gaining in real-time payments transactions. Year-to-date through September 30, the total number of transactions are 17x higher than the full year of 2020. Recently, we introduced an innovative real-time payment solution to auto dealers where we provide loan funds instantly after a loan contract is finalized. This gives our participating dealer clients greater control over cash flow and helps to improve their day-to-day operational efficiency. Turning to Slide 7, our business banking initiative continues to gain traction with steady progress both in growing accounts and expanding wallet share. Growth in relationships with both banking and payments products has continued to meaningfully outpace growth in total relationships over the past 12 months. Looking ahead, we expect recently launched in innovative offerings and development to help further deepen our existing relationships between business banking and payments customers. Now let me turn the call over to Terry, who will provide more detail on the quarter.
Terry Dolan: Thanks, Andy. If you turn to Slide 8, I'll start with a balance sheet review followed by a discussion of third quarter earnings trends. Average loans increased 3.9% compared with the second quarter, driven by 6.5% growth in commercial loans, 4.7% growth in mortgage loans and 6.0% growth in credit card balances. Commercial loan growth reflected increased business activity and higher utilization rates across both large corporate and middle market portfolios. Underlying demand remains healthy as we continue to focus on appropriate return opportunities to prudently deploy our capital. In the retail portfolio, we saw solid linked quarter growth and year-over-year growth in credit card balances, reflecting strong spending activity and lower payment rates. Purchase mortgage market share gains and lower prepayment activity continued to support residential mortgage balance growth. Turning to Slide 9, total average deposits increased slightly compared to the second quarter. Growth in total interest bearing deposits more than offset the impact of lower total noninterest bearing deposit balances as customers respond to the rising interest rate environment. Total average deposits increased by 5.9% compared to a year ago. Slide 10 shows credit quality trends, which continued to be strong across our loan portfolio. The ratio of nonperforming assets to loans and other real estate was 0.20% at September 30, compared with 0.23% at June 30 and 0.32% a year-ago. Our third quarter charge-off ratio of 0.19% improved slightly versus the second quarter of 2022 and third quarter of 2021 levels. The allowance for credit losses as of September 30 totaled $6.5 billion, or 1.88% of period end loans. The $200 million increase in our reserve this quarter was primarily reflective of loan growth and to a lesser extent uncertainties in the economic outlook. Slide 11 provides an earnings summary. In the third quarter, we reported $1.18 per share, excluding $0.02 per share of merger and integration charges related to the planned acquisition of MUFG Union Bank. Turning to Slide 12. Net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis totaled $3.9 billion, representing an 11.3% increase compared with the second quarter and a 20.6% increase from a year ago. Linked quarter growth was driven by strong earning asset growth and a 24 basis point increase in the net interest margin, which benefited from rising interest rates, partially offset by deposit pricing and short-term borrowing costs. Slide 13 highlights trends in noninterest income. Noninterest income decreased 3.1% on a linked quarter basis as declines in mortgage banking and treasury management revenues were partially offset by stronger corporate payments revenue and an increase in other noninterest revenue. Compared with a year ago, noninterest income declined 8.3% primarily due to lower mortgage banking revenue, reduced deposit service charges reflecting changes in our policies, and lower treasury management fees due to rising rates, partially offset by higher payments revenue and trust and investment management fees. The decline in mortgage revenue primarily reflected lower refinancing activity in the market, which continued to pressure total application volumes and the related gain on sale margins given excess industry capacity. In the third quarter, total payments revenue increased by 4.9% compared with a year earlier. Slide 14 provides linked quarter and year-over-year revenue growth trends for our three payments businesses. Because of the cyclical nature of our payments businesses, we believe year-over-year trends are a better indicator of underlying business performance in a normal environment. Credit and debit card fee revenue increased or decreased 0.5% on a year-over-year basis, as the impact of higher credit card and debit card volume was more than offset by continued lower prepaid card activity. Excluding prepaid card activity, which was elevated last year in connection with supporting unemployment programs, credit and debit card fee revenue would have increased 3.0% compared with the third quarter of 2021. The bottom half of the slide illustrates the year-over-year growth rates in both merchant processing and corporate payments fee revenue over the last several quarters. Third quarter merchant processing revenue increased 3.6% year-over-year. Growth was negatively impacted by unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates, given market volatility in Europe and specifically in the U.K. Excluding the FX impact, year-over-year growth in merchant fee revenue was approximately 9.4%. Slide 15 provides some additional information on our payment services business. On the right side of the slide you will see the continued strong momentum we are seeing in our tech-led revenue in partnerships within our merchant acquiring business. The key to that trajectory is the strong growth we have seen in new tech-led partnerships. Through the third quarter, new tech-led partnerships year-to-date were 2.5x the number of new partnerships we had acquired in the entire year of 2019. And these partnerships are continuing to grow. Turning to Slide 16, noninterest expense increased 1.9% on a linked quarter basis, excluding merger and integration costs associated with the pending acquisition of Union Bank. The change in expense was driven by higher compensation, professional services and marketing and business development expenses. Slide 17 highlights our capital position. Our common equity Tier 1 common -- our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio at September 30 was 9.7%. On Slide 18, I'll provide some forward-looking guidance for U.S. Bank on a standalone basis. Again, this guidance does not include any potential impact of Union Bank. Let me start with full year 2022 guidance which is consistent with our previous expectations. We continue to expect total net revenue to increase 5.5% to 6% in 2022 compared to 2021. We expect mid-teen growth in taxable equivalent net interest income, which is slightly improved from our previous outlook of low to mid-teens growth. We continue to expect a decline in fee revenue for the full year, primarily due to the impact of higher interest rates on mortgage revenue due to lower refinancings in the market. Lower deposit service charges due to pricing changes and a decline in other noninterest income. We continue to expect positive operating leverage of at least 200 basis points in 2022, excluding the impact of merger and integration related costs associated with the Union Bank acquisition. For the full year of 2022, we expect our taxable equivalent tax rate to be approximately 22%. I will now provide guidance for the fourth quarter. We expect both total revenue and total core expenses excluding merger and integration costs to increase by approximately 2% on a linked quarter basis. Net interest income will continue to be supported by earning asset growth and higher rates. However, our fee revenue will be lower reflecting typical seasonality and some of our fee-based businesses. Credit quality remains strong. Over the next few quarters, we expect the net charge-off ratio to remain lower than historical levels, but to normalize over time. Changes in the allowance for credit losses near-term will primarily reflect loan growth and changes in the economic outlook. If you turn to Slide 19, I'll provide an update on our previously announced pending acquisition of Union Bank. In September of 2021, we announced that we had entered into a definitive agreement to acquire the core regional banking franchise of MUFG Union Bank. We continue to make significant progress and planning for the closing of the deal in the fourth quarter of 2022, while we await regulatory approval. As you know, regulatory approvals are not within the company's control and may impact the timing of the closing of the deal. As a reminder, we expect to close on the deal approximately 45 days after being granted U.S regulatory approval. As previously discussed, we are targeting the conversion date in the first half of 2023. The financial merits of the deal remain intact. Our EPS accretion estimates are unchanged, and we continue to estimate the acquisition will generate an internal rate of return of approximately 20%, which is well above our cost of capital. The company's target CET1 capital ratio is 8.5%. Based on interest rates as of October 13, Our CET1 capital ratio at close would approximately -- would approximate 8.3%. We expect the CET ratio to increase towards 9% as the purchase accounting valuation adjustments accrete into capital through earnings. I'll hand it back to Andy for closing remarks.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Terry. The investments we have made and continue to make across our business lines are paying off in terms of improved customer experience, new customer acquisition and deeper relationships. Expense management is a priority and we continue to target positive operating leverage in 2022 and beyond. We look forward to closing on the Union Bank acquisition, pending regulatory approval. This is a unique opportunity at scale in one of our core markets, and we remain confident in the strategic and financial merits of the deal. The credit -- the current credit environment is benign. In fact, our net charge-off ratio in the third quarter remain near historic lows, and we are not seeing any meaningful early stage metrics that causes concern. That being said, we recognize the pressure points are building in several areas of the economy that could lead to stress in the future. Borrowing costs are increasing, inflation is high, savings rates are starting to decline and the stock market is well off its highs. So while the backdrop is favorable today, it would not be surprising to us to see an economic slowdown develop at some point driven by lower confidence levels, which may lead to reduced spending and business investment. There are a number of scenarios that may play out over the next several quarters. We are preparing for a range of possible outcomes by prudently managing credit, liquidity and capital, so that we continue to grow within our -- through the cycle risk management framework and deliver industry leading returns. In summary, our investments are paying off. We remain diligent stewards of capital. Our balance sheet is strong, and our focus is firmly fixed on managing the company for the long-term. I'll close by saying thank you to our employees. Your hard work and focus are doing the right thing for our customers and communities every day, its recognized and appreciated. We'll now open it up to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] John Pancari with Evercore is online for a question. Go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, John.
John Pancari: On your commentary around the CET1, falling to 8.3% a close, but need to get back up to the 9% before you resume buybacks. Can you give us a little more color on that in terms of timing around when you think you can reach that 9% with the PA accretion, and how we should think about the magnitude of buybacks at that time? Thanks.
Terry Dolan: Yes, thanks, John. So again, our expectation is a closing up 8.3%. But we do expect that will get to roughly 9% within about four quarters. And a big part of that will be, obviously, earnings growth driven by the accretion of the mark-to-market that will end up impacting earnings during that particular timeframe. So, our expectation and what we have been signaling in the past is that we would start our share buyback program once we get to that 9%. So, about four quarters.
John Pancari: Okay, all right. Thank you. That's helpful. And then just separately, can you just give more color on the payments trends that you're seeing both in the merchant processing and corporate payments businesses? And maybe if you could just talk about the potential moderation and activity there you could see as the economy reacts to the Fed action?
Andy Cecere: Yes, John, this is Andy, and it's interesting. From a credit card spend standpoint, while the categories of spend as we've talked about before have shifted a bit, the level of spend is still fairly strong, about 10% on a year-over-year basis and about 30% above pre-COVID levels. We did get impacted, as Terry noted in his prepared comments, by the FX rate of the pound in our merchant processing and excluding that our revenues would have been up -- just up over 9%. We can -- we -- as well sort of a related topic, we see -- for 2 years, we have seen our consumer deposit levels by account increase. And as we mentioned, last quarter, it's been flat for the second quarter and it's relatively flat, not down modestly here in the third quarter. So we would expect some moderation of spend, but we're not seeing it yet.
John Pancari: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
Andy Cecere: Thank you.
Operator: Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank is online with a question.
Andy Cecere: Hi, Matt. How are you this morning?
Nathan Stein: Hello, this is Nathan Stein on behalf of Matt O'Connor. I just want to follow-up quickly on the payments outlook. I think previously, you've talked about higher than normal year-over-year growth in the second -- in second half of this year before moderating to high single digits next year. Just to follow-up on what you were just talking about. Does that guidance still make sense in this environment?
Terry Dolan: Yes, I mean, our expectation is with respect to our payments revenues of high single digits and we think that based upon what we are seeing with respect to consumer spend at this particular point in time is that, is still very realistic. As Andy said, relative to pre-COVID, volumes continue to be very strong. And while there is a bit of a shift with respect to where that spend is occurring, it's still continuing. The other thing is that where -- if and when transaction levels start to tail off, I think the impact of inflation will have an offsetting effect. So we still feel pretty confident about it.
Nathan Stein: Okay, great. Thank you so much. That's helpful. And then one quick follow-up question. Can you just touch on the plan to manage the balance sheet post the deal closing whenever that is? I think total assets were just above $600 billion at the end of this quarter. And with Union Bank, it'll push you above the $700 billion threshold. So how are you thinking about that going forward?
Andy Cecere: Yes, our expectation is that we'll continue to manage the balance sheet in a very prudent way, looking for and supporting relationships that are higher profitable sort of relationships. Our expectation is that -- because I think where you're heading is really related to CAT II, our expectation is that the earliest that we would get into that category is the end of 2024. But our ability to manage risk weighted assets and balance sheet levels may extend that to some extent.
Nathan Stein: Thank you.
Operator: Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo is online with a question.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Mike.
Mike Mayo: Hi. I think at a recent conference, you said that you will not achieve as much synergies from Union Bank next year as you originally thought, but no change in EPS guidance. Did I hear that correctly?
Andy Cecere: Yes, that is correct. And if you think about the dynamics, Mike, while the timing has changed and the synergies associated with the $900 million of synergies that we expect to achieve when fully implemented, the timing will be offset to some extent by the accretion of the mark-to-market will be a little bit stronger. So we still feel pretty confident with respect to the accretion levels that we have guided in the past.
Mike Mayo: Right. So instead of 75%, you said 40% to 45%?
Andy Cecere: Yes, 40% to 50%.
Mike Mayo: 40% to 50% and 6% EPS accretive. So if you're getting less merger synergies next year than you originally thought and you have the same EPS guidance, are you de facto increasing the end result of expected accretion from Union Bank?
Andy Cecere: Yes, I don't think that we're moving off of our estimates that we have provided in the past at this particular point in time, I think we need to get beyond the closing, the approval and then the closing before we would -- I think would significantly change any estimates at this point.
Mike Mayo: Okay. And any early guidance for next year? Some other banks are giving some general kind of guideposts for 2023 in terms of operating leverage. And your guidance is saying this would be some of the best operating leverage in over 5 years, I guess. And just trying to figure out how confident you are in that continuing. I know you invested for a number of years in the tech infrastructure. And now you hope to capitalize on that at a time when business is coming back. But how much follow-through should investors expect for this positive operating leverage?
Andy Cecere: Yes, Mike, we're focused on positive operating leverage on a core basis and we'll continue to achieve that. Next year has a fairly large moving prior with Union Bank coming on. So that is going to be our top priority is to make sure we successfully convert and integrate that in this company, which will allow for more positive operating leverage, but that we haven't provided any guidance update on that yet.
Mike Mayo: All right. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Erika Najarian from UBS is online with a question.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Erika.
Erika Najarian: Hi. Good morning. Terry, I'm going to have to ask you about the 8.3% pro forma CET1 that you mentioned. Youre estimating at close. I think I didn't realize that there has been a significant conversation in the market that perhaps it has contributed to the 3 months underperformance with concern about the widening of the interest rate marks. So I think that announcement you were looking at a 50 basis point loan mark up on UB's loan portfolio that you're bringing over, given that a significant portion in that portfolio is resi. I think there was a lot of math being done in the buy side, that was, let's say, a 100 basis points lower than what you were giving us. So I guess my question here is, how is the Street getting the math wrong? Or are there protections that are built into the deal? Or are there hedges on UB's balance sheet that seems to be protecting your pro forma CET1 from a greater day one mark relative to how interest rates have moved since announcement?
Terry Dolan: Yes, I think it could be a combination of different things. I mean, for example, there is an expectation that they will deliver a certain level of tangible book value and to the extent that they're available for sale portfolio is impacted. Prior to the acquisition, there is kind of a make whole provision within the agreement related to the available for sale securities, so that is part of it. I think some of it could be just what the assumptions are related to the duration of the resi portfolio. And then again, we'll end up looking at and managing in this rate environment the balance sheet as prudently as we can to ensure that we're allocating capital to the appropriate businesses during this timeframe. So it's a combination of a different variety of different things, Erika.
Erika Najarian: Got it. So I guess that's the question -- as a follow-up question, that $6.25 billion that they have to deliver there's a make whole provision on the AFS portfolio, but not on the loan portfolio I'm presuming, is what you're saying, Terry?
Terry Dolan: That is true. Yes.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Is there -- and I'm presuming also there's a potential CDI offset at close that could help offset. But obviously that would be a higher amortization cost in day two and after?
Terry Dolan: Yes, I mean, it's a combination of a whole variety of things. I mean, it's not only the interest rate marks, but it's what is the loan portfolio look like in terms of overall quality relative to kind of what our original estimates were, we think that that is slightly better, the CDI. I mean you have to look at all of the different moving parts in terms of coming up with what we think the final impact of the mark-to-market is going to be.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you so much.
Operator: Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research is online with a question.
Bill Carcache: Thank you. Good morning, Andy and Terry. How are you?
Andy Cecere: Bill.
Bill Carcache: Hi. So we started nice remixing out of available for sale and held to maturity. I wanted to follow-up on that and more specifically whether there's room for you to take the mix of available for sale higher? It'd be helpful if you could just give some color on what guides your decision on how high the HTM mix can go?
Andy Cecere: Yes, great question, Bill. So, today we're currently at about 53% held to maturity versus available for sale. And we moved some securities in early July, when rates dipped, that allowed us to be able to kind of increase that percentage. The other thing that we take into consideration is the fact that with respect to the AFS portfolio, there's also floating rate securities that have very little impact with respect to AOCI. So when you end up combining that together, it's about 60%, that is protected, substantially protected for movements in interest rates. So think about it almost as a 60-40 sort of split in terms of the sensitivity to interest rates. And is there opportunity? I mean, we'll continue to look at whether that makes sense, relative to our balance sheet positioning. But at least right now we feel pretty comfortable with that mix. It gives us the AOCI protection as well as some flexibility with respect to managing the balance sheet. And then the other thing you have to kind of think about is that, we have Union Bank that hopefully we'll be closing on here in the fourth quarter. And that ends up influencing decisions that we make with respect to the positioning of the balance sheet. And excuse me, of the securities portfolio, and then also with respect to deposits, we're going to have a significant amount of deposits coming on and that's going to help us as well.
Bill Carcache: Very helpful. And separately I wanted to follow-up on funding and more specifically, the decrease in noninterest bearing deposits. Is it reasonable to expect that your mix of noninterest bearing deposits is going to gradually revert to pre-COVID levels as the Fed proceeds with QT? Maybe if you could address that, if you have any views sort of at the industry level and then specifically for USB?
Andy Cecere: Yes, well, I certainly think that QT is going to put pressure on deposits overall. And as interest rates rise, you'll continue to see a shift out of noninterest bearing toward interest bearing, whether -- when I think that the assumption with respect to pre COVID may make sense, depending upon how much they bring their balance sheet down, et cetera, how much liquidity they leave in the system. With respect to us, it probably -- if I had to make estimates, I would say that it probably stays a little bit better than where it was pre-pandemic in part because we've grown our consumer portfolio, which tends to offset that. And then we've also worked hard to focus within our corporate trust business on retaining those deposits that are more operational in nature. And as because they're more operational in nature, they tend to be more interest bearing -- noninterest bearing as opposed to interest bearing.
Bill Carcache: That makes sense. And sticking with that theme, in terms of the mix of debt relative to your overall funding, that's still well below fourth quarter '19 levels. Can you speak to the likelihood that we should expect that to gradually remix to -- back to pre-COVID levels?
Andy Cecere: Yes. Again, I think the broad assumption would be fair, but again, keep in mind that Union Bank is going to be coming on. And they have a significant -- they actually have a higher percentage within their deposit base, its consumer based. And so I think you have to kind of look at the entire mix. And I think we're going to be -- U.S Bank, I think, specifically is probably going to be in a better position than we were pre-pandemic.
Bill Carcache: That's great. Finally, if I could squeeze in one last one. Could you speak to your ability to bring off balance sheet money market funds back on balance sheet, maybe some of the dynamics surrounding that?
Terry Dolan: Yes, great question. So, currently, we have about 100 -- roughly $130 billion in money market funds. And that is a business that's very tied to our Institutional Investor Services business. Based upon what we need to do from a funding perspective, we have the ability from a pricing point of view to bring that back on balance sheet, or off balance sheet, but it's pricing decisions that then influence customer behavior. And it is a great source for us from a funding standpoint as there is more pressure in deposits going forward.
Bill Carcache: Great. Thank you for taking my questions.
Operator: Gerard Cassidy with RBC is online with a question.
Andy Cecere: Hey, good morning, Gerard.
Terry Dolan: Hi, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Hi, Terry. Hi, Andy. Terry, I think in your comments you talked about the residential mortgage business and the gain on sale margins were lower. And I think you reference, there's still excess capacity in that line of business. Can you share whats your outlook? You've seen some of that capacity coming out in the fourth quarter, if rates remain elevated for the purge over the refi activity, of course, being negatively affected by elevated long-term rates?
Terry Dolan: Yes, we certainly are seeing capacity come down in the industry, I think you'd seen various announcements of bank and non-bank mortgage operations, kind of pulling back or reducing capacity. I think it probably still needs to reset to some extent, what's happening with rising rates and the impact that it might have on both refinancing as well as home sales. But we do see it coming down. Our expectation is that gain on sale margins stabilize and probably for us improve a bit. In the third quarter, our gain on sale was down maybe a little bit more than what we had anticipated. But about half of that, excuse me, about half of that is really driven by the mix between correspondent and retail, and the other half of it, which is really more revenue recognition, some timing issues and some secondary kind of market valuation issues, which we think will reverse a bit.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. I saw when we looked at your average loan portfolio, obviously, you've had some very nice growth and seen a very strong growth year-over-year. We're hearing some market chatter and I don't know if it's just the equity REITs are squawking, but apparently the commercial real estate mortgage business might be a little more or less liquid today. Any color that you guys can offer on what you're seeing in commercial mortgage real estate? Is it an area that you're pulling back some? I know you had growth, but maybe some color and insights on what you're hearing and seeing and what your views are for that business?
Terry Dolan: Yes. Certainly with respect to commercial real estate, it's an important business for us, and one that will continue to be very focused. And I think part of it is just dynamics in the marketplace. If you end up looking at large corporate REITs sort of financing, I -- we continue to lend in that particular space, we actually probably saw some growth in the third quarter. But we do know homebuilders are starting to pull back, and even making decisions to maybe pull out of potential projects they were planning on doing. And then in the middle market space, in terms of commercial real estate, it's actually still from a pricing standpoint, pretty competitive. And people extending terms associated with that and that's the space that we're not comfortable with at this particular point in the cycle. So we're seeing a little bit of a pressure maybe in the middle market space, but we're fine with that.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. Thank you.
Terry Dolan: Thanks, Gerard.
Operator: Ken Usdin with Jefferies is online with a question.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Usdin: Hey, good morning, Terry. Thanks. I want to just ask a little bit more on the whole outlook for deposits. I know you talked about the mix. Just wondering just what you guys are seeing given the fact that you have a little bit of a different mix versus most of the peers in terms of any updates and what you're thinking about where betas eventually go to, just given that we're in a completely different rate regime than we might have all thought 6 months ago?
Terry Dolan: Yes. Well, maybe I'll kind of start just by reiterating if we end up looking at the mix of our deposit base, it has changed a little bit relative to maybe what we were 3, 4 years ago, et cetera. Certainly we went through the last rate rising cycle, a little stronger consumer, a little more focus around operational deposits within our Trust business, et cetera. Trust is also on a relative basis represents only about 15% of our deposit base today. And then again, think about Union Bank coming on and you know some of the dynamics that that will bring. But coming back to deposit betas then maybe with that context, we're actually performing probably better than what we might have expected. I think deposit betas were about in the second quarter about 30% coming up from about 20%. We would expect that to be maybe in the high 30s as we get into the fourth quarter. But certainly as rates continue to rise and the Fed continues to be very aggressive, it's going to migrate to higher percentages. Our through the cycle estimate right now it's still kind of mid 30s, though, we kind of think about the entire rate cycle that we're going through.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And then as a follow-up to that, so as that plays forward, you're still expecting good NII growth into the fourth quarter. I know you're giving '23 guidance, but just can you help us understand like what is the gives and takes to make? Can you still grow NII post the fourth quarter sequentially? Or is it just a reality check about some of these mix and beta functions that make that tougher?
Terry Dolan: Yes, well, I think that we can continue to grow NII as we get beyond the fourth quarter. What I would say, though, is that probably the pace of growth changes in the industry. And that'll be a function of -- it'll be a function of the deposit betas changing. And the loan growth that, certainly the industry has been experienced, I think is very strong. I don't know whether it'll keep that particular base as we kind of continue to move forward.
Ken Usdin: All right. Understood. Thank you, Terry.
Operator: Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley is online with a question.
Betsy Graseck: Hi, good morning.
Andy Cecere: Hey, Betsy.
Terry Dolan: Hey, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: On your own securities [technical difficulty], it would be helpful -- maybe you could give us a sense as to how we should be thinking about the pull to par in AFS book, like, if I know it's a big F, but if rates don't change from here, or how many quarters or years is it that we should be breaking into our models?
Terry Dolan: Yes, well, I think what we have said is that the duration of the portfolio is a little over 5 years. So if you think about -- if you think about that, I think that probably gives you some guide with respect to how AOCI kind of comes into the capital equation.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. So it should -- it's like a longer than 5-year period?
Terry Dolan: Yes, a little bit longer, but not much.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And is there anything you're thinking about with regard to restructuring the books once Union Bank comes on?
Terry Dolan: Yes, it's -- again, we'll take a look at all the balance sheet and kind of see where it makes sense. We do expect that we might remix the securities portfolio when it comes on. We may end up increasing HTM as a result of what we bring over et cetera. So it is definitely something we will take a look at.
Betsy Graseck: And then just separately on the consumer lens that you have in the payment side, could you just give us a sense as to what you saw on 3Q? I know 3Q tends to be a relatively strong quarter for you. Any changes in behavior, any insights as to how you think 4Q will end up shaping up?
Andy Cecere: So, Betsy, the consumer spend levels overall continue to be strong, they were up and credit card spend about 10% on a year-over-year basis, about 30% above pre-COVID levels. The mix of categories has changed a bit consistent with what we've talked about before, a little bit away from hard goods to more services and a little bit away from non-discretionary -- to non-discretionary from discretionary. So that shift in spend that we have been discussing continues, but the overall levels are also still very strong.
Betsy Graseck: And the savings levels of the consumers are hanging in there?
Andy Cecere: Yes, Betsy. So I mentioned that we saw increases across all stratas of balances for about 2 years, but the last two quarters have been stable across all the category. So not growing anymore, but not shrinking dramatically as well.
Betsy Graseck: All right. Thanks so much.
Andy Cecere: You bet.
Terry Dolan: Hey, Ken, I just want to clarify something with respect to deposit betas just to make sure that I've got the percentages right. The deposit betas in the second quarter were about 20%. Deposit betas in the third quarter were just shy of 30%. And we would expect that increase to continue as rates rise and to accelerate a bit -- and again probably in the high 30s when we get into the fourth quarter.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I will now turn it back to George Andersen. Please continue.
George Andersen: Thank you for listening to our earnings call. Please contact the Investor Relations department if you have any follow-up questions.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-15 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the U.S. Bancorps Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Andy Cecere, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Terry Dolan, Vice Chair and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately 11:00 a.m. Central Time. I will now turn the call over to Jen Thompson, Head of Corporate Finance and Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp. You may go ahead, Jen.
Jen Thompson: Thank you, Cheryl and good morning everyone. With me today are Andy Cecere, our Chairman, President and CEO and Terry Dolan, our Chief Financial Officer. During their prepared remarks, Andy and Terry will be referencing a slide presentation. A copy of the slide presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at usbank.com. Id like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during todays call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of todays presentation in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Andy.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Jen. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. Following our prepared remarks, Terry and I will take any questions you have. I will begin on Slide 3. In the second quarter, we reported earnings per share of $0.99, which included $0.10 per share of merger and integration charges related to the planned acquisition of MUFG Union Bank. Excluding these notable items, we reported earnings per share of $1.09. We achieved record net revenue this quarter totaling $6 billion. Second quarter results were highlighted by strong revenue growth driven by robust net interest income and fee revenue and stable credit quality. Revenue growth was driven by strong growth in earning assets and the benefit of rising rates as well as good underlying business activity and customer acquisition trends across our fee businesses. Additionally, our multiyear investments in digital payments and technology are paying off in the form of strong top line growth and enhanced efficiency. This quarter, we added $150 million to our loan loss reserve, reflecting strong loan growth and our consistent through-the-cycle approach to risk management. Our credit quality remains strong and we are not seeing any trends in early stage metrics that cause us concern. At June 30, our CET1 capital ratio was 9.7%. Based on the results of the Federal Reserves 2022 stress test that were published in June, we announced that we expect to be subject to a preliminary stress capital buffer of 2.5%, unchanged from the current level. We believe our industry leading results demonstrate our ability to withstand a severe economic downturn, which is a testament to the strength, quality and diversity of our balance sheet and our prudent approach to managing risk. Slide 4 provides key performance metrics. Excluding notable items, our return on average assets was 1.16% and our return on average common equity was 15.3%. Our return on tangible common equity was 20.5% on a core basis. Slide 5 highlights digital trends and engagement. I will now turn to Slide 6. We believe our digital capabilities and our complete payments ecosystem are competitive advantages that will drive meaningful profit and return differentiation for our company over the next several years. Our state-of-the-art digital capabilities have not only created a more effective and valuable experience for our customers, but they have allowed us to expand our distribution reach beyond our physical infrastructure while optimizing our existing branch network. On the left side, you will see that the success we are having with our State Farm partnership, which is driving more customers, more loans and more deposits to our platform in a cost effective way. The chart in the middle highlights the strong trends, the uptake of our talech point-of-sale functionality, which allows small business customers to manage their banking and payments needs in a simple, easy-to-use format that we provide in the form of a dashboard. And on the right, you will see the momentum we are gaining in real-time payments transactions, which through the midyear 2022 are 10x higher than the total number of transactions we saw for the entirety of 2020. We are excited about the secular growth opportunities we see across all of our business lines fairly, but Id like  but one area Id like to highlight on Slide 7 is our business banking initiative, which is really starting to gain traction. On the left chart, you will see that the opportunity we have previously discussed to connect our banking customers with our payments, products and services and our payments customers with our banking products and services. The chart on the right shows the progress we are making in growing accounts and expanding wallet share. Growth and relationships with both banking and payments products has meaningfully outpaced growth in total relationships over the past 12 months. And its worth noting, we are still in the early innings. Now, let me turn the call over to Terry who will provide more detail on the quarter.
Terry Dolan: Thanks, Andy. If you turn to Slide 8, I will start with a balance sheet review followed by a discussion of second quarter earnings trends. Average loans increased 3.6% compared to the first quarter, driven by 6.9% growth in commercial loans, 4.1% growth in credit card and 3.6% growth in mortgage loans. Commercial loan growth reflected increased business activity and higher utilization rates across both large corporate and middle-market portfolios. Pipelines are strong going into the third quarter and working capital needs remain elevated. In the retail portfolio, we saw good growth in credit card balances, reflecting strong spending activity and typical seasonal trends. Purchase mortgage, market share gains and lower prepayment activity continue to support residential mortgage balance growth. Turning to Slide 9, total average deposits increased by 0.5% compared with the first quarter. Growth in interest-bearing deposits more than offset the impact of lower balances of non-interest-bearing deposits, reflecting the rising interest rate environment. Total average deposits increased by 6.4% compared with a year ago. Slide 10 shows credit quality trends, which continued to be strong across our loan portfolios. The ratio of non-performing assets to loans and other real estate was 0.23% at June 30 compared with 0.25% at March 31 and 0.36% a year ago. Our second quarter net charge-off ratio of 0.20% improved slightly versus the first quarter level of 0.21% and was lower compared with the second quarter of 2021 level of 0.25%. Credit performance across our commercial and retail portfolios continues to be strong. On a linked-quarter basis, both early and late-stage delinquencies decreased for the total portfolio. Our allowance for credit losses as of June 30 totaled $6.3 billion or 1.88% of period-end loans. Slide 11 provides an earnings summary. In the second quarter, we reported $1.09 per diluted share, excluding $0.10 per share of merger and integration charges related to the planned acquisition of MUFG Union Bank. Turning to Slide 12, net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis totaled $3.5 billion, representing an 8.3% increase compared with the first quarter and a 9.5% increase from a year ago. Linked quarter growth was driven by strong earning asset growth and a 15 basis point increase in the net interest margin. Slide 13 highlights trends in non-interest income. Non-interest income grew 6.3% on a linked-quarter basis, but declined by 2.7% from a year ago as lower mortgage banking revenue more than offset strong performance in other fee businesses. The decline in mortgage banking revenue primarily reflected lower refinancing activity in the market which continues to pressure total application volumes and related gain-on-sale margins. In the second quarter, total payment fee revenue increased by 9.7% compared with the year earlier, reflecting strong underlying business trends supported by investments we are making. Slide 14 provides linked quarter and year-over-year revenue growth trends for our three payments businesses. Because of the cyclical nature of our payments businesses, we believe year-over-year trends are a better indicator of underlying business performance in a normal environment. Credit and debit card revenue increased 0.8% on a year-over-year basis as the impact of higher credit and debit card volume was offset by lower prepaid card activity. Excluding prepaid card revenue, credit and debit card revenue  fee revenue would have increased 10.1% compared with the second quarter of 2021. Year-over-year credit and debit card revenue growth rates continue to be negatively impacted by the decline in prepaid card revenue as the benefit of government stimulus has dissipated. We provide detail on prepaid card revenue over the past five quarters in the upper right hand quadrant. While prepaid card revenue is approaching a run-rate on a linked quarter basis, it will impact year-over-year credit and debit card revenue comparisons through the end of 2022. The bottom half of the slide illustrates the strong year-over-year growth rates in both merchant processing and corporate payment fee revenue over the past last several quarters. While we expect the year-over-year growth rates to moderate from current levels, we continue to believe that both merchant processing and credit and corporate payment fee revenue can grow at a high single-digit pace on a year-over-year basis in a post-pandemic environment. Slide 15 provides some additional information on our payment services businesses. On the right side of the slide, you can see that the strong momentum we are seeing in tech-led revenue growth within our merchant acquiring business. In the second quarter, tech-led merchant revenue, which accounted for 27% of the total merchant acquiring revenue, was 13% higher than a year ago and 43% higher than the comparable 2019 period. A key to that trajectory is the strong growth we have seen in new tech-led partnerships. In the second quarter, new tech-led partnerships totaled 1.6x the number of new partnerships we acquired for the entire year of 2019 and we continue to add to that customer distribution baseline. Turning to Slide 16, non-interest expense increased by 0.7% on a linked quarter basis, excluding merger and integration costs associated with the pending acquisition of Union Bank. The change in expense was driven by higher compensation expense, marketing and business development expense and other non-interest expenses partially offset by lower employee benefit expense and other expense categories. The higher compensation expense was driven by the impact of seasonal merit increases and 1 additional day in the quarter as well as variable compensation tied to revenue growth. Slide 17 highlights our capital position. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio at June 30 was 9.7%. As a reminder, at the beginning of the third quarter of 2021, we suspended our share buyback program due to the pending acquisition of Union Bank. After the closing of the acquisition, we expect to operate at a CET1 capital ratio of approximately 8.5%. We continue to expect that our share repurchase program will be deferred until our CET1 ratio reaches 9.0% following the pending deal close. On Slide 18, I will now provide some forward-looking guidance for U.S. Bank on a standalone basis. This guidance does not include any potential impact from Union Bank. Let me start with the full year 2022 guidance. We have updated our interest rate expectations to be consistent with the market expectations. We continue to expect total net revenue to increase 5.6% compared with 2021. Given our revised interest rate assumptions, we now expect low to mid-teen growth in taxable equivalent net interest income compared with our previous estimate of 8% to 11%. We expect higher rates to pressure mortgage application volumes more than previously anticipated, which will negatively impact our mortgage banking revenue. We now expect fee income to be slightly lower for the full year of 2022 compared with our previous expectation that fee revenue would be stable. We continue to expect positive operating leverage of at least 200 basis points in 2022, excluding the impact of merger and integration-related costs associated with the Union Bank transaction. For the full year of 2022, we expect our taxable equivalent tax rate to be approximately 22%. Now, I will provide guidance for the third quarter. We expect total revenue to grow 3% to 5% on a linked quarter basis. In the third quarter, we expect linked quarter non-interest expense growth of 2.3%, excluding merger and integration-related costs as we prepare for the Union Bank transaction. Credit quality remains strong. Over the next few quarters, we expect the net charge-off ratio to remain lower than historical levels, but will continue to normalize over time. Adjustments to our loan loss reserve in the near-term will primarily reflect loan growth and changes in the economic outlook. If you turn to Slide 19, I will provide an update on our previously announced pending acquisition of Union Bank. In September of 2021, we announced that we had entered into a definitive agreement to acquire the core regional banking franchise of MUFG Union Bank. We continue to make significant progress in planning for closing the deal in the second half of 2022, while we await regulatory approval. As you know, regulatory approvals are not within the companys control and may impact the timing of the closing of the deal. As a reminder, we expect to close on the deal approximately 45 days after being granted U.S. regulatory approval. Because this timing would likely indicate a late third quarter or early fourth quarter close, we believe it is prudent to shift the system conversion date to the first half of 2023. The financial merits of the deal remain intact. Our original EPS accretion estimates are unchanged and we continue to estimate the acquisition will generate an internal rate of return of approximately 20%, which is well above our cost of capital. I will hand it back to Andy for closing remarks.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Terry. Our second quarter results were supported by solid account growth, deepening of existing relationships and strong business activity across our banking and fee business lines and we are well positioned as we head into the second half of the year. Credit quality remains strong and we continue to prudently manage operating expenses even as we invest in our digital initiatives, our payments capabilities and in our technology modernization. In closing, Id like to thank our employees for all they do and we look forward to welcoming Union Bank employees to our company. I remain confident in the strategic and financial merits of this transaction and the meaningful benefits that will accrue to our customers, our communities as well as our shareholders. We will now open up the call to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Scott Siefers from Piper Sandler. Your line is now open.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question.
Terry Dolan: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Siefers: I was hoping  apologies if I missed any of this in the prepared remarks, but  so it was nice to see overall deposits up a bit. The mix is changing just a bit as you go forward, I guess, but maybe thoughts on major sort of what you would expect in overall deposit balances as we go forward, how the mix might change and any thoughts on what you are seeing with pricing pressures on funding costs?
Terry Dolan: Yes, Scott. Certainly, with the quantitative tightening thats taken place, I think the growth rates with respect to deposits in the industry will be relatively stable or maybe even down a little bit. But our expectation, at least in the near-term, is that overall deposit balances will be fairly stable for us. We have a lot of sources of deposits, including our corporate trust and our  the mix between our money market funds and our on balance sheet. From a mix standpoint, as you would expect and what we have seen both for us and in the industry is that the mix starts to change when rates rise. And so we are starting to see the mix between non-interest-bearing and interest-bearing start to change with a shift out of non-interest-bearing balances into interest bearing sort of categories as people are looking at seeking sort of yield. And then when we think about deposit pricing, its been relatively low for the first rate cycle or rate hikes that we have seen. And in fact, its  for us, we have actually outperformed our expectations, which is good to see and which is a reflection in part, because we have higher level of consumer balances today than we did, for example, 4 or 5 years ago, et cetera. But when we get into the next 125 basis points, so if you think about the next two rate hikes that the market is expecting, our expectations, deposit betas will probably be in that low to mid-30s kind of in that ballpark.
Scott Siefers: Okay, thats terrific color. And I appreciate that. Thank you very much, Terry. Maybe a separate question, can you walk through any updated thoughts on sort of the capital ramifications from the pending transaction? I guess just a lot has changed in terms of both possible credit and certainly rate environment. Just curious to hear any thoughts that you have in so far as youre able to given while its still pending.
Terry Dolan: Yes. I think that right now, the capital implications are in line, certainly, with a rising rate environment, the mark-to-market is a little bit more than what we maybe had modeled in the original deal. But once you close that transaction, it accreted back into income pretty fast. Our expectation, as I said, is that CET1 will be somewhere around 8.5% at the time of closing. Of course, that will be dependent upon where rates are at that particular point in time. But the transaction accretes pretty quickly. So we do expect capital to continue to grow and accrete after the transaction. Andy, what would you add?
Andy Cecere: The only thing Id add, Terry, is that  as you talked about in your comments, were making significant process in planning for the closing of the deal, which we  as we talked about, and now expect in the second half. We targeted a second half conversion last time we talked and now  and it was going to be Veterans Day. Given now that were coming upon little later close, were moving the conversion date to Presidents Day weekend. So thats what our planning assumption is for all the teams working on this. Thats that next 3-day weekend. And as Terry mentioned, our financial targets that we initially articulated are still intact, although the timing of the cost savings might be a little different, the synergies are still $900 million. And Terry, maybe you can talk about, given the rate environment, the accretion dilution per earnings share.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Again, the accretion, when you think about the earnings per share accretion, we still feel very comfortable with respect to the 6% accretion in 2023, a couple of different things. Obviously, the timing will affect our ability to achieve all of the cost synergies that we expected in 2023. And so of the $900 million that Andy talked about, our expectation is we will probably achieve 50% to 60% of that next year. But whats offsetting that is with the rising rate environment, were going to see stronger revenue that will help to offset that.
Scott Siefers: Great. Thats perfect. Andy and Terry, thank you very much.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Scott.
Terry Dolan: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Pancari from Evercore. Your line is now open.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, John.
John Pancari: Good morning. On the payments revenues and the merchant revenue, I know you had indicated that you do expect those revenues on a year-over-year basis to moderate here, but as you see high single-digit year-over-year growth is reasonable post pandemic. So just to understand that a little more in terms of the coming quarters over the next several quarters, that moderation that you see, is that going to put you in that high single-digit range? Or do you expect growth to be lower than that high single-digit year-over-year range in coming quarters as payments volumes moderate?
Terry Dolan: Yes. So our expectation when we get to more of a normal environment is that payments would have the high single digits sort of growth rate. So its a continuation of the business. The growth rates that were talking about in terms of moderating year-over-year is really from the very high growth rates that we saw post pandemic as the cyclical recovery occurred. But think of payments in the single  high single digits.
John Pancari: Okay. So  got it. So then in the moderation, is there a way you can maybe help characterize what type of level do you think is reasonable in the coming quarters as the moderation takes hold?
Terry Dolan: Yes. I think part of it in terms of moderating the growth rates, part of it is we will start to see from 22 to 23 kind of getting into a more normal environment. So I think that its still probably a little bit of a higher level when we think about the third quarter or in the near quarters, but certainly, as we get into 2023, I think it moderates to that high single digits.
John Pancari: Okay. I gotcha . Got it. And then just on the credit front, clearly, you guys are certainly were generally historically more conservative standpoint. How  can you maybe talk a little bit more on how youre thinking about the loan loss reserve here particularly from a CECL perspective? As youre dialing in the scenarios, you have to assume the economic scenarios are going to get worse incrementally here given the Fed actions. So how do you see that impacting your reserving here just from a scenario standpoint and given the CECL requirements?
Terry Dolan: Yes. Maybe as a reminder, when we end up looking at scenarios, we look at five different potential scenarios from a baseline to something thats slightly better to something thats worse and as severe, maybe as a more severe recession. So I think about that range. For some time, there is been an uncertainty if you think about Ukraine now. And when we end up looking at the different economic and we weight those assumptions, were really waiting to a little bit more of a downside scenario. Relative to that baseline, we are trying to take the economic situation into consideration. So I feel like were in a pretty good spot in terms of how we are thinking about it. And what I would say, John, is that at least in the near-term, think about the second half of this year, growth in  or changes, I think, in the loan loss reserve will probably be driven more by loan growth than anything else.
John Pancari: Okay. Got it. So you dont necessarily, over the next couple of quarters, see an outright build related to the economic backdrop based upon the forecast that youre looking at now?
Terry Dolan: I think it will be more driven by loan growth than our scenario weightings getting worse, at least not measurably worse.
John Pancari: Right, right. Okay. And then one more related to that. I guess just as economic scenarios do intensify and you think if a build does begin to moderate, I mean, any way to just longer-term help us think about the magnitude? I mean we just had another  one of your competitors talk about how the pandemic-related reserve levels may not be applicable to where the banks built the pandemic-related reserves to. Would you agree with that, that the pandemic-related reserve levels were probably overly draconian?
Terry Dolan: Yes. It was as you kind of went through the pandemic, it was hard to know exactly where the economy was going. So I do think that the level of reserve builds were pretty aggressive and rightfully so at that particular point in time based upon, what we knew. I think that as we see the next economic recession kind of develop, again, John, we try to manage through the cycle. And our underwriting is strong and all those sorts of things. So while there will be reserve build certainly from an economic outlook point of view, I dont think its going to be anywhere near what it was as a result of the pandemic.
John Pancari: Got it. Thank you so much, Terry. Its helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gerard Cassidy from RBC. Your line is now open.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning, Terry. Good morning, Andy.
Andy Cecere: Hi, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Terry, to follow up on credit quality, can you share with us, certainly, Im with you, I dont see the reserves needing ever to get close to what you guys had to do during the pandemic when unemployment went to 14.5%, and we had an annualized rate of decline in the second quarter GDP in 2020 of over 35%. But can you share with us in the rate stress testing for your commercial customers or anybody on variable rate loans, at what point do rising rates really start to give you guys a little discomfort? Is it 200 or 300 basis points higher? Any color there?
Terry Dolan: Yes, I dont know if you have...
Andy Cecere: I think what drives loan activity more than anything is the economic growth and GDP. And I think from a rate scenario standpoint, in terms of credit risk, if you think about the defense side, Gerard, I think we underwrite to a higher rate environment for variable rate loans. So I think weve already taken that into account. And we look at cash flows under different rate scenarios as we think about putting those loans on the book. So were less  Im less concerned about rising rates impacting credit. I do think rising rates as that impacts the economy will impact loan growth at some point.
Gerard Cassidy: No. Okay. Very fair. And then, I guess, as a follow-up, sticking with credit, it seems like in past cycles, excluding 2020, there was a gradual lead into the downturns, and we  I think many of us could have seen what was going on in the aggressive lending of 06 going into 08, 09 or 88, 89 going into 90. We dont seem to have that this time. So can you guys  I dont know if you can give us any further color on what is it that the market is  so it seems like so concerned about what banks that were going to hit a brick wall or go off a cliff on credit possibly in 6 to 12 months. Any further thoughts there?
Andy Cecere: Yes. I do think its the  banks are a reflection of all the customers that we serve and to the extent the recession impacts those customers that will impact us. And I think thats why youre seeing bank stocks, usually when rates go up, bank stocks outperform. Bank rates  weve been waiting for a while for rates to go up. They are probably going up and bank stocks are going the other way. And I think its that fear of recession for all the reasons weve talked about. And as Ive talked about, Gerard, I think we are preparing for any scenario because the range of scenarios, and I talked about this before, he says, wide as Ive ever seen it in my career. The probability of different events occurring, there is a lot of uncertainty out there, a lot of inputs into things that weve never had before. And I think all that uncertainty just translates into people being careful and a little prudent in terms of their investments.
Gerard Cassidy: And with that, are your customers seeing any clear evidence of the slowdown from the tightening thats already gone on? Or is it still  are the customer is still in pretty good shape in terms of their businesses, generally speaking?
Terry Dolan: Yes. Maybe a couple of different things that certainly we watch, I mean from a consumer spend standpoint, it continues to be very strong. From a  and that obviously is what businesses are seeing now that consumer spend is shifting a bit in terms of where its occurring. Its less discretionary, certainly more non-discretionary on food and fuel and those types of things. It is probably shifting away from a lot of the retail purchases toward service-related type of activities. But the overall level of spend is still pretty strong. I would also say that the consumer balance sheet is strong. They still have deposit balances that are in excess of where they were pre-pandemic. I think in part, thats allowing at least on the average for that consumer to spend to continue. And then they are willing to draw down on their credit card lines as well. On the business side, the way that I would characterize it as were continuing to see inventory builds. I think that part of the loan growth that were seeing or experiencing maybe businesses trying to get ahead of inflation a bit in terms of acquiring inventory today as opposed to something that might have a 10%, 20%, 30% rate increase. The one thing I would say though, Gerard, is that I think that business owners, especially in the middle market space, are just more cautious today. And it comes back to what Andy said, it seems like a strong economy today, but the range of possibilities is very wide. And so people are trying to take that into consideration when they think about running their business.
Gerard Cassidy: Fellas, thank you very much as always and good luck on closing the deal in the second half.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Gerard. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Erika Najarian from UBS. Your line is now open.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Erika.
Terry Dolan: Good morning, Erika.
Erika Najarian: Just a new clarification questions for my first one. Terry, you mentioned that deposit beta could be in the low to mid-30s for the next 125. Can we interpret that in terms of the cumulative beta by fourth quarter? Does that mean that we will be the cumulative beta by the fourth quarter? Or does that mean that the cumulative beta would be lower than that range by fourth quarter because we have to take into account the first 100?
Terry Dolan: It would be lower. I mean, the average obviously will be less. So what Im really talking about is the next two rate hikes and what we would see in terms of deposit betas in reaction to that, so...
Erika Najarian: Got it. Im just comparing it to appear that reported also today, I think they mentioned that the cumulative beta would be in the low 30s by year-end. And it sounds like based on the math, you could outperform that.
Terry Dolan: Certainly, in terms of what we are experiencing, the deposit betas in the first rate hikes has been lower than what we had expected. I think from just in terms of the industry and where we were starting from the betas for us, at least, have been lower.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Okay. And Andy, maybe taking a step back and asking more of an industry question. Clearly, the market is very worried about a recession. And clearly, the market accepts that U.S. Bank has one of the best quality balance sheets out there. The bank has spent a lot of time building their corporate market share. I guess my first question to you is, as you think about the relative resilience of banks potentially in a recession like Gerard alluded to, and the amount of sort of lost market share to non-banks, do you see some of that coming back to  that market share coming back to the industry generally in U.S. Bank specifically? Or was some of that credit quality never something that you wanted to underwrite and put on the books to begin with?
Andy Cecere: Its a good question, Erika. I think there is a little bit of a shift already occurring and what youre seeing in some of the non-bank competitors. First of all, the banking industry is in terrific shape from a capital liquidity just from a defensive standpoint, much better than we were during the last downturn and that includes U.S. Bank. And you saw our results of the stress test, which showed us performing very well in a very stressful environment. And I think thats a reflection of all those things, including our diversity in our credit underwriting discipline. I do think traditional credit models work through cycles, sometimes new credit models work when things are going well and are a little more challenged when things arent going so well. And so we will see how those new credit models and new ways of doing underwriting will work in this downturn. But I do think that banks and certainly U.S. Banks models have been proven through multiple cycles.
Erika Najarian: And my third question is, I think that most of the Street subscribes to the idea that payments, is going to be a secular winner for U.S. Bank. And there is clearly a debate right now on how weak does the consumer get in a downturn. Nobody is worried really about credit surprises in the consumer with U.S. Bank. But how should we think about the range of outcomes in payment activity and spend if we do have a recession?
Andy Cecere: Yes. Erika, it depends how severe that recession is, certainly. But as Terry alluded to, what we are seeing is the consumer is still in a very good position. They have a lot of cushion we have $2.5 trillion of excess savings versus pre-pandemic levels. For U.S. Bank, were still at 2 to 3x deposit level. So they are still spending dollars that they have not spent over the past few years. And as you know, the unemployment numbers are very good. So I think there is enough cushion. And I do think that at least for the near-term, that cushion will allow continued spend activity, albeit, as Terry mentioned, in a little bit different categories, certainly from goods to services and a little bit more in terms of non-discretionary, but were still seeing strength there. And again, how that ultimately comes out will depend upon those that range of outcomes that I talked about thats pretty wide.
Erika Najarian: And just one last one on the fee income guide, you said lower than 2021. Did you quantify how much?
Terry Dolan: I am sorry, related to what?
Andy Cecere: So Terry, she is asking if we quantify the fee income guide, and we quantified total revenue in that 5% to 6%.
Terry Dolan: We did  yes, exactly.
Erika Najarian: Sorry, I am too much going. Okay.
Andy Cecere: No problem.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Mayo from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open.
Andy Cecere: Hi Mike. Good morning.
Mike Mayo: Hi. Good morning. So, I look at Slide 7, I am trying to look at  I am squinting on that, and thats the number of joint business banking and payment customer relationship growth, and you have that indexed at 100, starting at March 2021. And by looking at a blue line versus the green line, and this is your big effort. And so I guess you are up, with my splinting here, you are up 5% year-over-year from the growth in accounts that you use both banking and payments. Is that correct?
Andy Cecere: Thats right, Mike. Sorry for the squinting, but yes. So, if you index back to 100, we are up just under 6% on those combined relationships that have both banking and payments products and thats almost 2x what just the total relationships, which would imply just single service relationships are below that green line.
Mike Mayo: Okay. And how much is this contributing to your growth? I mean you had outsized growth in payments, Slide 14. You have had outsized growth in commercial loans, Slide 8. So, can you kind of disassemble this? Like what percent of the growth is due to this business banking and payment initiative? And how much is just due to the environment, the onboarding of the economy post pandemic?
Andy Cecere: I think its a little bit of both. We are still, as I mentioned, in the early innings of all this. But I will tell you, Mike, that we have a tremendous focus on this on both the Business Banking segment as well as the Commercial segment. And I think this concept of weaving together banking and payment services into a comprehensive offering is going to be meaningfully important to our growth rates, both acquiring customers and providing more products and services to the current customers. And it is one of my top priorities. Its one of the companys top priorities across many business lines. And I do think its driving the growth that you are seeing in both business activity as well as corporate activity.
Mike Mayo: And then an unrelated question. I mean commercial loan growth is growing very strong. And whats the pricing like on commercial loans? It just seems like there is such a disconnect between the capital markets, which is charging so much more for credit and the bank lending markets, which might be charging more but not nearly as much.
Terry Dolan: Yes. I think that, Mike, in the commercial side, corporate loan side of the equation, the  its still pretty competitive from a pricing point of view. And so I would tend to agree in the sense that credit spreads havent widened maybe as much as we might have expected at this particular point in time. And I think part of that kind of comes back to what economy are we looking at? I mean its  again, today, it looks pretty good. But my expectation is if you have this type of loan growth and the economic outlook people are kind of expecting, you would expect those credit spreads to be widening and spreads to be widening our loans more, not seen it yet though.
Mike Mayo: So, does that  I mean you are the most conservative bank in the industry based on several metrics, bond spreads, credit rating agencies, all that sort of thing. So, as the most conservative bank in the industry, among the largest, does that mean do you forgo some of this lending, or do you just plow ahead with the assumption that we are not going into any sort of hard landing?
Andy Cecere: Mike, its a good question as well. So, Terry and myself and our leaders are being very disciplined about what we are putting on our balance sheet. And I will tell you that while we had strong loan growth, it could have been a heck of a lot stronger, but it wasnt because we are not putting those deals that are either not appropriate from a credit standpoint, certainly or from a spread standpoint or a return standpoint. So, we are growing good loans, we could have grown more, but we didnt.
Terry Dolan: Yes. And a perfect example, if you end up looking at the growth in auto lending for us over the last quarter or two quarters, although spreads have been very competitive, they have not been responsive to the rising rate environment. And we are willing to give up some of the volume there, simply because of the fact that returns are not as strong as they should be, given the current environment. So, that would be an example of the discipline we are talking about.
Mike Mayo: Okay. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Thanks Mike.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt OConnor from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Matt OConnor: Good morning.
Andy Cecere: Good morning Matt.
Matt OConnor: I wanted to ask about the credit marks related to the pending UB deal. Obviously, spreads have widened as was just discussed. And just I would think that means kind of more marks and maybe just frame how meaningful that might be? Is there a risk that the CET1 is below 8.5%? And then of course, on the flip side, if you are marking that book down a little bit more aggressively, maybe you are essentially done building reserves in that portfolio even if we do get the hard landing.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Well, maybe from a credit mark standpoint, I think its pretty consistent with what we had expected. I mean that portfolio performs pretty strong. In terms of the mark-to-market from a rate point of view, it certainly is higher than what we had originally modeled out. That will put a little bit of pressure, as I mentioned earlier on the day one closing CET1 ratio which we still expect to be around 8.5%. It might be a little bit lower than that, but  or a little higher. It kind of just depends upon where rates are at that point in time. But as you say, it accretes back into income pretty quickly. And, so its not really a significant concern at this particular point in time for us. I do think, Matt, also, we talked a little bit about the timing of synergies related to the cost synergies, maybe with the system conversion moving back being a little bit lower than what we had modeled, but the benefit of the mark-to-market will offset that. So, from an overall earnings accretion point of view, we still very  still feel very comfortable with 6% in 2023.
Matt OConnor: And then just to summarize, so the credit markets arent really impacted by kind of macro forecast and what we are seeing in public markets. Its more what you are seeing in the actual portfolio as we think about the credit marks themselves?
Terry Dolan: Yes. I mean obviously, we have to take into consideration what our assumptions are from an economic outlook point of view. But as I mentioned earlier, those havent changed a lot yet at this particular point in time. And so again, it depends upon the timing of the closing and what happens between here and then. But at least at this particular point in time is the quality of the portfolio is good. Its performing well, etcetera, so
Matt OConnor: Okay. And then just separately, you talked about mortgage fees being weaker than expected in your full year guidance. Obviously, we are seeing that for the industry overall. But any signs of the gain on sale margin stabilizing? And then in the servicing book, it doesnt feel like we are getting the full benefit of the slower prepayments. I know there can be a little bit of a delay as we look across some of the banks, we are not seeing that. Is there still some benefit from the servicing book to kick in?
Terry Dolan: Yes. So, a couple of different things. As we talked earlier, there will continue to be pressure on mortgage banking revenue. We think about it on a linked quarter basis, third quarter fee revenue in that area is probably going to be pretty similar to the second quarter. But thats going to be a combination of things, Matt. I do think that there continues to be a little bit of pressure on the volume side of the equation simply because of rising rates. We are seeing, at least for us, the gain on sale starting to stabilize and improve a little bit. Our expectation is that it improves as we go through the rest of the year and certainly into 2023. There is a fair amount of capacity thats coming out of the system, out of the industry. And so I think that, that will help in terms of gain on sale. From the servicing standpoint, at least from our point of  in terms of how we end up management and we try to hedge MSR valuations pretty tightly. Obviously, the values of MSRs are improving because of that  because of rates. And I do expect there is probably opportunity from a servicing income point of view.
Matt OConnor: Great. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Thanks Matt.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bill Carcache from Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Andy Cecere: Thanks. Good morning Bill.
Bill Carcache: Yes. Good morning. Assuming the Fed hikes eventually lead to slower growth and higher unemployment as many hiking cycles have historically, could you help us understand at what point you would be required to increase your reserve rate because that increase in unemployment would fall under your reasonable and supportable forecast period under CECL? Does it just need to be more visible before you can act on it?
Terry Dolan: Yes. I think there is a lot of uncertainty out there in which direction its actually going to go. I think there just needs to be more certainty around what that economic outlook is. Again, kind of coming back to what I mentioned earlier, Bill, we look at a whole variety of different economic outlooks and then we weight them and we have been, for some period of time, kind of waiting them a little bit more on the downside, expecting because of the uncertainty that we have been talking about in the past. So, if a recession hits, we will have to adjust it, but thats something well have to take into consideration at that time.
Bill Carcache: Understood. And maybe following up on that, how much of an impact would you say management overlays are having currently? Many banks have had their reserve rates fall below their day one levels already. And there is a view that the macro outlook today is not as favorable as it was on January 1, 2020. Just curious to what extent overheads are being used to the extent to which you consider using them?
Terry Dolan: Yes. I mean I cant speak for what other people are doing. What I will speak to is that if you end up looking at the reserve rate on day one versus today, the change in that is really probably a couple of different factors, but its principally the mix of the portfolio today versus what it was 2 years ago, both in terms of the quality of the asset, but also where we have seen growth over the last couple of years. ABS Securities, as an example, security lending, as an example, is very high quality. Thats where we have seen quite a bit of growth over the last couple of years. And so a lot of its mix for us as much as anything. I would say from an economic perspective, relative to certainly day one, its probably more on the downside than it was then. So, its  I mean again, I cant speak to what other people are doing, but its really mix driven by for us.
Bill Carcache: Understood. Thats helpful. And if I can squeeze in one last one. You guys have unique view given the depth of your consumer and commercial businesses. Maybe could you price out for us what a mild recession you think would look like maybe where you see the greatest risk on both the commercial and consumer side and then specifically within USB?
Terry Dolan: Yes. I think the greatest impacts will be on the low and moderate income customers base starting there and thats where inflation impacts the most, and thats where we are already starting to see some shift in spend as we talked about from discretionary and nondiscretionary. And I think as that continues that will  you will see more of an impact there. But the spend levels continue to be good as we talked about. I will tell you, one change that we are seeing for the last 2.5 years, every month, consumer balances, what our checking and savings account balances have risen every single month. We did see sort of a flattening in the last 2 months. So, thats moderating for sure. So some of that excess savings certainly is not growing, but its flattening and starting to be spent. So, I think as that continues, that provides a cushion as we go into the next few months, but that cushion is starting to at least flatten out. So, those are the things we are seeing. And again, as a reminder, we dont have  our portfolio is prime only. Our customer base is high quality. So, I think some of those early indicators or early impacts will not be seen in our balance sheet.
Andy Cecere: Yes. And then on the corporate side, we have very little leverage lending. Thats just not an area that we get into. Our corporate customers are good investment-grade customers. So, they have certainly the ability to withstand especially a mild recession.
Bill Carcache: Thats super helpful. And Andy, maybe going back to your comment around the significant liquidity that the consumers have and how thats kind of coming down a little bit, but its still high, is that something that you think perhaps is maybe contributing to the strength in the spending and potentially could be sort of inflationary in and of itself and lead the Fed to have to do more in terms of hiking, just curious just your high level thoughts on that?
Andy Cecere: Yes. I think thats one of the wildcards or factors that we talked about. We are seeing things in todays environment that we havent seen in other downturns or recessionary impacts. And I think this is one of them. So, we had trillions of dollars of government stimulus, unemployment, and the fact that people werent spending given the pandemic for a number of quarters and years and that built up a cushion. And that cushion certainly is impacting spend levels because now they are using it. And thats that $2.5 trillion of excess savings. And for us, it is that high balance that we are seeing across every level of deposits, zero to $500, $500 to $1,000 up to $10,000, so still well above pre-pandemic levels, but certainly flattening out. And I think that cushion provides a little bit of time, certainly before you start to see some of the impacts from this higher rate environment because people are spending money they already have.
Bill Carcache: Thank you so much.
Andy Cecere: Thank you.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Thanks Bill.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Ebrahim Poonawala from Bank of America. Your line is now open,
Andy Cecere: Good morning Ebrahim.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Good morning. Just one quick question on Slide 15, on the payments business, Andy and Terry, so, you talked about just what might happen in the next few quarters. But talk to us, when we think about the business in the medium to longer term, a lot of the digital native companies are struggling right now. What this means in terms of the investments you have made over the last few years to gain market share? Should we anticipate any kind of strategic M&A that helps you further your footprint within the payments business? And then just how that business should evolve relative in the pie chart and the breakdown you provided on Slide 15? I would love to hear your thoughts. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: So, I think what we talked about is building this capability, this ecosystem, banking and payments. And we have already made a number of smaller acquisitions, talech being one of them, TravelBank being another that have built our capabilities and thinking about helping companies manage their entire business from a receivables, a payable standpoint, money movement, lending activity cash flows and such. So, the acquisitions that you have seen us make us to do exactly that, that coupled with the investments we have made is whats driving that, what we think is a great opportunity to build relationships and build revenue within those relationships, and thats driving to Terrys articulation of that high-single digit growth.
Terry Dolan: Yes. And Ebrahim, I would say that if we have a focus from an acquisition point of view, in the near-term, it will be something thats very specific to a product or a capability that we are trying to fill in. But quite honestly, we feel pretty good in terms of where we are at right now.
Ebrahim Poonawala: And then would you expect that over the next year or 2 years, you are gaining market share in the business? And what I am trying to do is just handicap disruption risk to that business. Its something thats on the mind of investors. And it seems like you are making good progress, but would love to hear how you think about where your market share would be if you had to draw out over the medium-term relative to today.
Andy Cecere: Yes, I do think we have the opportunity. I think we have two great opportunities. One is we have a big slew of banking customers. Thats on another chart. We dont have our payments capabilities yet, and we have  half of our payments customers dont have our banking. So, we have a great opportunity to provide more products and services to those customers. Thats number one. And number two is, given the capabilities in this ecosystem we are building, we have the opportunity to acquire more customers, which we believe will take share.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Thanks.
Andy Cecere: Thank you.
Operator: And speakers, we have no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back to Jen Thompson.
Jen Thompson: Thanks everyone for listening to our earnings call today. Please contact the Investor Relations department if you have any follow-up questions.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-14 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorp's First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Andy Cecere, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Terry Dolan, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately 11:00 AM Central Time through Thursday, April 21, 2022, at 10:59 PM Central Time. I will now turn the conference call over to Jen Thompson, Head of Corporate Finance and Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Jen Thompson: Thank you, Francie, and good morning, everyone. With me today are Andy Cecere, our Chairman, President and CEO; and Terry Dolan, our Chief Financial Officer. During their prepared remarks, Andy and Terry will be referencing a slide presentation. A copy of the presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at usbank.com. I'd like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of today's presentation, in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I'll now turn the call over to Andy.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Jen. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. Following our prepared remarks, Terry and I will take any questions you have. I'll begin on Slide 3. In the first quarter, we reported earnings per share of $0.99 and total revenue of $5.6 billion. The quarter was highlighted by strong loan growth, continued momentum in our payments businesses, well-controlled expenses and strong credit quality. As expected, mortgage banking revenue declined in the first quarter due to slower refinancing activity in the market. However, we saw a good momentum in business activity and related revenue growth within other fee businesses, including payments, trust and investment management and treasury management. This quarter, we released $50 million in loan loss reserves, reflecting continued strong credit quality. And at March 31, our CET1 capital ratio was 9.8%. Slide 4 provides key performance metrics. In the first quarter, we delivered a return on assets of 1.09% and a return on tangible common equity of 16.6%. Slide 5 highlights strengths in digital engagement. Digital transactions account for over 80% of total transactions and total digital loan sales account for about 2/3 of total loan sales. We are pleased with the progress we have seen so far, but believe there is further opportunity to increase customer engagement through digital adoption by helping customers, consumers and business customers to understand the full scope of capabilities available to assist them in managing their financial lives. We are continually adding and enhancing digital features and functionality and applying a digital plus human approach. A great example of this is our Do-it-Together co-browse technology. Through this tool, interactions with our customers, a key driver of engagements have increased in number and have become more efficient as well as effective. Turning to Slide 6. We believe our complete payments ecosystem is a competitive advantage for our company. The opportunity to connect our banking customers with our payments products and services and our payments customers with our banking products and services will continue to drive meaningful profit and return differential for our company over the next several years. Our small business initiative is just 1 example of many that we see driving both account growth and deeper relationships. We believe the suite of products we offer to our small business customers will allow us to grow those relationships by 15% to 20% and related revenue by 25% to 30% over the next few years. We are particularly encouraged by the trends we are seeing in the uptake of our talech point-of-sale functionality, which allows small business customers to manage their banking and payments needs in a simple, easy-to-use format that we provide in the form of a dashboard. On the right side of the slide, you can see that the number of new talech customers increased fivefold in 2021 compared to 2020, and that strong growth trajectory has continued in 2022. Year-to-date, new talech customers are 1.5x the full year 2020 level. Now let me turn the call over to Terry to provide more details on the quarter.
Terry Dolan: Thanks, Andy. If you turn to Slide 7, I'll start with the balance sheet review followed by a discussion of first quarter earnings trends. Average loans increased 3.4% compared with the fourth quarter, driven by 8.0% growth in commercial loans, 2.1% growth in mortgage loans and 1.0% growth in total other retail loans. Commercial loan growth reflected slowing paydowns, increased business activity and higher utilization rates across many sectors and most geographies. Client sentiment is stable and commercial lending needs are being driven by inventory building, M&A activity and CapEx expenditures. In the retail portfolio, we saw good growth in residential mortgage and other retail loans, including auto lending. Credit card balances declined linked quarter, reflecting typical seasonality and the impact of certain loans being moved to held for sale in the fourth quarter, which impacted average balance growth. Turning to Slide 8. Total average deposits increased 1.0% compared with the fourth quarter despite the typical seasonal reduction in noninterest-bearing deposits. Total average deposits increased 6.5% compared with a year ago. Slide 9 shows credit quality trends. Credit quality continues to be strong across our loan portfolio. The ratio of nonperforming assets to loans and other real estate was 0.25% at March 31 compared with 0.28% at December 31 and 0.41% a year ago. Our first quarter net charge-off ratio of 0.21% was slightly higher than the fourth quarter level of 0.17%, but lower compared with the first quarter of 2021 level of 0.31%. Our allowance for credit losses as of March 31 totaled $6.1 billion or 1.91% of period-end loans. Slide 10 provides an earnings summary. In the first quarter of 2022, we earned $0.99 per diluted share. These results included a relatively small reserve release of $50 million. Turning to Slide 11. Net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis totaled $3.2 billion. The 1.6% linked quarter increase reflected strengthening margins and strong loan growth in the quarter, particularly commercial loan growth. Our net interest margin improved 4 basis points to 2.44% due to the changing yield curve, investment portfolio actions and lower cash balances, partially offset by the impact of loan mix. Slide 12 highlights trends in noninterest income. Compared with a year ago, noninterest income increased 0.6%, reflecting strong payments services revenue, growth in trust and investment management fees and higher treasury management fees, offset by a lower commercial product revenue and lower mortgage banking revenue. The decline in mortgage banking revenue reflected lower refinancing activity in the market and tighter gain on sale margins giving excess capacity in the industry. In the first quarter, total payments revenues increased 10.1% compared to a year earlier reflecting both continued cyclical post-pandemic recovery as well as strong underlying business trends supported by investments we are making. Credit and debit card revenue increased 0.6% on a year-over-year basis, as the impact of higher credit and debit card volume was offset by lower prepaid card activity. Excluding prepaid card revenue, credit and debit card fee revenue would have increased 9.6% compared with the first quarter of 2021. Both corporate payment, products revenue and merchant processing fees increased at a double-digit pace compared with a year ago, with growth driven by both the cyclical recovery of pandemic impacted industries as well as underlying business momentum. Slides 13 and 14 provide additional information on our payment services business. In the middle of Slide 13, we provided a table, which illustrates the cyclicality that naturally occurs in each of our 3 payments businesses over the course of a typical year. On the right side of the slide, you can see that COVID-19 impacted industries continued to recover throughout the first quarter. As of the first quarter of 2022, credit and debit card travel volumes exceeded pre-pandemic levels. In March of 2022, airline volume was flat compared to March of 2019, the first time we have seen recovery to pre-pandemic levels. Although T&E-related volumes in our corporate payments business are still below pre-pandemic levels, they continue their upward trajectory. In March, corporate T&E volumes in CPS were back to 75% of the pre-pandemic level. Slide 14 provides linked quarter and year-over-year revenue growth trends for our 3 payments businesses. Because of the cyclical nature of our payments businesses, we believe year-over-year trends are the best indicator of underlying business performance in a normal environment. Year-over-year, credit and debit card revenue growth rates continued to be negatively impacted by the decline in prepaid card revenue as the benefit of the government stimulus has dissipated. We provide details on prepaid card fee revenue over the past 5 quarters in the upper right quadrant. While prepaid card revenue is approaching a run rate on a linked-quarter basis, it will impact year-over-year credit and debit card fee revenue comparisons through the end of 2022. The bottom half of the slide illustrates the strong year-over-year growth rates in both merchant processing and corporate payments fee revenue over the past several quarters, which have partly reflected the pandemic-related recovery. While we expect the year-over-year growth rates to moderate from current levels, we continue to believe that both merchant processing and corporate payments fee revenue can grow at a high single-digit pace on a year-over-year basis in a post-pandemic environment. Turning to Slide 15. Noninterest expense decreased 0.9% on a linked quarter basis. The decline was driven by lower professional services expense, marketing and business development expense and technology and communication expenses, partially offset by increases in employee benefit expense primarily due to seasonally higher payroll taxes and other noninterest expenses. Linked quarter expense growth includes the impact of the acquisitions completed in the fourth quarter of 2021. Slide 16 highlights our capital position. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio at March 31 was 9.8%. As a reminder, at the beginning of the third quarter of 2021, we suspended our share buyback program due to the pending acquisition of Union Bank. After closing the acquisition, we expect to operate at a CET1 ratio between our target ratio and 9.0%. We continue to expect that our share repurchase program will be deferred until our CET1 ratio reaches 9.0% following the pending deal close. I will now provide some forward-looking guidance. The following guidance is for a U.S. Bank on a standalone basis and does not include any potential impact from Union Bank. Let me start with full year guidance.  We have updated our interest rate expectations to be consistent with market expectations. Given our revised interest rate assumptions, we now expect total net revenue to increase 5% to 6% compared with 2021, reflecting 8% to 11% growth in taxable equivalent, net interest income and stable fee income, primarily due to lower mortgage banking revenue and deposit service charges offsetting growth in other fee businesses. We expect positive operating leverage of at least 200 basis points in 2022. As it relates to the second quarter specifically, we expect total revenue growth of 5% to 7% on a linked-quarter basis, benefiting from seasonal strength in many of our fee businesses, continued loan growth and the second quarter impact of higher rates on a net interest income and the recapture of fee waivers. In the second quarter, we expect expenses to increase 1% to 2% on a linked-quarter basis, primarily due to seasonally higher compensation-related costs and business investment spend. Credit quality remains strong. Over the next few quarters, we expect the net charge-off ratio to remain lower than historic levels, but will continue to normalize over time. For the full year 2022, we expect our taxable equivalent tax rate to be approximately 21% to 22%. If you turn to Slide 17, I'll provide an update on our previously announced pending acquisition of Union Bank. In September of 2021, we announced that we had entered into a definitive agreement to acquire the core regional banking franchise of MUFG Union Bank. We continue to make significant progress in planning for closing the deal in the first half of 2022, while we await regulatory approval. As you know, regulatory approvals are not within the company's control and may impact the timing of the closing of the deal. We expect to close the deal approximately 45 days after being granted U.S. regulatory approval. Conversion is anticipated late in the second half of 2022. We continue to believe this deal is a compelling use of our excess capital from both a strategic and financial perspective. We feel comfortable with our initial financial deal assumptions, including an expectation that it will generate an internal rate of return of about 20%, which is well above our cost of capital. Assuming a June 30 close date, we expect Union Bank to contribute approximately $310 million to our pretax pre-provision net revenue in 2022, before considering cost synergies. We continue to expect to achieve approximately $900 million of total cost synergies related to the deal with approximately $85 million to $100 million of cost savings achieved in the second half of 2022. We continue to target total merger and integration costs of $1.2 billion, of which approximately $950 million will be incurred in 2022 with some charges anticipated in the second quarter as we prepare for system integration. In addition, there will be Day 1 -- there will be a Day 1 loss -- loan loss provision required at closing in accordance with the existing CECL accounting rules of approximately $800 million to $900 million. I'll hand it back to Andy for closing remarks.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Terry. Our strong first quarter results have positioned us well for the rest of the year, and we are encouraged by the loan growth trends and business activity that we are seeing in the early part of the second quarter. Credit quality remains strong. Nonetheless, we continue to approach credit decisions with a through-the-cycle lens. . We feel good about the secular trends we are seeing across our fee businesses. Our payments revenue continues to recover, and we look to continued cyclical recovery in travel and entertainment as the year progresses. More importantly, over the near and intermediate term, our multiyear investments in this business and the strategic initiatives aimed at leveraging the power of our payments ecosystem will continue to pay off. We are closely managing operating expenses even as we invest in our digital initiatives, our payments capabilities and our technology modernization. On that front, I'd like to highlight a few of our recent announcements. We enhanced the service that we call Extend Pay, an offering which allows our existing consumer and business cardholders to a buy now, pay later option where they can choose a flexible payment plan that suits their needs. We also rolled out a request for payment capability, which allows merchants to send bills directly to customers' bank's accounts. Those customers have the option to send payment immediately to the biller via real-time payment rails. In February, we announced a meaningful investment in our cloud strategy, which is aimed at modernizing our technology foundation so as to further improve the security of our data, financial assets and customer privacy while allowing for the transformation of applications and infrastructure to create leading-edge customer experiences. We will continue to leverage our suit of products, services and capabilities to enhance the customer experience, which we believe will support meaningful account growth and deeper relationships across our entire franchise over the next several years. In closing, 2022 is off to a good start, and I'd like to thank our employees for all they do to support our strategic goals and continue our customer -- continue to serve our customers and communities. We will now open up the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor from Deutsche Bank.
Matt OConnor : I was hoping you guys could provide an update on asset sensitivity of USB standalone and then the impact of UB? I know at 1 point, you had said it was going to make you a little more asset sensitive, but obviously, the rate environment has changed. I'm not really sure what's happening in their balance sheet. So some updates there on asset sensitivity, please?
Terry Dolan : Yes. Matt, let me kind of take that question. With respect to asset sensitivity, and I'm going to kind of refer back to maybe the disclosures we had in the 10-K and probably the best one to look at would be kind of an upward gradual 200 basis point movement. I think that, that is at least the environment that the market implied with expected at this particular point in time. So if you end up applying that rate sensitivity of about 5.4% to the fourth quarter, I think it gives you a pretty good estimate of what sort of benefit that we see in terms of net interest income kind of going forward. Maybe kind of qualitatively, I think that when we see early in the cycle, deposit betas will be relatively low. Our portfolio, when you look at loans, it's probably about 50%, 55% is floating rate and about 45% to 50% is fixed rate. So that probably gives you some perspective with respect to kind of what we're expecting to see. From a Union Bank point of view, as we've said in the past, it is a bit more asset sensitive than us. It should help us kind of, I would say, 35, 40 basis points. When you end up looking at their portfolio and the assets that well be acquiring, it's deposit-heavy, so we'll have a substantial amount of cash and the opportunity to be able to reinvest that as the -- as rates move up.
Matt OConnor : Okay. And then separately, you gave the impact of the UB deal on tangible book value, I think it was just a 1% reduction. What's the estimated impact on CET1 capital, both from the actual acquisition and then the upfront marks that you mentioned earlier?
Terry Dolan : Yes. So as we've said, currently, we're at 9.8% in terms of our CET1 ratio. We would expect it will be in the range of that 8.5% to 9% at the end of the closing. Of course, it will be dependent upon how much rates move between now and the actual closing time. Our -- I talked a little bit about the Day 1 provision in terms of the credit mark. From an asset mark, I think it will be a little bit higher than what we had originally anticipated or disclosed in -- at the time of the acquisition, simply because of the rising rates, but not significantly different.
Matt OConnor : And just a suggestion by the way, lots of good guidance on the call. It would be great if you could put some of it in the slide. It is such a busy day and scramble to drive it all down. Some of your peers do that and it's really helpful for us on this side.
Terry Dolan : Yes. We would anticipate we'll start to incorporate more of that as the deal moves forward. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pancari of Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: On the card and payment side, just curious if you can just give us a little bit more detail on what you're seeing in terms of consumer spend behavior? Are you seeing any signs of any pullbacks and shifts in the type of spend that could point some softening there? We're starting to see some shifts towards nondiscretionary from discretionary spend. Curious if you're seeing that in your business, if that is impacting your outlook at all?
Terry Dolan : Yes. So let me start and then Andy can kind of add to it. Certainly, what we are continuing to see, John, through the first quarter is good, strong, both year-over-year growth and comparisons back to 2019 really across the board. I think a couple of the trends that we talked about is that travel, specifically airline was back to pre-pandemic and so that's continuing to develop and grow and that's occurred specifically in March. And I think you'll see that continuing as we think about the second quarter and beyond. We do continue to expect in the CPS business, the travel and entertainment is going to continue to strengthen. And I think that, that is a tailwind or an opportunity for us as we move forward. I would expect that there's probably going to be a shift to some extent from what I would call durable goods that people were spending their dollars on in the past to more service-oriented sort of activities. But in terms of the overall level of spend, I feel like that will continue at least for some period of time.  Andy, what would you add?
Andy Cecere: I think that's a good summary, Terry. John, it's interesting because consumer spend on the merchant side, if we look at that data versus pre-pandemic levels in the first quarter, still up 9% to 15%. Consumer credit card spend still up versus pre-pandemic 35%, and corporate payments still up 10%. The 1 area Terry mentioned that is not back to recovery yet is corporate T&E, which is about 75% of what is normal or pre-pandemic levels, and we would expect that to continue to get better as we all start to get out on the road more. So we're not seeing any negative trends thus far, and it continues to be very strong.
John Pancari: And then on the commercial side, I know you cited in your prepared remarks that you are beginning to see CapEx plans as a driver behind the loan growth dynamics on the commercial side. Do you expect that to continue as we look out here? Or do you foresee a potential impact on borrower appetite amid still the inflationary dynamics and supply chain issues in Ukraine?
Terry Dolan : Yes. I think that the capital expenditure is probably driven by a couple of different things. I think that most businesses over the course of the last couple of years have been kind of holding back with respect to capital expenditure. And so I think that there's a bit of an increase in that spend just related to that. And then I do think that as companies see more and more inflationary pressure, they're going to look to business and business automation as ways of kind of offsetting some of the pressure that they see with respect to being actually to acquire talent. And so I think that our expectation, at least in the near term, is that capital expenditure will continue to be reasonably strong.
Andy Cecere: And our -- I think our utilization rates support that, Terry. We have been running in that 19% plus or minus, for a number of quarters, and we saw an increase, certainly not to normal levels, but in the 22% to 23% in the last few months.
Terry Dolan : Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Ryan Kenny : This is Ryan Kenny on behalf of Betsy. Wondering if we could dig in a little bit more on deposit betas. So I know that you mentioned that early in the cycle, you're expecting deposit betas to be relatively low. So on 1 hand, you have an industry with a lot of excess liquidity. But then on the other hand, you have consumers that might be a little bit more cognizant of rate hikes coming faster with inflation on the headlines every day. You have rising fintech competition. So putting that all together, I'm wondering how you're thinking about deposit betas really over the first 100 bps and then the following rates after that?
Terry Dolan : Yes. So maybe I think it's helpful to maybe have a little context. When you end up looking at our deposit business or balances, about 50% of it is consumer based and 50% of it is institutional, if you will, which tends to have a little bit of a higher beta. But our expectation, especially early in the cycle, is that betas will move relatively slow. And then as we get further into the development of the cycle, it will start to accelerate a bit. But to kind of give you some perspective, we would expect probably through the full cycle of 2022 that betas on the consumer will be less than 10% and then maybe slightly higher that on a terminal basis. On the institutional side, we would expect through the 2022 cycle somewhere between 50% and 60% with a terminal level that's maybe a little bit higher than that. A couple of things to that, as we are looking at it, we believe that relative to, for example, the last cycle that our deposit betas will be a little bit less sensitive for a couple of different reasons. One is the consumer balances are larger by about 5% relative to the last cycle. Our corporate trust deposit balances are lower in terms of -- so the mix of the deposit base has changed. And then we have moved away from concentrations related to brokerage-related type of deposits, which we had more of in the past. We still have some, but a lower concentration. So all of those things are going to drive lower beta growth than what we saw in the past.
Ryan Kenny : And then just as a follow-up, wondering if you could dig into the book value per share decline of 9% linked quarter, how much of that came from AOCI drawdowns on the AFS portfolio? And is there anything you can do to mitigate the AOCI hit going forward if the rate outlook keeps moving higher?
Terry Dolan : Yes. The vast majority, if not all of it, was really tied to the change in the unrealized gains and losses on the investment portfolio. And then the driver, when we think about the future, we started to change a couple of different things. So in the fourth quarter, we moved about $43 billion of our investment securities to held-to-maturity As we are reinvesting runoff associated with the investment portfolio, we'll continue to move more and more of that into the held-to-maturity sort of category. And then certainly, as we close on Union Bank, we have the opportunity after the mark to move a lot of that into held to maturity as well. So today, about 30% of the overall portfolio is in the held-to-maturity category, And our expectation is over some period of time, we would move that percentage up significantly.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian of UBS.
Erika Najarian: Just putting together the most recent question and also on Matt's question, underneath the 8% to 11% NII growth, could you give us a little bit more of a breakdown in terms of what you're expecting for asset growth, given the strength in your loan book today? And Terry, I know -- short-term borrowings at period end by $10 billion. And again, going back to the question I think everybody is trying to ask, remind us how much of your deposit base is corporate trust today? And of those deposits, how much are indexed? Do they re-price immediately to the changes in underlying benchmark rates? Or do you have some ability in pricing power to be able to perhaps delay some of that repricing?
Terry Dolan : Yes. So let me start with the last question and kind of talk a little bit about the deposits and then to the extent that I don't cover everything, just remind me. But deposits in the Corporate Trust business or in the trust -- institutional -- the Investment Services Group, which includes Corporate Trust, represent about 15% of their total interest-bearing deposits.  Now in the last rate cycle, that was about 22%. So it's down relative to the overall mix. And then the vast majority of it is not indexed to any particular rate. And so we do have the ability to manage that. A fair amount of the deposits within Corporate Trust are noninterest-bearing as well, which I think is helpful. That percentage is probably a little bit higher than what it was in the past. But the competitive pressure will be -- will really come as money market funds start to move up, we do have the ability to lag relative to that. But that's where some of that competitive pressure comes from.
Erika Najarian: Just a follow-up on the underlying earning asset assumption that you have underneath --
Terry Dolan : Yes. So when we end up looking at earning assets, our expectation is that the investment portfolio will be relatively flat or stable, really through the end of the year and the vast majority of the growth will come on the loan portfolio side of the equation. As we look into the second quarter, our expectation is that loan growth will continue to be strong. This and, as a reminder, it was up on a linked quarter basis about 3.4%. And while it may not be at that level, I think it will still be up on a linked quarter basis very nicely, and we would continue to expect good solid growth in the C&I portfolio as well as credit cards will start to seasonally get stronger, et cetera.
Erika Najarian: And a follow-up question to Matt's question on CET1. When you closed Union Bank, I think I'm estimating your total asset size to be just shy of $690 billion. And how should we think about capital management? Do you potentially approach [$100 billion] asset mark in 2 years, Andy and Terry? And I'm just wondering in context of -- the TCE hit was obviously more than the CET1 hit because AOCI doesn't run through your CET1. So I guess I'm wondering in terms of like your buybacks even after you replenish to 9 as we think about crossing the 700, how that might influence your capital management and capital return potentially differently over the next 2 years?
Terry Dolan : Yes. Erika, I think your estimates with respect to the total size are reasonable. Our expectation is that, to kind of give you some perspective, when you end up looking at the rules, rules say that you need to be able to -- you need to be at an average of over a 4-quarter period above $700 million. So there's a bit of runway that exists between now and when we might become a category to sort of entity. Some of the things that -- some of the actions that I talked about with respect to the held-to-maturity composition of the investment portfolio, I think, will help kind of mitigate that. Certainly, we'll generate a fair amount of earnings between now and, let's say, 6 or 7 quarters out. And I think all those things will kind of help us manage through that time frame. The other thing is that when we do close on Union Bank, it's deposit heavy in terms of the mix. So it will be a significant amount of cash, and we would expect to utilize that to help us manage borrowings down and things like that in order to be able to stay below that $700 million or $1 billion threshold for an extended period of time.
Erika Najarian: Just to clarify, as you close UB, the intention for the cash is not to deploy it, but to shrink the pro forma balance sheet to be able to accommodate more client growth rather than just broad balance sheet growth from UBS?
Terry Dolan : Exactly.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Just a question on fees to start. In your revenue guide, do you fully contemplate the full recovery of fee waivers, which I think you've said you've been running around $70 million? How much do you have that recovering in 2Q? And I assume that's also fully recovered in the full year guide?
Terry Dolan : Yes. So to answer the last piece, yes, it would be fully recovered certainly by the end of the year. And just given kind of projections in the marketplace with respect to rates, we'll see a significant amount of that recovered in the second quarter with a residual amount kind of in the third quarter. Maybe as a reminder, we recover about 65% of it in the first 25 basis point movement. 90% of it in the next 25 basis point movement and all of it after the third 25 basis point movement. So most of it in the second quarter, but some amount in the third.
Andy Cecere: So about 70% of it in the second quarter timeframe.
Ken Usdin: And then also just on the mortgage business. Obviously, the reset that you had given us, the expectation for just your outlook from here given where rates have gone and the ins and outs of production and servicing?
Terry Dolan : Yes. Obviously, the mortgage banking business is going to trend along with at the point in time, refinancings, the mix of business is probably 70% home sales and 30% refinancing. So the -- on a linked quarter basis, the impact of refinancings will be less than what it has been in the past. So it will come down to kind of home sale activity. We continue to think that, that will be reasonably strong. And our investment in kind of the retail channel will be good. I think the things that will be drivers, Ken, in the future on a linked quarter basis, we'll really be where do gain on sale margins go and how -- that will be driven based upon how fast the capacity comes out of the system. But at least at this particular point in time, just looking at kind of industry metrics, I think, is a good way of kind of thinking about how we'll perform as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo of Wells Fargo Securities.
Mike Mayo: Just to clarify, so you improved 2022 guidance, revenues from 3% to 4% to 5% to 6%, NII from 5% to 8% to 11% and operating leverage from 100 basis points to 200 basis points. I just want to make sure I have my facts straight there, is that correct?
Andy Cecere: You got it, Mike.
Mike Mayo: So that improved guidance, how much of that is due simply to higher interest rate? How much of that is due to better loan growth? And how much of that is due to payments or some other activities?
Terry Dolan : Yes. I think that, again, we would expect that mortgage -- excuse me, that fee income will be relatively stable on a year-over-year basis. So when you end up looking at what's going to be the driver, it will be net interest income. And from here on out, I think it's going to be kind of a balance between loan growth and interest rates because I -- if I had to kind of give you a mix and I don't necessarily have that with me, but it's probably 60%, 65% rates and 30%, 35% on the loan portfolio growth side of the equation.
Mike Mayo: Okay. So your loan growth is pretty -- your commercial loan growth was kind of fast. And I'm just -- I think you said there might have been a onetime element in there, but what sort of commercial loan growth are you expecting? Is this the big pivot with the recovery from the pandemic? Is it inventory build? Is it CapEx? Is it by differences by region? It just -- this might wind up being some of the best commercial loan growth that we see on a linked quarter basis percentage-wise than any big bank. So just a little more color around that would be great.
Andy Cecere: Sure, Mike. I'll start. This is Andy and Terry will add on. It's across all those categories I mentioned earlier, and there is no one-timer in there. So it is core growth. One of the factors is our utilization rates, as I mentioned, have been hovering in that 19-or-so percent and they're up nearly 23%, which is a key component, which is, again, takedowns to fund all those things you talked about, which is CapEx and inventory growth and other activities. It's fairly widespread. It's true within our large corporate as well as our middle market and spread geographically as well. So it is a strength across many categories.  Terry, what would you add?
Terry Dolan : Yes. The other thing I would just say is that we'll start to see some seasonal benefit associated with the credit card portfolio as we get into the second and third quarter.
Mike Mayo: Okay. And then the other part of that question is related to payment. I think payments was a little bit of a disappointment for a little bit of time, and now it's come back a little bit this quarter, 10% year-over-year growth. So I guess is payments back or not back? Or how do you -- is it performing to your expectations? Are there still headwinds? Or is the recovery from the pandemic helping that business? Just how do you think about payments relative to your own expectations and the market's expectations?
Terry Dolan : Yes. I mean, we're very excited about the payments business. I think there's a number of dynamics that are taking place. I think there's still cyclical recovery that's going to continue on for some period of time, and you're going to see that in the airline and the travel and entertainment and those sorts of areas, I think that's all good. Mike, we've talked a lot about investments that we've been making in our payments businesses. And over the course of the last few years, as an example, within the merchant acquiring 3 years ago or so, our tech-led sort of revenue represented about 15% of our overall merchant acquiring revenue. Today, it represents 30%, and we would expect that to continue to accelerate because of investments that we're making.  We talked about the fact that in a normal environment, as the cyclical recovery kind of starts to wane, that we would expect our merchant acquiring and our CPS business to grow at high single digits. That's 2 or 3x what we were seeing, let's say, 4 years ago when we started our investment. So we feel really good about where we're at from a payments perspective at this particular point.  Andy, what would you add?
Andy Cecere: I think that's right. And Mike, when you asked about the guidance and Terry mentioned that fees are relatively stable, that is mortgage coming down a fair bit as well as deposit service charges with some of the changes that we made in overdrafts, which is offset positively by some of our payments businesses and the expectations that we now have for the full year as well as the trust businesses. So there's some value and diversification of those revenue streams, and it's coming through in payments and trust.
Mike Mayo: That was a detailed answer. If I could just push my -- the limit, any numbers around the payments growth? Should it be high single digits? Can you keep that 10% growth up? Or should it settle back down to a lower range?
Terry Dolan : Yes. Again, I think if you end up looking at the components, merchant and CPS on an ongoing basis, high single digits, I think credit card will be probably at a lower level than that, but it will be consistent with the way the rest of the industry is growing.
Andy Cecere: And part of that credit card comp, Mike, is the prepaid impacts of prior years is still impacting the comps year-over-year in 2022.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivek Juneja of JPMorgan.
Vivek Juneja: Terry, just a clarification there. So the high single digit on merchant processing and corporate payments, are you referring to that for '22 or beyond? And because the credit card should be hurt in '22, but after that, those comps should get easier, so what do you think post '22 for credit cards? So I just want to clarify those.
Terry Dolan : Again, for merchant and CPS, we think post '22, high single digits. And we believe that credit card will perform kind of consistent with the rest of the industry. The comps, as you say, this year will be impacted by the prepaid card revenue because that is coming down, but then that starts to normalize as you get into 2023.
Vivek Juneja: And within this high single digits, are you expecting any more big contract renewals that could impact us? Or has that been factored into your guidance? Or are you just not expecting much of that to come up in the credit card or the merchant?
Terry Dolan : Yes, we don't expect a lot of that. The large contracts that got renegotiated were more on the CPS side of the equation about 2 years ago, and that's kind of fully in the run rate at this particular point in time. As you know that those contracts are usually 10, 12 years in length. So we don't see anything on the horizon there.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. One request, and that is FICO mix of your loan portfolios, I know we've talked about this in the past that you're looking to actually disclosing it. Your peers do. And I think given your high consumer mix of loans, it would be very helpful to have that.
Andy Cecere: All right. Thanks, Vivek. We'll take a look at that. Thanks for the feedback.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy of RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Terry, following up your comments on the mortgage banking business, with the rates where they are and possibly going higher, probably depressing refinancing activity for the industry as well as yourselves because of the higher rates, is there a -- can you attempt or can you look to growing your home equity business, home equity lines, et cetera? This business, of course, for the industry and yourselves has been an industry that -- or a line of business that has been shrinking over the years. But could that be an alternative to people refinancing moving into home equity lines?
Andy Cecere: I think that it certainly won't shrink at the same level it has been shrinking, Gerard, just for the reasons you mentioned because of refinancing people would have money out, and that would be cause -- would replace home equity, so to speak. So I think you'll see a positive trend there. It certainly is not going to offset the mortgage impacts directly, but I think it will be positive.
Gerard Cassidy: And is there any plan on your guys' part to maybe be more aggressive in marketing those products? Or have you not really thought about that?
Terry Dolan : We're always looking at opportunities to serve the customers in areas they need. The other -- another sort of related is the whole buy now, pay later component that we talked about. I mentioned some examples in my prepared remarks, but as you think about home equity improvements, a new way of financing that is through a buy now, pay later or financing a point of sale. So that's something we're also focused on.
Gerard Cassidy: Got it. And then second, obviously, U.S. Bancorp has distinguished itself over the years with having a very strong focus on credit and delivering very strong returns to shareholders. And the question I have, because credit obviously is not an issue today for most banks, yours included, when do you start to get nervous? Or do you get nervous in this interest rate environment? If the Fed comes through and we have 200 basis points of Fed funds at the end of the year and possibly a 10-year that's well above 3%. How do you guys kind of think about that when you assess the risks for the business here at U.S. Bancorp?
Terry Dolan : Yes. Fair question. And I think there's a lot more conversation around that in terms of whether or not there will be recessionary sort of pressures 12 to 18 months out. I would start by just saying when we end up looking at the economic outlook right now and kind of what we're seeing, we continue to see a pretty robust environment.  That said, Gerard, I think it's a fair question because credit issues that we -- decisions we made today and a year ago are what's going to affect us. And we never really changed our underwriting approach. We've always been very focused on as an example, in the consumer side, we focus on prime and super prime customers in our card business, in our auto business, et cetera. I think the mortgage, just the underwriting associated with mortgages is different today than it was 10, 15 years ago, which will help.  But then on the C&I side of the equation or the corporate side of the equation, we do very little leverage lending sort of activities and areas that have been kind of structurally impacted like retail, et cetera, retail malls, et cetera. We've kind of made a lot of changes to our portfolio over the last several years. So I actually think that we'll perform quite well in the event that we were to see recessionary pressures develop.
Gerard Cassidy: And Terry, just a follow-up there, how about from a balance sheet standpoint, you talked about moving more of your available for sale and to help the maturity in your bond portfolio. In this rising rate environment, is that a -- do we start to see greater risks in that part of the business, not just for U.S. Bancorp, but maybe for the industry as well?
Terry Dolan : Within, for example, the investment portfolio?
Gerard Cassidy: Correct. Correct. Just the march that people may have to take, I know held-to-maturity, you don't mark to market. But I'm just wondering -- because we haven't had the focus on this in years. And I'm just wondering if there's something that we need to keep our eyes out open for.
Terry Dolan : Yes. I mean, I think that -- I think it's worthwhile just kind of trying to understand the mix of the types of investment securities that people are putting into their particular portfolio. When you get into stress in the economy, et cetera, certain types of investments may not perform as well in terms of our own portfolio, highly concentrated in treasury and government-backed, mortgage-backed securities. So we don't see a lot of credit risk in our particular portfolio, but it is something I think -- from an industry standpoint, it's worthwhile watching.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terry McEvoy from Stephens.
Terry McEvoy: If I go back to September, I think you expected to realize 25% of the cost savings from Union this year, which was about $225 million. Terry, I believe on the call, was it $85 million to $100 million this year? And is that just simply a function of pushing out [indiscernible] to late in 2022?
Terry Dolan : Yes. It's all related to the timing.
Terry McEvoy: Okay. And then your thoughts on 2023, the full 100% by the end of the year, any kind of update on 2023 when a bulk of that savings will occur?
Terry Dolan : Yes. I mean I think that the bulk of that savings, we certainly start to realize some of it later this year, but the bulk of it does get realized in 2023. And certainly, when we get close to the -- into the fourth quarter and first quarter of '24, the vast majority of it will realized. So I think the timing is very consistent with what we talked about just affected by the timing of the deal.
Terry McEvoy: Understood. And then as a follow-up, the 6% decline in noninterest-bearing deposits, I think that was on an average basis. In the release, it was seasonal kind of factors coming into play. Anything beyond that in terms of the decline? Or do you truly think that was just a seasonal component?
Terry Dolan : Yes. With our Corporate Trust business, we always see a ramp-up in that type of deposit near the end of the year as deals try to get closed and almost like clockwork around the 10th of January and through February, we see a runoff. So it's all really seasonal from our standpoint.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache of Wolfe Research.
Bill Carcache: I apologize if I -- if this was talked about before. I might have missed it. But I wanted to ask if you could comment on as we think about this runoff of the Fed balance sheet and happening faster than when we exited the last reserve cycle and the risk of noninterest-bearing deposits outflowing perhaps a bit faster and perhaps impacts on deposit betas. Could you comment on that? And if you already have, I'll just go back to the transcript.
Terry Dolan : Yes. No, it's a good question. And as we kind of go through the modeling then we look at the information on kind of how we think it's going to end up affecting not only us, but I think the industry, so you're going to see that deposit growth is going to slow. But I do -- our expectation is that certainly, that deposit levels overall will grow slowly. And that will be more in line with just the overall growth of the economy. So our expectation is that deposits continue to grow but at a lower rate.
Bill Carcache: Understood. And then following up on your commentary, I believe, Andy, around new point-of-sale solutions that you're looking at, there seems to be a little bit of debate among some banks who appear willing to promote the use of Zelle for retail payments versus others that would prefer to wait. Can you remind us where USB stands in that debate? And how you think about the risk of a product like Zelle potentially cannibalizing some of your payments volume?
Andy Cecere: What we're focused on with Zelle is just increasing the utilization of Zelle across our customer base. I think it's a terrific product. It has a lot of use cases. We're looking at different use cases. But overall, what we're trying to do is just increase the utilization.
Bill Carcache: And then finally, if I may, there's been this view -- I guess, following up on the strength you're seeing in the merchant acquiring side. There's been this view among some Fintech investors that Elavon is a legacy player using legacy technology and losing share in merchant acquiring, but Nielsen published its market share stats for the U.S. merchant acquirers and it shows Elavon actually moved up from #8 in 2020 to #7 in 2021 based on dollar volume. So from where you stand, do you think the investments that you're making in talech and other digital initiatives can actually help you continue to gain share in the acquiring space? Or is it more effectively protecting your position?
Andy Cecere: No. We do think, Bill, that can allow us to gain share. I think it's a combination of a number of things. Terry talked about the investments we made over the last 3 or 4 years. Our focus on tech-led initiatives and selling points differently than it was 4 or 5 years ago. And then that combination of bringing banking together with merchant processing into a comprehensive product set, we talked about talech and the dashboard, I think all those things position us well for future growth, both growth within the customer base that we have, but also expanding and acquiring new customers.
Operator: And speakers, we don't have any questions over the phone. Please continue.
Jen Thompson: Thank you for listening to our earnings call, and please contact the Investor Relations department, if you have any follow-up questions. That concludes today's call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-19 09:53:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorp's Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Andy Cecere, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and Terry Dolan, Vice Chair and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at 11 AM Central Time through Wednesday, January 26, 2022 at 10.59 PM Central Time. I will now turn the conference call over to Jen Thompson, Director of Investor Relations and Economic Analysis for U.S. Bancorp.
Jen Thompson: Thank you, Natalia, and good morning, everyone. With me today are Andy Cecere, our Chairman, President and CEO; and Terry Dolan, our Chief Financial Officer. During their prepared remarks, Andy and Terry will be referencing a slide presentation. A copy of the slide presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our Web site at usbank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of today's presentation, in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I'll now turn the call over to Andy.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Jen. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining our call. Following our prepared remarks, Terry and I will take any questions you have. I'll begin on Slide 3. In the fourth quarter, we reported earnings per share of $1.07 and generated total revenue of $5.7 billion. We saw strong balance sheet growth this quarter, including deposit growth of over $18 billion, or 4.3% compared with the third quarter.  Average loans grew by 2% linked quarter, or 2.7% excluding the impact of loan forgiveness related to PPP. We are encouraged by the loan growth momentum and we have a positive outlook for 2022 given improving client sentiment and business conditions, and continued strength in certain focused commercial portfolios, such as ABS lending and supply chain financing.  The significant increase in liquidity provided by the strong deposit inflows this quarter puts us in a favorable position to support future balance sheet growth. Deposit growth provided the opportunity for tactical investment and cash management strategies that pressured the net interest margin for the fourth quarter, but was both accretive to net interest income and maintained asset sensitivity for a rising rate environment.  Turning to fees. Underlying client acquisition and market share trends across our business lines were healthy and payment sales trends continue to improve on a year-over-year basis. This quarter, we released $145 million of loan loss reserves, reflecting continued strong credit quality, including a record low net charge-off ratio. In the lower right quadrant, you can see that our book value per share totaled $32.71 at December 31, which was 1.5% higher than September 30th. Our CET1 capital ratio was 10% at 31st.  Slide 4 provides key performance metrics. Slide 5 highlights trends in digital engagement. Digital transactions now account for over 80% of total transactions and digital loan sales account for two thirds of total loan sales. Turning to Slide 6, we continue to believe our initiatives aimed at connecting our banking customers with our payment products and our services, and our payments customers with our banking products and services will allow us to grow our small business relationships by 15% to 20% and related revenue by 25% to 30% over the next few years.  Now let me turn the call over to Terry to provide more detail on the quarter.
Terry Dolan: Thanks, Andy. If you turn to Slide 7, I'll start with a balance sheet review followed by a discussion of fourth quarter earnings trends. Average loans increased 2.0% compared to the third quarter driven by a 2.6% increase in commercial loans which benefited from new business activity and improved utilization rates.  Retail loan growth was driven primarily by higher credit card balances, growth in residential mortgages and strong production of installment loans, including auto lending. At December 31st, PPP loan balances totaled $1.4 billion compared to $2.4 billion at September 30th. Excluding PPP loans, fourth quarter average loans grew by 2.7% on a linked quarter basis.  Turning to Slide 8. Total average deposits increased by $18.4 billion or 4.3% compared with the third quarter. We continue to see a favorable mix shift with average noninterest-bearing deposits increasing by 5.4% and average savings deposits increasing by 4.4%, while higher cost time deposits declined by 3.0%.  Slide 9 shows credit quality trends. The ratio of nonperforming assets to loans and other real estate was 0.28% at December 31st compared with 0.32% at September 30th and 0.44% a year ago. Our fourth quarter net charge-off ratio of 0.17% improved on both a linked quarter and year-over-year basis.  Borrower liquidity and stronger asset valuations continued to support repayment and recovery of problem loans. Our reserve release was $145 million this quarter, primarily reflecting strong credit quality metrics. Our allowance for credit losses as of September 31st totaled $6.2 billion, or 1.97% of loans.  Slide 10 provides an earnings summary. In the fourth quarter of 2021, we earned $1.07 per diluted share. These results included a reserve release of $145 million. Turning to Slide 11, net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis of $3.2 billion came in a little higher than our expectations. The $47 million decrease compared with the third quarter was driven by an $82 million decline in PPP interest and fees, partially offset by earning asset growth. Our net interest margin declined by 13 basis points on a linked quarter basis to 2.40%. The net interest margin decline was related to a 6 basis point impact from lower PPP loan interest and fees and a 6 basis point impact from elevated liquidity and related investment portfolio and cash management strategies aimed at optimizing our asset sensitivity going into 2022. Slide 12 highlights trends in noninterest income. Compared with the year ago, noninterest income declined by 0.6% as strong growth in payments revenue, trust and investment management fees, deposit service charges and commercial product revenue was more than offset by a decrease in mortgage revenue, reflecting the interest rate environment and lower securities gains and other fee revenue.  On a linked quarter basis, noninterest income declined by 5.9%, primarily reflecting seasonally lower payments and capital markets revenues and declining mortgage banking revenue as expected.  Slide 13 provides information on our payment services businesses. Sales volumes in each of our three businesses exceeded pre-pandemic levels in the fourth quarter despite some Omicron-related softness in late December.  We expect year-over-year payments momentum to continue into 2022 as lagging sectors such as airline, hospitality, and corporate T&E benefit from a continuous cyclical recovery toward pre-pandemic levels, and as our multiyear investments in e-commerce and tech led drive secular growth improvements.  As we saw in our earnings press release this morning, effective January 3rd, U.S. Bank has eliminated fees for certain non-sufficient funds. We believe this is not only the right thing to do for customers, but it is a smart business decision.  For some time, we have been at the forefront of using digital technology to help our customers avoid overdraft charges, and our efforts have helped our customers more easily and effectively manage their money, which has contributed to increased customer satisfaction. This latest move is simply the next step in the process.  Turning to Slide 14, noninterest expense increased by $104 million or 3.0% compared with the third quarter. This increase was driven by higher medical claims within employee benefit expense and higher professional services expenses, higher marketing and business development costs. Tax credit amortization expense was also higher in the fourth quarter in line with typical seasonal trends.  Slide 15 highlights our capital position. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio at December 31st was 10.0%, which decreased slightly compared with September 30th, driven by risk weighted asset growth and the impact of acquisitions completed near the end of the quarter.  As a reminder, at the beginning of the third quarter, we suspended our share buyback program due to our recent announcement that we have agreed to acquire Union Bank. We continue to expect that our share repurchase program will be deferred until the second half of 2022. After the closing of the acquisition, we expect to operate at a CET1 capital ratio between our target ratio and 9.0%.  I will now provide some forward-looking guidance. We expect both net interest income on a taxable equivalent basis as well as our net interest margin to be relatively stable on a linked quarter basis with growth expected in subsequent quarters.  Under our base case scenario, which incorporates three rate hikes, we expect full year 2022 net interest income on a taxable equivalent basis to increase at a mid single digit pace. We expect mortgage revenue to be slightly lower in the first quarter on a linked quarter basis in line with slower refinancing activity in the market. Payments revenue is seasonally lower in the first quarter. On a year-over-year basis, we expect total revenue to increase at a high single digit pace driven by double digit growth in both merchant processing revenue and corporate payments revenue.  We expect credit card revenue to be stable on a year-over-year basis, as high single digit growth in credit and debit card fees is offset by lower prepaid processing fees. Excluding the prepaid headwind which will abate after the first quarter, we expect total payment revenue to increase at a low teen rate on a year-over-year basis in the first quarter.  We expect other revenue to approximate $125 million to $150 million per quarter over the course of 2022. We expect expenses to be relatively stable in the first quarter compared with the fourth quarter. Credit quality remains strong.  Over the next few quarters, we expect the net charge-off ratio to remain lower than historical levels, but will normalize over time as the effects of the pandemic continue to subside. For the full year of 2022, we expect our taxable equivalent tax rate to be approximately 21.0%.  I will hand it back to Andy for closing comments.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Terry. Fourth quarter results were in line with our expectations and we are starting off the year with momentum building across our lending and fee businesses. We feel good about the trajectory of loan growth and are well positioned to benefit from rising rate environment. We expect client acquisition growth and account penetration to drive market share gains across our fee businesses.  In particular, we believe 2022 will be another good year for our payments business. Due to the Omicron surge, year-over-year sales growth has slowed somewhat in the past few weeks from the exceptionally strong pace we saw in the second half of 2021. However, if growth rates remain strong and we believe this will likely prove to be a speed bump rather than an extended slowdown, nonetheless the situation is fluid and we'll continue to monitor trends closely and update you along the way.  Our investments in technology to support our digital transformation and payments ecosystem initiatives are paying off, and we continue to look for uses of capital that will drive higher returns. In the fourth quarter, we acquired TravelBank, a FinTech that provides tech-driven expense and travel management solutions to help businesses manage their operations more efficiently.  Also, in the fourth quarter, we closed on the acquisition of PFM Asset Management, which not only increased our assets under management, but has enhanced our position in a niche area within the money market world. We are looking forward to closing our previously announced acquisition of Union Bank later this year.  The addition of Union Bank will increase our scale, improve our market share in a demographically attractive market, and add over 1 million consumer clients and over 190,000 business banking customers to whom we can offer our leading digital capabilities and our expansive product set. The strategic and financial benefits of this combination will accrue to shareholders over many years.  But the numbers only tell part of the U.S. Bank story. As we start a new year, I want to emphasize that how we do things will continue to as important as what we do. And so in closing, I'd like to thank our employees who come in every day with the goal of doing the right thing for our customers, our communities, their fellow employees, and all our constituents. Thank you for helping to make 2021 a successful year and position us well for the future.  We will now open up the call to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question is from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, everybody. Thank you for taking my questions.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Siefers: Let's see. Maybe Terry, was hoping you could please discuss in just a bit more detail your updated thoughts on rate sensitivity, given some of the changes in the balance sheet in the fourth quarter?
Terry Dolan: Yes. So we had the opportunity because of the deposit flows to be able to both invest in securities to help a little bit in terms of the fourth quarter. But we also, at the same time, utilized hedging strategies to keep the duration of those purchases relatively short. And the expectation, Scott, is that when long-term rates rise, which we're starting to see now, that we're going to be able to unwind those swaps and to be able to take advantage of the rising rate environment. So we did all of that fundamentally to be able to maintain as much asset sensitivity going into 2022 as we possibly could.
Scott Siefers: Perfect. Okay, good. Thank you. And then perhaps either for Andy or Terry, maybe just a thought or comment regarding the anticipated kind of composition of loan growth through 2022, certainly sounds like a constructive outlook, but maybe just kind of commercial versus consumer as you see it?
Terry Dolan: Yes. So maybe I'll just kind of start with fourth quarter. One of the things we saw in the fourth quarter, not only strong consumer continuing, but the C&I portfolio actually starting to expand very nicely. And we talked a little bit about that. So as we look into 2022, we continue to expect that consumer credit is going to continue to strengthen. Auto lending may be a little bit more moderate than it was in 2022, but I think credit card continues to be very strong as payment rates come down. And then we also would expect that residential mortgage portfolio loans would be growing. But I think the real story is that we're now starting to see a nice shift with respect to the commercial and the C&I portfolios. We're continuing to see growth in certain segments, like asset-backed securitization, lending and some of those sorts of things that we saw earlier in the year. But at the end of the fourth quarter, we saw a nice expansion of utilization rates. I think it was like 60 basis points on average, third versus fourth quarter, but in December it was up almost 2.5%. And we would expect to kind of see that. I think the other thing I would say is that sentiment on the commercial side, people are rebuilding their inventories. I think from a supply chain perspective, they still have some concerns about that. And so I think that they're being cautious about making sure that they have inventory to be able to run their business. And I think they're starting to make business investments ahead of the consumer spend that they see the economic growth that they see in 2022. So Andy, what would you add?
Andy Cecere: Terry, I think you hit the high points. And two track changes in trends in the fourth quarter that look positive going into '22, Scott. Number one, as Terry mentioned, the increase in utilization rates, which we haven't seen for a number of quarters. And secondly is this started a decline in payment rates, which helps credit card volumes. So those are two positives I call out as well.
Scott Siefers: Perfect. All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning, Terry. Good morning, Andy. Andy, coming back to the big transaction that obviously you guys are doing, you touched on all the benefits the Union Bank will bring to the table to U.S. Bancorp. Can you share with us what the update is on the regulatory approval process? There's a lot of obviously uncertainty in Washington today at the Fed and other regulatory agencies with the new heads coming in over time, maybe an update. Could this be delayed? What is the risk of it just being delayed getting the approval?
Andy Cecere: Yes. Thanks, Gerard. So we submitted our application in early October. We've been working with Union Bank, and we have a number of acquisition teams both on our side as well as the Union Bank side working on integration activities, including technology as well as the business lines. And we've been responding and working with the regulators in terms of questions on the submission, which is normal course for this process. So we continue to believe that this will close in the first half. It may be later in the first half, but that's our continued belief with a conversion in late third quarter or September-October timeframe. So nothing to have us believe that it would be any different from that, and we're preparing for that timeframe.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good, thank you.
Andy Cecere: Sure.
Gerard Cassidy: Obviously, there's a lot of discussion on your call and other calls about asset sensitivity and what the outlook is for this year. But pivoting for a moment, I'm kind of looking at what we're all going to be talking about on the fourth quarter call for '22 in January of '23. And I get a sense it might be more about credit than it is today. And you guys have stood out as being some of the best underwriters in the industry. Can you share with us what are you seeing out there in terms of underwriting from your competitors? Are people getting more aggressive to generate revenue, loan growth or no, everybody's still pretty conservative?
Terry Dolan: Yes. Gerard, I think what I would -- the way I would kind of describe it, from our perspective, we haven't changed our credit box really at all. We really try to underwrite through the cycle. I think that there has been a lot of competition in the industry for loan growth over the last 12 months. And as you know, when the cycle turns, it's the decisions you made today that are going to end up impacting you two or three years down the road. So I do think that credit normalizes as we go through the year. I don't know if we can quite get back to where we were pre-pandemic, but I think that it will start to migrate in that direction. I would say that if there is loosening from an underwriting perspective, maybe we'll stretch it a little bit more with respect to structure, but it has been competitive both from an underwriting perspective as well as from a pricing perspective out there.
Gerard Cassidy: And just to follow up on that quickly, Terry, how about exceptions? Are you seeing more exceptions to the credit underwriting box to get deals done?
Terry Dolan: Again, from our perspective, we really haven't changed our approach at all. Again, I think from a competitive standpoint, again, they're focused on being as competitive as they possibly can in terms of their underwriting and their structures and their pricing. But from our perspective, we haven't really changed our approach.
Gerard Cassidy: As always, thank you. I appreciate the color.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Gerard.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John McDonald with Autonomous Research.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, John.
John McDonald: Hi. Good morning, guys. Andy, maybe from a high level perspective, you might not want to give specific guidance, but just kind of your thoughts about the revenue and expense dynamics that you're looking at heading into '22, maybe some thoughts on the revenue headwinds and tailwinds that you're looking at and how you plan on managing inflation on the expense space? And just kind of overall, how does operating leverage feel as a goal for this year?
Andy Cecere: Sure, John. And Terry gave a little guidance on net interest income for the year, but I will talk about the full balance sheet and income statement. We continue to expect mid single digit earning asset growth for the year. That loan momentum that we talked about looks positive going into 2022. We would expect revenue growth of 3% to 4%, John, on a full year basis as well as positive operating leverage of at least 100 basis points for 2022.
John McDonald: Got it. And then maybe just a question on the NII guide, Terry. You mentioned three hikes. What's the cadence of what you've built in on that? And is there any rule of thumb for what one Fed hike of 25 basis points does to the NIM or NII, everything else equal, that might be helpful for us? Thanks.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So our base case, as we said, bakes in three rate hikes, really started in the second quarter and then kind of as you might expect through the rest of the year. If you go back to just our disclosures at the end of third quarter, it really hasn't changed a lot. 50 basis points shock is about 3.5% from a net interest income standpoint. So I would kind of refer you back to that. If you think about three rate hikes kind of on that pace, you're probably talking about the equivalency of about a 35 basis point shock. So if you're kind of doing the math, you can kind of go to that.
Andy Cecere: And, Terry, all those numbers are the impacts of net interest income. In addition, we have our waivers which total about $70 million a quarter, John, and you get about two thirds of that back at the first rate hike of 25 basis points and about 90% of it back at the second rate hike.
John McDonald: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Sure.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: Hi. Good morning.
Andy Cecere: Hi, Betsy.
Terry Dolan: Good morning, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: Hi. A couple of questions. Just on the guide, a couple of cleanups. The NII, mid single digit pace. Is that a q-on-q for 1Q or thats a full year '22 versus full year '21, excluding Union Bank?
Andy Cecere: Everything is excluding Union Bank. And it's intended to be the guidance that we're giving for 2022.
Betsy Graseck: Right. So that's versus full year '21.
Andy Cecere: Full year versus full year, yes.
Betsy Graseck: Right. Okay. All right, just wanted to make sure. And then when I'm thinking about the positive operating leverage of at least 100 basis points, that's obviously a nice uptick from what you've been doing recently over the past couple of years, I guess? Can you kind of highlight, is this a function of the rate environment being better primarily or is it also from some of the investments that you've been making that you are leveraging and basically able to switch on the optimization side of the investment spend?
Andy Cecere: Yes, Betsy, I would say it's kind of a combination of both. The improving revenue environment certainly helps that, but we have been, as you say, making some significant investment in digital capabilities. And as that investment matures, we kind of fully expect that we would see some operating efficiencies on the expense side. We have been working through tech modernization, which that helps us and we're always looking for kind of -- from a continuous improvement point of view, trying to optimize the branch network as well as our operations. So I think it's a combination of both.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And on the investment spend side, there'll be some in integrating Union Bank, of course, but beyond that where would you be targeting investment dollars from here?
Andy Cecere: Yes. I think that when we think about our technology investment continuing to have investments in our mortgage business and our digital mobile app capabilities, but a strong focus on real-time payments, money movements, and the whole B2B side of the equation is going to be important. And then, of course, we've been talking about the ecosystem between our payments business and our business banking. And so we'll continue to make investment there. So I think it's kind of a continuation of many of the same themes that we've had over the last year. On a core basis, we really don't expect any significant increase in the investment levels, but we continue to expect that we will maintain those investment levels going forward.
Betsy Graseck: Got it. Okay. Thanks for the color on that.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Betsy.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Usdin: A couple of NII cleanups please. So you mentioned that PPP was an 80 million decline, which I think was bigger than what you had anticipated previously at 60 million to 70 million. I'm just wondering, what kind of PPP decline do you still have in that first quarter outlook for NII flat sequentially?
Andy Cecere: Yes. So the decline from third to fourth quarter was the most significant. It was a little bit higher than what we had expected. Part of that is because some of what we had expected to occur in 2022 actually kind of got pulled forward into the fourth quarter. Currently in our baseline or expectation is that there will be a very immaterial decline in PPP going from fourth to first. It's about $15 million, $16 million. So it's pretty insignificant.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And is that the last kind of meaningful step down from there or there's a pretty much wind out from there, just trying to get to like that baseline where we can --?
Andy Cecere: Really, we look at 2022 as being past PPP in all respects. So yes, I would agree that the first quarter is probably the last step down that we have. And again, it's not really significant and it's incorporated into our guidance.
Ken Usdin: Yes. Okay. Second question, obviously, you did decide to buy securities, it looks like 30-something-billion. The yield on the book went down a little bit. Just wondering if you can help us understand the premium and delta and also just where you're buying versus runoff, front book-back book at this point? Thanks.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So you're right. We did step up the investment portfolio a lot. It has to do with what I talked about earlier in that deployment of excess cash. We made that deployment in the fourth quarter. And while we did it in treasuries, we swapped it short. And so that is why you see net interest margin coming down as well as the yields related to the investment portfolio coming down. But we also did that because we want maximum flexibility as rates are -- as long-term rates start to rise, we would expect to kind of unwind the benefit coming through in 2022. So that's kind of how we're positioned in it. In terms of the overall investment portfolio, the vast majority of it was shorter term and with the hedging strategies.
Ken Usdin: And just to follow up on that. So when you say you unwind it, do you mean that you're at the right size now or you'd rather see it go into loans remaining? Like how do you think about the mix of the balance sheet and earning asset mix as you look further ahead?
Terry Dolan: Yes. As we go forward, I would expect that our investment portfolio will be relatively flat to fourth quarter levels. That's kind of our expectation. So the vast majority of earning asset growth is more on the loan side than it is in other areas.
Ken Usdin: Okay, understood. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John Pancari with Evercore.
Andy Cecere: Hi, John.
John Pancari: Good morning. Just on the loan growth front, I heard the color you gave in terms some of the drivers you saw in the quarter on the commercial side, et cetera. The end of period balances came in a fair amount above average. Is that a good indicator as we model out? And then separately, anything you can attribute aside from just the continued macro strengthening to the notable strength you saw in end of period growth this quarter? Its better than a lot of your peer banks. Any calling efforts or pricing campaign or anything else to call out on that front? Thanks.
Terry Dolan: Yes, so youre right, John. We did see some pretty significant growth in terms of end of period balances. I think that that sets us up well with respect to 2022. One of the things its a little bit hard because you have LIBOR transition, everything else happening. We dont know whether or not some of that is just people pulling forward LIBOR a little bit into 2021. But when we talk to our customers, I guess the thing that we see is that the underlying momentum and the underlying sentiment is pretty strong. Theyre actively out building their inventories again and all those sorts of things, I think, is when we think about kind of our baseline growth going into 2022, why were pretty optimistic. But you are right. The end of period balance growth was pretty significant for us, and it wasnt because of any one specific thing that we were doing. It was pretty broad based across segments, across categories and across geographies.
John Pancari: Got it. Thanks, Terry. Thats helpful. And then separately on the payment side, just higher level. Given the clearly intensely competitive payments backdrop, I want to see if you can kind of elaborate on U.S. Bancorps value proposition in the payments business as we continue to get this macro reopening or strengthening. And if T&E spend rebounds as youve been flagging, how would you characterize your positioning in terms of a value proposition for customers? Thanks.
Andy Cecere: Yes, John. So weve talked about the fact that were trying to really weave together our banking products together with our payment products and a comprehensive product set to help businesses, business banking customers basically manage the way theyre running their cash flows and their business on a day-to-day basis. And thats our value proposition is that combination of payments and banking in easy-to-use dashboard information to help them run their businesses and manage their cash flows on a day-to-day basis. Thats consistent with the TravelBank acquisition that we made in the third quarter and other acquisitions, Bento, and others that we made earlier in the year. So thats the objective. And well continue to focus on that. And I would highlight the simplicity component of that, the navigation. The simplicity of use is a real key to that on a go-forward basis.
John Pancari: Got it. All right, thanks. And then one follow up to that, Andy. Just regarding that strategy, do you think you need bolt-on deals or anything on the FinTech side to continue to affect that strategy or do you think you have what you need?
Andy Cecere: I think weve made a lot of investment, both organic as well as acquisition in this capability. Were going to continue to focus on it, as Terry mentioned, but I think we have most of what we need. We just continue to model or refine the capabilities and simplify the offering.
John Pancari: Got it. Thanks, Andy.
Andy Cecere: Sure.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Bill.
Terry Dolan: Good morning, Bill.
Bill Carcache: Hi. Good morning, Andy and Terry. I wanted to follow up on Slide 6. Within your business banking relationships at the left, there was a modest increase in the number of customers that are now also payments customers from last quarter. Can you frame for us what the revenue benefit is of seeing that light blue region continue to grow over time? And how high can that 28% go?
Andy Cecere: Well, again, we think that we can get additional movement on both of those charts, more banking customers using payments capabilities and more banking using payments. We talk about the number of customers. The revenue in that total bucket is about $1.5 billion as we think about the penetration. So thats the base were working with.
Bill Carcache: Understood. And then maybe separately, can you give a little bit of color on the process for converting some of those business banking customers -- the business banking only customers in that dark blue region to also be users of payments products? Just curious what the receptivity has been so far. And have you come across any pushback from customers who may already be using alternative payment solutions or has the customer base been broadly receptive?
Andy Cecere: I would say that its early innings, Bill. Let me start there. But I think the fundamental offering, which is a simple, easy to use combination of banking and payments products in one simple dashboard to help them manage their cash flows is a receptive thought from a consumer -- from a business standpoint. And thats really what were focused on. Again, many of the customers have a banking product or a payments product, but its weaving it together for that offering that were focused on. And the receptivity of that has been pretty strong.
Bill Carcache: Got it. And then lastly, if I could squeeze in one final one. On the increase in expenses attributable to competition and employee benefits, can you parse out for us how much of that was a function of greater production versus inflationary pressures and how much of that upward pressure youd expect to persist?
Terry Dolan: Yes. Certainly what we ended up seeing, for example, in the Capital Markets business, it was stronger. So some of it is related to production incentives, a fair amount of it in the fourth quarter is also related to performance-based incentives that are driven by the overall performance of the company. So we certainly did see that. I would say, and maybe Andy you want to comment as well, certainly there is a lot of competition for talent thats out there. And I think the pressure is especially when youre looking for high skilled areas in technology and development, payments and/or digital sort of space, if youre in the hiring mode, youre paying top dollar in order to be able to acquire that. But that competition for talent is certainly increasing and out there.
Andy Cecere: I think thats right, Terry. And sometimes it takes a little longer and sometimes a little bit more expensive, but thats all been incorporated in the guidance that we offered for 2022. And as a reminder, the other area that is challenging in this environment is entry level employees in the branch side. And we get the benefit of having Union Bank combine with us this year, which I think is a positive. And as we talked about, were committing to frontline employees on the branch side to employment. And in this environment, thats a positive.
Bill Carcache: Very helpful. Thank you for taking my questions, Andy and Terry.
Andy Cecere: Sure.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David Long with Raymond James.
David Long: Good morning, everyone.
Andy Cecere: Hi, David.
Terry Dolan: Hi, David.
David Long: The last remaining question I have is related to your reserve level. And if you look back pre-pandemic, I think you guys were targeting close to 2% in reserves. Youre below that now, just below that. What is the right CECL level of reserves for U.S. Bancorp here? And within your current reserves on the qualitative side, how much do you have built in for maybe Omicron or the pandemic still as part of that?
Terry Dolan: Yes, David, probably the way I would describe the last one is we still certainly believe that theres some level of uncertainty thats out there in the economy, and so we take that into consideration when we go through the different scenarios that we kind of model out. Maybe kind of coming back to your first question, what is the right level? Obviously thats going to end up based upon economic outlook and what happens with respect to credit quality. But what I would say and youre right, we started the pre-pandemic or the adoption of CECL at about 2%. When you end up looking at the mix of the portfolio and how it shifted, were kind of right at -- were right at kind of the level that we had started with I guess is the way I would describe it. From a reserving point of view, I would just kind of keep in mind from -- in terms of CECL you have to provide for loan growth on day one. And so as loan portfolio start to grow across the industry, I think that dynamic of reserve release will probably change a bit going into 2022. And again, all of thats been kind of taken into consideration when were thinking about our baseline forecast for 2022.
David Long: Got it. Thank you. I appreciate the color.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities.
Andy Cecere: Hi, Mike.
Mike Mayo: Hi. Im going to give the question and then Ill give a wind up and Ill come back. But my question is why are you not planning for even higher positive operating leverage in 2022? And as you know, going back in time it was either some combination of Jerry Grundhofer or Jack Grundhofer or Richard Davis who said if you grow revenues faster than expenses, great things happen. And Ive asked this question before. For the last five years, you guys have had negative operating leverage. And during that time, the stock price has barely moved as of year-end when banks are up almost half and the market has doubled. So I think theres some relationship between the two. So its good that youre guiding for positive operating leverage in 2022. I think that would be the first year in six years when youd achieve that on a core basis. But I think youre guiding for 7% to 9% revenue growth for this year. So I guess that implies 6% to 8% expense growth, which still seems to be a lot of spending. I get it. Theres wage pressures. So it seems to me that just from the benefit of rates, you can get positive operating leverage, which means the tech investments arent paying off to the bottom line. I dont question whether theyre paying off. Youre a conservative, trustworthy bank. But are the tech investments paying off in a way that we as investors can see those? And why dont you have higher positive operating leverage guidance? Thanks.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Well, let me start with revenue just because I want to make sure that were all on the same page. Earlier in the comments, we talked about the fact that we expect total revenue growth in 2022 to be in the range of 3% to 4%. When you think about the components of it, Mike, the net interest income is probably going to be at the higher end or maybe even a little above that range, but fee income is probably going to be growing at the lower end or maybe a little bit below that range. And the primary drivers when you think about fee income, we are still going to see in a rising rate environment mortgage banking revenue coming down. And then in our at least residual portfolio, end of term losses will be coming -- end of term gains will be coming down a bit and that shows up in other income. So I think that theres a couple of things that will mute the growth in fee income. The other thing that we talked about a little bit earlier is some changes in terms of our overall -- our overdraft pricing, and thats going to have a bit of a drag in terms of deposit and service charges in terms of fee income. So the range of growth, again, for 2022 in terms of total revenue is in that 3% to 4% range. So maybe that kind of level sets us with respect to our guidance or our expectations for revenue. On the expenses, and Ill have Andy kind of weigh in, but at least 100 basis points of positive operating leverage is kind of what our expectation or target is. Thats going to be balancing short-term and long-term expectations in terms of investment. But were very committed to being able to deliver at least that in 2022. So, Andy, what would you add regarding the investment?
Andy Cecere: Yes, Mike, and just to comment on your question overall, weve been focused on making the necessary investments in our digital capabilities and our payments business as weve talked about that. We talked to you about that. And our objective is to position ourselves to be successful in this environment, and I think we are. Were in a strong position, and I think were going to start to see the benefits both from a revenue growth standpoint as well as an expense efficiency standpoint, particularly as we see the secular trends starting to increase overall. So we made those investments eyes wide open, very intentional, at the same time balancing some short-term expense opportunities on the operating core basis. But I think on a go-forward basis, youre going to see positive operating leverage because of those investments.
Mike Mayo: So just to follow up on the technology part, when we think about your level of investments, is that still increasing? Is it increasing at a slower rate? And my understanding was your past investments were for foundation building, non-revenue areas. And now the investments are for revenue areas. So if you could just think in terms of the tech investing relative to the payoff, where are you in terms of reaping those benefits?
Terry Dolan: Yes, Mike, were level off. So were not going to continue to see increases in those investments. We did see some increases in the past five years, but I think were at level set area right now, number one. Number two, we migrated from about 40/60 defense and offense to 60/40 offense right now. So most of the investments were making are for revenue-generating areas, digital capabilities, payments, business banking and the other things weve talked about.
Andy Cecere: And the other thing that I would just add maybe is, and this is really more kind of looking into 2023, we dont really see a need to increase the amount of investment, even with bringing Union Bank into the U.S. Bank fold. And thats because, as weve talked about in the past, most of this is just a lift and shift from their systems to ours. And so well be able to leverage all the investment that weve been making and bring a lot of digital capabilities to their customer base.
Mike Mayo: Great. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Vivek Juneja with JPMorgan.
Andy Cecere: Hi, Vivek. How are you doing?
Vivek Juneja: Hi, Andy. Hi, Terry. A couple of questions. Credit cards, your period end was up only I think like 1.5% linked quarter. You saw a bigger jump in certainly the Fed weekly data. Any color on whats going on there, why it was slow for you guys?
Andy Cecere: In terms of credit card revenue? Credit card and debit card revenue?
Vivek Juneja: No, credit card loans, period end loans.
Andy Cecere: Yes, what was really being still impacted at least for us is the payment rate is still relatively high. It did peak in the third quarter. It came down just a little bit in the fourth quarter. So until we start to see that measurably improve, I think thats going to end up impacting growth rates in credit card loan balances. Our expectation though, Vivek, is those payment rates do start to migrate down nicely as 2022 progresses. And so I do think that thats going to be a bit of a tailwind for us as we think about loan growth. And it will also help net interest margin and obviously net interest income.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. Second question, the merchant processing decline in fees that you saw quarter-over-quarter, was that all Omicron-related coming in December or was there something else going on there too?
Andy Cecere: Yes, from third to fourth quarter, thats really -- very, very little is really related to Omicron. We did see a little bit of a slow up that was kind of late in December. Really what is happening there is that as sales continue to pick up in travel and that sector, that tends to be a little bit of a different rate and so its more of a mix thing than it is anything else, Vivek.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your final question is from the line of Erika Najarian with UBS.
Terry Dolan: Good morning, Erika.
Andy Cecere: Hi, Erika.
Erika Najarian: Im trying to figure out given your outlook for positive operating leverage, why the stock has opened so weakly. So maybe following up on Viveks question, I think that The Street had anticipated a much lower or lesser seasonal step-down in payments. So whats happened with the interchange rate in the quarter?
Terry Dolan: Yes, so let me again just kind of step back. When we think about kind of seasonality in the payments business overall, usually from third to fourth quarter, credit and debit card, depending upon the amount of investment were making at that particular point in time, is usually -- fourth quarter is a little bit better than third quarter. But merchant and corporate payments, typically fourth quarter is seasonally lower and thats fundamentally kind of what we saw both in terms of merchant and corporate. Now corporate ends up getting impacted by government spend, which tends to be highest in the third quarter. You get the effect of holidays impacting travel and all sorts of things with respect to payments and that sort of thing. Thats why that tends to step down. So I think what we ended up seeing is fairly similar to what we would have expected in terms of the seasonality of the businesses.
Erika Najarian: And the lower interchange rate that you that mentioned on Slide 12, was that anything unusual there?
Terry Dolan: Yes. Again, I think that that ends up getting impacted by the mix of the business. So as travel grows, the interchange rates and the margins associated with that particular business in the merchant acquiring is at narrower spreads. And so as that is recovering, it ends up impacting the margins a little bit.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Okay. And just to take another step back, on your net interest income guide for three rate hikes mid single digit, what kind of deposit betas are you assuming? I think everybody is very well aware that your corporate trust deposits are quite rate sensitive. But has there been a change in your mix since the '15, '18 rate cycle? And in general, what have you baked into your NII guide for deposit re-pricing and what do you expect to actually happen?
Terry Dolan: Yes. So maybe at a high level, typically what we see in the early stages of rising rates is that deposit betas dont move a lot in any of the different categories. But you are right. The trust -- corporate trust deposits tend to be a little bit more sensitive as you get into maybe the second or third rate hike. And so when we think about maybe that first 50 basis points, we would expect deposit betas to probably be in that 15 to 25 range and then progressively getting a little bit stronger as the cycle continues. And thats kind how we think about it. Now, I would say that when we have looked at the mix of business we have had today versus lets say four, five years ago, we have kind of a strong mix of consumer base where we have seen a lot of the growth in deposits in 2021 was actually on the consumer side of the equation as opposed to some of the other businesses. And so the deposit beta -- my expectation is deposit betas especially in the early stages are probably a little bit lower than what we have experienced in the past.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And just maybe a last one for Andy. As we think about USB in a cost inflationary environment but in an environment where, as you said to Mike, where your investment spend is steady state, what is really the underlying -- forget just '22, but going forward the next three years, what is the underlying expense growth of this company? And you had mentioned I think at a conference in 2021 that low 50s is something that you could achieve from an efficiency standpoint. Is that something that can only be achieved with the deals that you have pending?
Andy Cecere: So, Erika, part of achieving that is also getting back to a more normal revenue environment which were starting to migrate to with rates as we talked about in terms of our assumptions. I would expect next year, again, that revenue growth to be well below -- that expense growth to be well below revenue growth and positive operating leverage, and I would expect us to achieve that on a go-forward basis. Weve made the investments to position ourselves to be successful. Those investments are going to result in additional revenue but also importantly more efficiencies in the operations. So those digital capabilities allow us to do things more effectively and more efficiently, and weve also optimized the branch network and were going to continue focus on that. So its sort of this balance, Erika, of optimizing the current to continue to invest for the future, and thats what weve done and thats what well continue to do.
Erika Najarian: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We do have a follow up from the line of John McDonald with Autonomous Research.
Andy Cecere: Hi, John.
John McDonald: Hi, thanks. Two quick follow ups, one for Terry, one for Andy. Terry, could you quantify the impact of the changes youre making, the customer-friendly changes to the NSF and OD fees and what that might be for this year on a go-forward basis as well? And then, Andy, just kind of wondering, with all the dynamics in Washington, people are worried about the deal approval process for you and others getting delayed. Whats the cost of that to the organization? Are you doing a lot of prep work that gets put on hold? And if you do end up waiting longer for approval, what kind of cost is that to the organization? And just some thoughts on that would be helpful. Thank you both.
Terry Dolan: Yes, so let me address the overdraft. If you end up looking at our call reports, 2021, I think our overdraft fees were about -- a little less than 2% of total revenue or $340 million. And on a fully implemented sort of basis, we would expect that that impact of the change that were making is probably in that $160 million to $170 million. And well probably end up realizing about 75% of that next year. And the other thing that I would just mention is that with fee waivers -- from a fee income standpoint, and weve taken both of these things into consideration, fee waivers will help offset most of that.
John McDonald: Okay. Terry, so I just -- next year, does that mean this year or --?
Terry Dolan: Yes. In 2022, we would realize about 75% of the full effect.
John McDonald: Yes. Okay.
Andy Cecere: And John, were not incurring a lot of incremental expense right now as part of the integration efforts. We have teams working on it, but theyre not what I would call incremental in nature. The impact of a delay would be really delaying the efficiencies and the cost takeouts thats we projected for you, and that would be the principal impact.
John McDonald: Got it. Okay. Thanks.
Andy Cecere: Sure.
Operator: I will turn the call back over for any closing remarks.
Jen Thompson: Okay. Thank you everyone for listening to our earnings call. Please contact the Investor Relations department if you have any follow-up questions.
Operator: This concludes the U.S. Bancorp's fourth quarter 2021 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-14 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorp's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Andy Cecere, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and Terry Dolan, Vice Chair and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately 10 AM Central Time through Thursday, October 21, 2021 at 10:59 PM Central Time. I will now turn the conference call over to Jen Thompson, Director of Investor Relations and Economic Analysis for U.S. Bancorp.
Jen Thompson: Thank you, Erica, and good morning, everyone. With me today are Andy Cecere, our Chairman, President and CEO; and Terry Dolan, our Chief Financial Officer.  During their prepared remarks, Andy and Terry will be referencing a slide presentation. A copy of the slide presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at usbank.com. I'd like to remind you that any forward looking statements made during today's call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of today's presentation, in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I'll now turn the call over to Andy.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Jen. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining our call. Following our prepared remarks, Terry and I will take any questions you have. I'll begin on slide 3. In the third quarter, we reported earnings per share of $1.30 and generate total revenue of $5.9 billion. Our linked quarter pretax pre-provision net revenue growth of 2.7% was driven by continued momentum across our fee businesses, growth in average loan balances, and continued focus on expense management resulting in positive operating leverage. We released $310 million of loan loss reserves this quarter, supported by our outlook on the economy and better-than-expected credit quality metrics. Turning to capital; our book value per share totaled $32.22 at September 30th which was 1.5% higher than June 30th. Our CET1 ratio was 10.2% at September 30th. Slide 4 provides key third quarter performance metrics including a return on tangible common equity of over 20%. Slide 5 highlights strong trends in digital engagement. On Slide 6, we are providing initial information about our business banking and payment relationships which we plan to update every quarter. Our complete payments ecosystem is a competitive advantage for us and provides a number of cyclical and secular growth opportunities. Over the next few years, we believe there is a significant potential to expand and deepen relationships within this ecosystem. Our starting point is that we have about 1.1 million business banking relationships, which we define as businesses with under $25 million in revenue. Currently, about half of our payments customers of this size have a business banking product, and just under one third of our business banking customers have a payments product. The opportunity is to both increase the number of business banking relationships and to deepen these relationships by connecting our banking customers with our payments, products and services, and connecting our payments customers with our banking products and services. As we discussed previously, we believe we can grow our small business relationships by 15% to 20% and related revenue by 25% to 30% over the next few years. Now let me turn the call over to Terry who will provide more detail on the quarter. 
Terry Dolan: Thanks, Andy. If you turn on Slide 7, I'll start with a balance sheet review followed by a discussion of third quarter earnings trends. Average loans increased 0.8% compared with the second quarter driven by growth in other retail loans, primarily installment loans as well as growth in credit card and residential mortgages. This growth was partially offset by lower commercial loan balances which were impacted by lower levels of PPP loans. At September 30, PPP loan balances totaled $2.4 billion compared to $4.9 billion at June 30. Excluding PPP loans, third quarter average loans grew by 1.8% on a linked quarter basis. Turning to Slide 8, average deposits increased 0.5% compared with the second quarter and 6.4% compared with a year ago. On both a linked quarter and year-over-year basis, we continued to benefit from favorable mix shift as average non-interest bearing deposits increased while higher cost time deposits declined. Slide 9 shows credit quality trends. Non-performing assets declined on both a linked quarter and year-over-year basis, and our net charge-off ratio hit a record low of 20 basis points. Our reserve release was $310 million this quarter, primarily reflecting strong credit quality metrics. Our allowance for credit losses as of September 30 totaled $6.3 billion or 2.1% of loans. The allowance level reflected our best estimate of the economic outlook and trajectory of credit quality within the portfolios. Slide 10 provides an earnings summary. In the third quarter of 2021, we earned $1.30 per diluted share. These results include a reserve release of $310 million. Turning to Slide 11, net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis of $3.2 billion increased by 1.0% compared with the second quarter. The growth was primarily driven by higher loan fees associated with the Paycheck Protection Program. Excluding PPP-related fees, net interest income would have been stable, reflecting lower loan yields and the impact of change in loan mix offset by the beneficial impact of core loan growth, lower premium amortization, and an additional day in the quarter. Our net interest margin was stable compared with the second quarter. Slide 12 highlights trends in non-interest income. Compared with a year ago, noninterest income declined 0.7% as decreases in mortgage revenue and commercial products revenue more than offset strong growth in payments revenue, trust and investment management fees, deposit service charges, and treasury management fees. On a linked-quarter basis, noninterest income increased 2.8%, reflecting higher than expected payments revenue and a 20% increase in mortgage revenue driven by growth in production volume and related gain on sale margins, as well as higher loan sales. Slide 13 provides information on our payment services business. Our payments business continues to benefit from improving economic conditions and spend activity. In the third quarter, sales volumes for both our credit card and our merchant processing businesses exceeded the pandemic compared period in 2019, while CPS volume was about in line. As expected, prepaid card volume declined in the third quarter as the impact of government related stimulus continues to diminish. The reduced prepaid volume resulted in a slight decline in credit and debit card revenue on a linked quarter basis. However, corporate payment revenues increased by 13%, which was better than expected driven by improving business spend activity. Merchant processing revenue increased by 4.8% due to higher merchant and equipment fees as well as higher sales volumes. Turning to slide 14, non-interest expense increased 1.2% compared to the second quarter. This increase primarily reflected higher revenue related compensation and performance-based incentives. Slide 15 highlights our capital position. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio at September 30 was 10.2%, which increased slightly compared to June 30. At the beginning of the third quarter, we suspended our share buyback program due to our recent announcement that we have agreed to acquire MUFGs Union Bank. We expect that our share repurchase program will be deferred until the second quarter of 2022. After the closing of the acquisition, we expect to operate at a CET1 capital ratio between our target ratio and 9.0%. I will now provide some forward looking guidance. As PPP winds down and we approach the end of the forgiveness period, we expect PPP fees to decline $60 million to $70 million in the fourth quarter compared with the third quarter. Excluding the impact of PPP fees, we expect fully taxable equivalent net interest income to be relatively stable on a linked quarter basis. We expect PPP to be immaterial to both net interest income and the net interest margin in 2022. In the fourth quarter, we expect total payments revenue trends to continue to strengthen driven by improving sales volumes. However, the fourth quarter is typically seasonally lower than the third quarter, which affects lead quarter comparisons. In the fourth quarter, we expect to see a seasonal increase in amortization of tax advantaged investments of approximately $60 million, as well as some seasonal impacts in marketing and business investments. Credit quality remains strong. Over the next few quarters, we expect the net charge-off ratio to remain lower than normal. For the full year of 2021, we expect our taxable equivalent tax rate to be approximately 22%. I'll hand it back to Andy for closing remarks.
Andy Cecere: Thanks Terry. To summarize, our third quarter results were positive on several fronts, highlighted by a solid growth in core loans, good fee revenue momentum and strong credit quality. We're finishing off the year in a strong position heading into 2022. And we're excited about the many organic growth opportunities we see across the franchise supported by our continued investment in people, digital technology and data analytics. Our three payments businesses will continue to benefit for the improved spend activity, particularly as consumer and business travel recovers towards pre pandemic levels. More importantly, we believe our secular growth initiatives aimed at connecting payments with banking provide a meaningful potential for market share gains over the medium and longer term. Our business banking initiatives are still in the early innings, but we're gaining traction. And our partnership with State Farm continues to evolve and grow. We are encouraged by the results we're seeing. Aside from our organic growth opportunities, our recently announced acquisition of Union Bank provides a platform to achieve cost synergies, expand our distribution network and demographically attractive West Coast markets and leverage our broad product set and leading digital capabilities across a loyal but under penetrated customer base. All of this will enable us to accelerate revenue and earnings growth and continue to deliver the industry leading returns on equity that our shareholders have come to expect. In closing, I'd like to thank our employees for all they've done throughout the year. We'll now open up the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy from RBC.
GerardCassidy: Good morning, Andy; and good morning, Terry. Andy, slide 6 is very interesting, as you pointed out, it's a new slide. Two questions on this slide. You talked about the growth that you are anticipating in that business banking area to get the customers that are business banking only to be both banking and payments. What percent -- can you get it to the 50% that you have on the other circle with the payments area? Can you get it to that area and how long would it take you to get there? And second, if you put in the Union Bank customers, how large will that 1.1 million grow to?
AndyCecere: So, Gerard, Union Bank has about 190,000 comparable customers. So that would be added to the 1.1 million. And I do believe we can get to your first question that left hand side to the 50:50 at least. Again, the way we're thinking about this product set is really a combination, a dashboard, if you will that helps these customers manage their business, payables, receivables, travel activity, payroll, and so forth in one comprehensive viewpoint. And I think that will allow us to both deepen the relationships as well as expand, so I do believe we can give that 50:50 as well. 
GerardCassidy: Very good. And then as a follow up you guys are well regarded on your credit through the full cycle. And you're pointed out, Terry, that I think that 20 basis points is a record low on net charge-offs. What do you anticipate  when will things kind of normalize and I hate that word, because there's no such thing as normal credit card charge-offs, but it seems like how sustainable are these record low levels do you think as we look out over the next 12 to 24 months? 
TerryDolan: Yes, that's a great question. And your point about it is really being difficult to predict is right on. When we end up looking at and kind of looking at forecasts et cetera., we do expect it's probably going to stay at these lower levels for a few quarters, and that's going to start to normalize, probably doesn't get back there until what we would kind of define as normal, which is kind of 45 basis points to 50 basis points overall until at least the end of 2022 and probably sometime in 2023, but it is very hard to predict.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
BetsyGraseck: Hi, good morning. I had a couple of questions. One was on just loan growth in general. And I wanted to understand where you see some signs of life that might be accelerating as we move into 4Q and into next year, I asked because I saw a nice uptick in the consumer side, but commercial seemed to be a little bit weaker, I am wondering if what you're seeing there. Thanks.
AndyCecere: Yes, so when we ended up looking, first of all, maybe the fourth quarter, we would expect probably modest growth going into the fourth quarter on linked quarter basis. And if you just kind of look at the puts and takes, and I think that this will play out over time, as well, but the puts and takes at least in the near term is that we would continue to expect to see reasonably good growth in our auto lending business, which has been very strong of late. And we would also expect that our credit card balances would start to strengthen, and a big part of that is both consumer spend, but we've also been investing in terms of account growth and various sort of promotional activities, so that will help to drive it. And then, as consumers spend, or excuse me, as government stimulus kind of starts to dissipate, which is, I think been slowly doing, we do expect that that payment rate will start to come down. It's really kind of at a historic high right now. And as that comes down, credit card balances should strengthen.  So, certainly on the consumer side, we expect growth in the near term. The C&I as you said, is a little more challenging. And the principal challenge there is that we continue to see a fair amount of payoffs and then PPP forgiveness is also dampening the C&I growth in that particular space, where we are seeing nice areas of opportunity in C&I is in asset backed securitization type of lending, mortgage, warehouse lines, some supply chain finance activities, those are all areas that have been of particular strength. When we end up looking at kind of middle market space, we are seeing lots of confidence in terms of customers and relatively strong pipelines. And so, we do expect that is an area of opportunity once we get beyond the drag of PPP. So, hopefully that kind of gives you some perspective in terms of some of the puts and takes.
BetsyGraseck: And the PPP in the fourth quarter, I think you indicated it would be down obviously, Q-on-Q. But is it sizable in the fourth quarter?
TerryDolan: Yes, it ends up coming down, and you saw we talked a little bit about the decline this quarter, I think it's going to come down probably half of that, again in the fourth quarter, and then it's hard to tell in terms of does it stabilize at that level or does it come down a little bit further. But our expectation, at least right now, Betsy, is that by the end of the fourth quarter, the vast majority of PPP has been forgiven. And the impact to for example, balances and net interest income and margin will be really immaterial when we think about 2022.
BetsyGraseck: And in the fourth quarter, and is the PPP contribution to NII in the fourth quarter, what do you -- how would you size that?
AndyCecere: I think it's modest Betsy. The peak quarter certainly was the third quarter and becomes very modest in the fourth quarter.
BetsyGraseck: Okay. All right. And then just lastly, as you think about the forward look here on integrating MUFG Union Bank into your operation. How should we be thinking about the trajectory of the efficiencies here? Because when you announced that deal, and we had that conference call, we obviously heard a lot about the cost savings that you're anticipating getting from the MUFG USA side, but I'm wondering, is there a tech angle as well, on your legacy platform that will also be enhanced, and is this one plus one equal two and a half, for example.
AndyCecere: So I think, just to remind you of the timeframes, we did actually put, submit our application for the transaction on October 6, so that is in our expectation is a close sometime late first quarter, early second quarter, with a conversion integration in the third into the fourth quarter of 2022. As we talked about on the call, we would expect about 75% of the savings, the efficiencies to occur in that first year 2023. And as we also talked about, Betsy, the real benefit here is we have the platform and it's a lift and shift from what they do to our platform, which allows for the majority of the cost savings and the second enhancement on that is our platform has more capabilities and in my view, have more opportunities, a better customer experience and more products and services. So there's also a revenue component as well. So in that mind in that view, yes, it is more than just one plus one.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI.
JohnPancari: Good morning. I want to see if you can elaborate a little bit more on the trends you're seeing in your payments business. I know you had mentioned the increased spend activity; I want to see if you can give us a little bit more color on how that breaks out. And then separately, maybe if you can elaborate a little bit on what you're pointing '22 expectation is at this time, based upon the trends you're beginning to see in the payments side. Thanks.
TerryDolan: Yes, so maybe let me take the first part and then Andy can kind of pipe in with respect what we're seeing as we go into 2022, so maybe as a comparable to 2019, first of all, as we said the merchant and the card businesses now above 2019 levels. In the third quarter sales were about almost 5% higher than 2019 in terms of merchant processing. And if you end up looking at credit, debit card 20 plus percent above, where it was in 2019. So those have made really nice recoveries. And also kind of keep in mind that when you end up looking at merchant as an example, airline travel, entertainment is still down quite a bit. And probably, I would say, flattened a bit in the third quarter simply because of the Delta variant. But as we kind of think about going forward, and as you know, the Delta variant kind of subsides a bit we would expect that to start to accelerate again. If you end up looking at the card business, as I said, credit card and debit card business, the sales volumes have been quite strong relative to 2019.  And that's driven by consumer spend, the one thing that will end up impacting card revenue, is the fact that the prepaid continues to come down as government stimulus dissipates, but by the end of the year going into 2022, again the quarter-over-quarter impact will be relatively immaterial. And then the last thing I would just kind of talk about is on the corporate payments side of the equation is pretty much at 2019 levels. But the travel and entertainment, or the T&E spend, is still about 50% to 55%, below 2019. And we would expect that to continue to kind of normalize so we think that there's opportunity, still there for that to continue to strengthen. We have seen what I would say other commercial spend, strengthening quarter-over- quarter, and we would expect that to continue as well.
AndyCecere: I think that's exactly right, Terry. And just to summarize what Terry said, ex travel, airlines, and entertainment activity spend is up versus pre pandemic levels in that 20% range or so. And I would expect that to continue to increase into 2022. I think the real opportunities in our travel category, which is Terry mentioned, if you think about merchant or card, whatever category you look at it is down in that 35% - 40% range as that recovers, that's where a lot of opportunity exists, as well as what Terry mentioned in the corporate travel, entertainment which is down closer to 50%.
JohnPancari: Okay, great, thank you. And then I know you mentioned on the expense side, some marketing and business investments, at least for the fourth quarter, is there anything there that is going to carry through into 2022 as you're putting money into the business? I know you're -- you recently launched the buy now pay later product. So just curious if there's ongoing marketing and business investment that we should consider as we file in expense expectations for 2022?
TerryDolan: Yes, I think as we kind of think about 2022, the level of investment probably doesn't go up significantly from here.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America.
EbrahimPoonawala: Good morning. Just want to one follow up with you on, comments around loan growth, if we specifically if you can address two things. One is the outlook for CRE lending as you think about next year, given potential disruption from -- the just changing work from home et cetera. How you're approaching CRE lending? And on the consumer side, do you expect -- do we need to see a big drawdown in the US savings rate before you actually see consumer lending pick up substantially. Or, as you pointed out, the government's stimulus program fading away are enough to see some next to that growth.
TerryDolan: Yes, so maybe, to the first question with respect to CRE, we actually saw some growth on the linked quarter basis in CRE this quarter. The project level of pipelines, things like that are reasonably strong. As we kind of think about the next couple of quarters, though, I think what we're seeing in the marketplace is pretty strong competition. And so we'll have to kind of watch and see what happens with respect to pay downs, regarding with kind of return to office and some of those impacts, when we end up looking at it, maybe, in terms of the areas to watch I think that as returned office occurs, we are starting to see collateral valuations improving, and we're starting to see some of those trends improving as well. And I think that generally would be a positive thing in terms of CRE investment, by underlying developers and financiers. But I think that for right now we're just kind of watching what sort of pay down levels occurs because of competition.
AndyCecere: And then on the consumer side of the equation, I mean, we're actually seeing and we do expect that credit card balances from here start to grow, possibly accelerate as we get into 2022. When you think about customers that are kind of revolving type of customers I believe that with government stimulus starting to dissipate that they are going to be looking to credit products, in terms of being able to support their consumer spend. And we've continued to see relatively strong growth in auto lending and I would anticipate that will continue dependent upon supply chain impacts associated with chips and things like that. But overall, we're fairly bullish on consumer lending.
EbrahimPoonawala: It's helpful color. Thank you. And just on a separate note, in terms of when you look at the stickiness of the deposit growth that we've seen over the last 18 months, if you could just talk to your outlook in terms of whether do you expect deposit balances to continue to grow. And do you at any point as you look forward in the next year or two, expect deposit growth to actually turn negative in any meaningful way?
TerryDolan: Yes, our deposit growth has been reasonably strong. But particularly if you kind of peel back the onion, it's been particularly strong in the consumer and business banking areas with year-over-year growth of about 16% linked quarter growth at about 1% in the third quarter. So I would fully expect that a lot of that will stick dependent upon, obviously, the excess savings rate that we talked about, we're also seeing growth in the wealth management businesses and we would expect that a fair amount of that would stick as well. So as we kind of think about deposits, we think we have been growing what I would call kind of the core balances quite a bit. As liquidity does come out of the system, though, I would expect that we would see some runoff or where investors start to utilize those deposits to invest in like CDO, CLO sort of structure. So within our wealth management investment services business, we would expect to see some runoff.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler.
ScottSiefers: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Hey, I was hoping that you might be able to address the durability of mortgage revenues at the current level; I thought it was a pretty solid quarter. A little better than I had anticipated and just hoping you can address some of the puts and takes on margin origination levels and just overall durability of this horizontal.
TerryDolan: Yes, great question. Obviously in the third quarter, we saw a little bit of an uptick with respect to applications because of refinancing activities when interest rates came down. I would say, Scott, that over the course of the last several years, we've been making a significant amount investment in a couple of different things. One is a strong focus on purchase money area, and a fairly significant amount of our volume is on the purchase money side. So home sales to the extent that continues to grow should allow us to hold up really well. And the second thing is that we've invested a lot in the retail channel, and our digital capabilities, and we're taking nice market share in the mortgage banking space. So while mortgage banking revenue will trend in the same sort of way, as kind of the industry, I think that we do have the opportunity to be well performed in the industry. Andy, what would you add?
AndyCecere: Agree.
ScottSiefers: All right, perfect, thank you. And then I was hoping for maybe a little more color on expenses, particularly that comment you made earlier about the $60 million seasonal increase in amortization of tax advantages in the fourth quarter. Does that just -- does that go up and then come all the way back down or is there sort of a headwind that emergence in 2022? And then presumably, it's kind of a wash from an earnings standpoint, given a corresponding tax impact? How should we be thinking about as we go through fourth quarter and then -- 
TerryDolan: Yes. Great question. So what ends up happening in that particular space is about 60% of the overall production for the year happens in the fourth quarter. And so if you look kind of historically, we always see a blip in the fourth quarter, and then it comes back down in the first quarter, and then it kind of slowly builds, then we see another blip in the fourth quarter the following year. So it's usually, it's a seasonal thing in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
KenUsdin: Hey, thanks a lot. Hey, good morning, guys. Terry, can you just make sure we understand the offset to that $60 million in expenses where we see that in the income statement?
TerryDolan: Yes, where that ends up flowing through is in the tax rate. And usually what that ends up happening is kind of on a lag basis. So you'll start to see the tax rate improving in 2022 as a result of the investments we're making today.
KenUsdin: Right, okay. And in the fourth quarter, do you see that in -- the offset to the $60 million in the tax rate, as well.
TerryDolan: Very limited in the tax rate in the fourth quarter. That's why we guided, yes; it's really more forward looking.
KenUsdin: Okay, got it. Thank you. Secondly, you mentioned in the press release that fee waivers were down a little bit, can you give us an update on what they were in the quarter, and also what you need from rates to get rid of the fee waivers.
TerryDolan: So they were about just about $70 million in the third quarter down just a couple million dollars versus the second quarter principally due to the repo rate, we get about 50% of it back with the first 25 basis points and about 95% of it back with the second 25 basis points.
KenUsdin: Okay, great. And then just last one, in terms of the payments businesses, again, like so on merchant, when we see growth in, can you just compare and contrast when we see growth in the volumes. I know it's mix dependent, but just with your mix of business, how -- what's the correlation between increases and improvements in merchants vis--vis the improvements that we see in the sales volumes. Thanks guys.
TerryDolan: Typically what's happening right now is an exchange. So some what's coming back are some of the areas they have a little thinner margin, which is what's causing the differential on sales being up about 5% and fees being down about 5%. And so that's partly and this is -- I'm using these numbers versus 2020 - 2019. And if you look at it versus 2020, sales are up about 30%. And fees are up about 13%. So there'll be a bit of a gap there partly because of the mix of what's coming back. And as we look forward, I would expect a bit of a differential revenue growth being slightly below sales growth on a go forward basis.
KenUsdin: Okay, thanks. Sorry. Can I ask one more? I forgot to ask about the expense you had on the airline and travel, was that a one time update? And was that meaningful? Can tell us how much that was?
TerryDolan: The expense on airline and travel. I think are you talking about the investment that we're making on our credit card business or -- because what you really --
KenUsdin: Yes, and echo through expenses. 
TerryDolan: It goes principally -- 
Andy Cecere: Are you talking about the merchant airline reserve?
KenUsdin: Exactly, yes.
TerryDolan: Oh, yes. I mean that has been relatively stable over the last couple of quarters because fundamentally you've got -- people are flying, people are starting to fly. So that has been not material.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
MattO'Connor: Good morning. Can you guys give us an update on your rate sensitivity? The flexibility to add to [Indiscernible] swaps and how the UB deal might impact that?
TerryDolan: Yes, so maybe just the last question first, the Union Bank is a little bit more asset sensitive than we are. And we would expect that they would probably add to our asset sensitivity, kind of in that 30 to 40 basis points kind of range to where we're at today. If you end up looking at first, second quarter, we're at about 280 -- 2.8% asset sensitive to a 50 basis point shock, we've been expanding that Matt, in a couple of different ways, we've been holding more cash, looking for a better kind of investment sort of entry point. And so that asset entity has been coming up, in addition to that, we have been just looking at different hedge strategies that have been expanding our asset sensitivity as well. So today is probably about 350, in 3.5% kind of asset sensitivity. And that's kind of the position that we're at right now. We do have the opportunity as and we have the expectation that rates are going to start moving up, at least on the long end. And so we're trying to be patient and be in a position to be opportunistic when rates are in the right spot.
MattO'Connor: Okay, that's helpful. And then just separately, clarification question on payments, when you talk about the seasonality in 4Q, maybe remind us what that is. And I guess I was thinking it's on the corporate payment side, which may not be as seasonal this year as normal. But just elaborate on that. And I am kind of dig it in just because last quarter, you said you thought payments would be flat and ends up being a little bit better than expected? And it seems like it might be a conservative guide again 4Q. Thank you.
TerryDolan: Yes, usually merchant is flat to down a little bit, but so it's seasonally affected in the fourth quarter card actually performs a little bit better in the fourth quarter because of holiday sales. But CPS is the business that ends up coming down because you have a significant amount of government spending in the third quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities.
MikeMayo: Hi, we got a new slide, the slide six, talking about combining banking with payments. But if you could just elaborate a little bit more, is it better to say, well, what are we looking at? We're looking at 28% of banking customers. What are we looking at? It's a lot of customer banking, customers don't use payments is the bottom line and you want to get them to use it. And half of your payments customers don't use banking services. You want them to use that too. I mean I think you said you seek to grow the small business relationships by 15% to 20% and related revenues by 25% to 30%. Over what time frame is that? And how are you going to do that? And when are you rolling out some of the new products that are going to help enable that?
TerryDolan: Thanks Mike, first, you got the numbers correct. Second, this starts at 1.1 million customers, we have about another 190,000 that would be added with Union Bank. The timeframe is the next few years; we'll continue to add to this slide to give you more specifics, including the progress on these numbers as well as the thinking about revenue. The way we're going to do this is by a combined dashboard and product offering that has payments and banking on that dashboard to help those businesses run their company payables, receivables, travel, payroll, as well as banking products and services. We have been rolling out that dashboard, making enhancement to it as we speak. And we'll continue to do it each and every month each quarter. And that's the way we think about it.
MikeMayo: Okay, so what is I guess how do you think about the profit margins on these relationships? I mean, it seems like we provide more one stop shopping. It should be a better service for the customer. And you should be making more on that. So not just the revenues. I mean, what would you expect the earnings to increase by, I assume more than 25% to 30%?
TerryDolan: Yes, they will. I was quoting a revenue number. I would expect the earnings to be higher than that because the marginal cost of many of these products and services is not as high because they go on the platforms we are already have established.
MikeMayo: Okay, and then lastly, since we're on the topic of tech, it has been six years since U.S. Bancorp shown -- has shown positive operating leverage. You have two quarters in a row, it looks like maybe on a linked quarter basis, and you showed it. Maybe you won't show that in the fourth quarter, you didn't talk about main quarter operating leverage. But can you commit to 2022 having positive operating leverage? I guess there'll be some noise with Union. But are you on that trajectory now, and if so, why?
TerryDolan: Yes, Mike, there will be some noise with Union, as you mentioned, it's always our goal, we've made a lot of investments in the company, and those investments are going to do two things, they're going to drive revenue growth. And they're going to also create more efficiency in terms of our operations. And the tech stack modernization in particular creates a less expensive operating environment. So I think those are all positives. As we're looking to '22 that's always our objective; 2022 dependent a bit upon the yield curve and what happens with rates but that's our objective.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivek Juneja with JPMorgan.
VivekJuneja: Good morning, Andy. Good morning, Terry. Couple of questions. Can you -- investment securities, they shrank any color on the outlook?
TerryDolan: Yes, I mean, our expectation, again, is that when we think about longer term rates, we do expect them to be moving up given the inflationary pressures and other things that are kind of just in terms of economic growth. So we have been holding off with respect to reinvestment of maturities and things like that, and building cash balances, kind of to improve our asset sensitivity. And we'll look for opportunities to reinvest that in the future as rates start to move.
VivekJuneja: Okay. Thanks. Another one, different topics. Did I hear you say that you expected revenue growth in payments fees to be better than sales trends? And if so, can you elaborate?
TerryDolan: No, Vivek, the other way around. So the sales number will be a bit higher than the revenue growth partly because of mix, partly because the investments we're making so for example, in card, as we have the sales growth occurring, some of the investments in new business generation comes through and impacts the revenue growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.
BillCarcache: Good morning. I wanted to follow up on the relatively softer commercial loan growth that you guys are seeing. Are you hearing anything from your commercial customers that suggests that the depressed line utilization rates are really just an extension of the supply chain problems that they're having? And if so, does that suggest that line utilization is unlikely to improve until the supply chain problems are resolved? Any color you can give on that would be great.
TerryDolan: Yes, I mean, obviously, the supply chain is impacting customers, in terms of their ability to be able offer products and services, et cetera. But it hasn't necessarily come up in topic conversation with them. Certainly I do think that as supply chain challenges start to resolve themselves that will create opportunity for us in terms of line utilization and bank financing. But it's not something that has been discussed a lot with clients, let's put it that way, or that they brought up.
BillCarcache: Understood, that's helpful. Separately on the merchant acquiring business, the Elavon business certainly puts you guys in a unique position to be able to turn on, buy now pay later solutions for your merchant partners in a way that other banks can't. Can you discuss whether you're considering offering buy now pay later solutions to your merchant customers? And separately, I guess a broader question. How do you guys think about BNPL? Does it pose disintermediation risks to your card business? Or is that BNPL customer really more likely someone who typically would not even qualify for a credit card. So BNPL is essentially just something that they're using that allows them to turn their debit card into a credit card and also helps merchants drive incremental sales. Any thoughts around how you guys are thinking about it and the opportunity if you see one?
AndyCecere: Yes, Bill, so I think it's a little of both of the topics you brought, most of the ways you described it. So first of all, we have a number of test cases going on. We already offer buy now pay later on a credit card offering. Sometimes a customer wants to have a large purchase specific from a payment plan. And that could be a current credit card customer choosing to have a very planned set of payments going forward. And other times buy now pay later can allow for a customer who would otherwise not have a credit card to have, to acquire or purchase something using the buy now pay later capability. And in that sense you do partner with the merchants to increase the sales base of that merchant portfolio. So we're working on all those fronts.
BillCarcache: Got it, and my other questions have been largely addressed. But if I could squeeze in one last one. On a separate topic, you guys recently announced that you'll be providing cryptocurrency custody services for your institutional clients. Could you frame the revenue opportunity there? And some large bank CEOs have indicated that they can't provide cryptocurrency custody services, but it would be great, Andy, if you could discuss what's different in the way that USB is thinking about providing custody and what gives you guys comfort doing that at a time when there's still some controversy and I guess unwillingness among some large players around providing those services?
AndyCecere: Yes, so if so let me step back, our institutional investors are looking to participate in the digital currency market as an investment class, we have a large fund services business that provides fund services, transfer agency and fund administration to those clients, if an asset class that they choose to have is one that we need to be able to provide a service for, and will now offer cryptocurrency custody for those fund managers. And that's the way we're thinking about it. So it is really providing a service that we do for their other asset classes for cryptocurrency. And we've selected NYDIG to help us with that from a sub-custodian's standpoint. And actually a number of other banks do that as well, sometimes for their own customer base.
BillCarcache: Got it and the revenue opportunity, any high level color on that
AndyCecere: We haven't defined the revenue opportunity. It's early innings of this capability, certainly. And so it is really providing a full set of services to those customers.
Operator: You have a follow up question from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
KenUsdin: Hey, sorry for the follow up. But I -- you gave us the $60 million to $70 million expected decline in PPP in the fourth quarter. I was just wondering that's the first time you've given us a number. Do you have the base of what it was total PPP net interest income in 3Q?
TerryDolan: Yes, it was about $120 million.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions. I'll turn the call back to the speakers for any closing remarks.
Andy Cecere: Maybe one comment. Jen asked me to clarify something in the transcript or when I was earlier, I mentioned that the share buyback program would be deferred until second quarter. Actually it will be the second half of 2022 after about a quarter after we finished the closing.
Jen Thompson: Great. Thank you everyone for listening to our earnings call. And please contact the Investor Relations department if you have any follow up questions.
Operator: Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-15 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorp's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Andy Cecere, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and Terry Dolan, Vice Chair and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately 11 AM Central Time, through Thursday, July 22, 2021 at 10:59 PM Central Time. I will now turn the conference call over to Jen Thompson, Director of Investor Relations and Economic Analysis for U.S. Bancorp.
Jen Thompson: Thank you, Ashley, and good morning, everyone. With me today are Andy Cecere, our Chairman, President and CEO; and Terry Dolan, our Chief Financial Officer. Also joining us on the call are our Chief Risk Officer, Jodi Richard; and our Chief Credit Officer, Mark Runkel. During their prepared remarks, Andy and Terry will be referencing a slide presentation. A copy of the slide presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at usbank.com. I'd like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of today's presentation, in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I'll now turn the call over to Andy.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Jen. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. Following our prepared remarks, Terry, Jody, Mark and I will take any questions you have. I'll begin on Slide 3. In the second quarter, we reported earnings per share of $1.28. we released $350 million in loan loss reserves this quarter supported by our outlook on the economy, and continued improvement and credit quality metrics. The pace of which has been better-than-expected. Net Revenue totaled $5.8 billion in the second quarter. As expected, net interest income grew in the second quarter, while our fee businesses benefited from improving consumer and business spending trends. Notably, as of late June, total sales volumes for each of our three payments businesses, credit and debit card, merchant acquiring and corporate payment systems were above 2019 levels for the first time since the beginning of the pandemic. Our expenses were relatively stable compared with the first quarter. Turning to capital, our book value per share totaled $31.74 at June 30, which was 4% higher than March 31. During the quarter, we returned 79% of our earnings to shareholders in the form of dividends and share buybacks.  Following the results of the Federal Reserve's stress tests in late June, we announced that management will recommend that our Board of Directors approve a 9.5% increase in our common dividend in the third quarter payable in October. Slide 4 provides key metrics including a return on tangible common equity of 20.9%. Slide 5 highlights continued strong trends in digital activity. Now let me turn the call over to Terry, who will provide more detail on the quarter.
Terry Dolan: Thanks, Andy. If you turn to Slide 6, I'll start with a balance sheet review followed by a discussion of second quarter earnings trends. Average loans were stable compared with the first quarter in line with our expectations. Strong demand for our installment loans drove other retail loan growth, while C&I loans increased 0.9% supported by strong growth in asset-backed lending, partly offset by continued pay down activity in other C&I categories. We saw a decline in residential mortgage loans, increased pay downs and increased pay downs. Average credit card loan balances were stable compared with the first quarter as the payment rates remained high at 38%, reflecting a significant level of consumer liquidity. However, period end balances increased 4.5% on a linked quarter basis as we saw some pickup in activity toward the end of the quarter. Turning to Slide 7. Average deposits increased 0.7% compared with the first quarter and grew by 6.4% compared with a year-ago, reflecting the significant level of liquidity in the financial system. Our overall deposit mix continues to be favorable. In the second quarter, our non-interest bearing deposits grew 5.9% linked quarter, while time deposits declined by 8.1%. The time deposits now account for 6% of total deposits compared with 11% a year-ago. Slide 8 shows credit quality trends which continued to be better than expectations. Our net charge-off ratio totaled 0.25% in the second quarter compared with 0.31% in the first quarter. The ratio of nonperforming assets to loans and other real estate was 0.36% at the end of the second quarter, compared with 0.41% at the end of the first quarter. We released reserves of $350 million this quarter reflective of better-than-expected credit trends and a continued constructive outlook on the economy. Our allowance for credit losses as of June 30th, totaled $6.6 billion, or 2.23% of loans. The allowance level reflected our best estimate of the impact of improving economic growth and changing credit quality within the portfolios. Slide 9 provides an earnings summary. In the second quarter of 2021, we earned $1.28 per diluted share. These results include the reserve release of $350 million. Slide 10, net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis of $3.2 billion increased 2.4% compared with the first quarter, primarily driven by higher yields and volumes in our investment securities portfolio and favorable earning asset and funding mix shifts, partly offset by lower loan yields. Our net interest margin increased 3 basis points to 2.53%. The impact of lower loan yields was more than offset by a favorable mix shift in both our investment portfolio and funding composition as well as lower premium amortization expense. Slide 11 highlights trends in non-interest income. Compared with a year-ago, non-interest income was relatively stable as the expected decline in mortgage banking revenue and commercial product revenue was offset by higher payments revenue, trusted investment management revenue, treasury management fees and deposit service charges. On a linked quarter basis, non-interest income increased 10.0% driven by higher business and consumer spending activity reflecting broad based reopenings of local economies. Both year-over-year and linked quarter mortgage banking revenues were negatively impacted by slowing refinancing activity and reduced gain on sale margins. Linked quarter mortgage revenue growth of 15.7% was primarily driven by the favorable linked quarter impact of a change in fair value of mortgage servicing rights net of hedging activities. Slide 12 provides information on our payment services business. In the second quarter, total payments revenues increased 39.5% versus a year-ago and was higher by 16.4% compared with the first quarter. Each of our three payments businesses saw strong revenue growth on both a linked quarter and a year-over-year basis reflective of the strengthening economy and the increased spend activity. Credit and debit card revenue increased 39.4% on a year-over-year basis driven by stronger credit card sales volumes and higher prepaid card processing activities related to government stimulus programs. Sales volume trends, which are the primary driver of payments revenues are encouraging. The bottom charts on Slide 12 indicate that as of the end of June, total sales volumes across each of the three payments businesses exceeded comparable 2019 levels. Certain pandemic impacted spend categories continue to lag, in particular, corporate T&E. However, consumer travel and hospitality spend volumes are rebounding faster than we expected, and the pace of improvement in recent weeks has accelerated a bit. Turning to Slide 13, non-interest expenses was relatively stable on a linked quarter basis as expected. Slide 14 highlights our capital position. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio at June 30 was 9.9% compared with our target CET1 ratio of 8.5%. Given improving economic conditions in the second quarter, we bought back $886 million of common stock as part of our previously announced $3.0 billion repurchase program. I will provide some forward-looking guidance. For the third quarter of 2021, we expect fully taxable equivalent net interest income to be relatively stable compared to the second quarter. We expect total payments revenues to be relatively stable compared to the second quarter, but we'll continue to track favorably on a year-over-year basis. While we expect sales volumes growth in each of our three payments businesses to continue to improve sequentially, prepaid card volumes are expected to decline toward pre-pandemic levels as the impact of government stimulus dissipates. We expect non-interest expenses to be relatively stable compared to the second quarter. Credit quality remains strong. Over the next few quarters, we expect the net charge-off ratio to remain lower than normal. For the full year of 2021, we expect -- we currently expect our taxable equivalent tax rate to be approximately 22%. I'll hand it back to Andy for closing remarks.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Terry. Our second quarter results came in as-expected and there are many reasons we are optimistic as we head into the second half of the year. The economy continues to recover towards pre-pandemic activity levels and the consumer and business spending activity continues to improve. Credit quality trends have been a positive surprise. And our payments volumes have come back a bit faster than we expected as recently as a few months ago. We are well-positioned for the cyclical recovery that we expect to play out over the next several quarters. More importantly, we are well-positioned to deliver on superior growth and industry-leading returns on equity over the next several quarters, given our business mix, our comprehensive and holistic payments and banking capabilities, and our expansive distribution model supported by world class digital capabilities. I'd like to thank our employees for their hard work and dedication throughout the year. We will now open up the call to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Terry Dolan: Hi, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: Hi, good morning.
Andy Cecere: Hey, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: Hi. I just wanted to dig in a little bit to the guidance and some of the discussion around the payments business. I think you mentioned that payments came in a little faster than expected. I know you were expecting that the payments revenues would accelerate in 2Q. So, it came in a little faster than you're expecting, but then I think you're mentioning that you've got it flat expecting it to be flat Q-on-Q, but I just wanted to dig into that. Is that because the acceleration rate you think is slowing down here, or are you being conservative with the guide for 3Q?
Andy Cecere: Yes, I think it's a combination of things, Betsy, and maybe just by kind of talk a little bit about payments, again, overall, I think three things to kind of keep in mind in terms of the payments businesses in total. And that is the sales volume momentum continues to be very strong, especially when you exclude the airline and T&E sort of activities. Airlines and T&E continue to be lagging, but are getting stronger. In fact, if you listen to any of the airline sort of quarterly results, the leisure travel is really back to pre-pandemic levels and business travel is starting to pick up pretty nicely. The other thing I would just say is that corporate T&E continues to be the one area that is still down quite a bit, but it is improving a little bit faster than maybe what we had expected. The one area I would just say or highlight is let me talk a little bit about maybe the three components. If we first take a look at credit and debit card revenue, again, sales volumes are particularly strong in that area, as an example, credit sales in the second quarter, we would expect it to continue maybe slightly lower rate, but credit sales are about 20% when you exclude travel and entertainment. Debit card sales are about 27%. So the second quarter was particularly strong, and we expect that type of momentum to continue. The one thing that I would say though, is that third quarter of last year was the peak with respect to prepaid card processing revenue. And that has been slowly normalizing, but we really kind of expect third quarter to be back closer to what would be a normal level. The second thing that is going to end up impacting credit and debit card revenue for the third quarter is that we are taking the opportunity to invest in growth. So we're giving up some near-term growth opportunity in order to be able to generate customer account acquisition. The other thing that I would just mention maybe from a prepaid card perspective, on a normal basis represents about 10% to 11% of that overall credit and debit card revenue category. And it's that factor of it normalizing plus the investment that's really going to cause the overall payment revenues to be fairly stable relative to the second quarter.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. So even though you've got T&E that is ramping, the prepaid is really offsetting that as you go into 3Q, that's really the conclusion?
Andy Cecere: Yes, that's right.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. All right. Got it. And then maybe you could talk a little bit about the credit box and how you're thinking about that with regard to not only the card space, but the overall loan book?
Andy Cecere: Yes. So I think we mentioned this last quarter, but we're now back to fundamentally the credit box that we had on a pre-pandemic level really across all the product categories.
Betsy Graseck: And your C&I was good, especially if I consider the PPP. So just wondering what's going on there to generate the strength you saw in the quarter?
Terry Dolan: Yes, there's a couple of different things. We mentioned that asset-backed securitization lending has been strong, and it's been continuing to improve. I think that's one of the things that we are seeing in that particular category. The one thing though that we're continuing to watch is that the payoffs, or pay downs continue to occur. And that's simply because the rate environment, the capital markets activities continued to be fairly strong. And I also think it's going to take a little bit of time for C&I to develop simply because the amount of liquidity that customers have and are continuing to generate.
Betsy Graseck: Got it. Okay. Thanks so much, Terry. Thanks, Andy.
Terry Dolan: Thanks, Betsy.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning.
Andy Cecere: Hey, Matt.
Matt O'Connor: So good to see costs flat last quarter, even though you had the beat in fees and you guided to kind of similar in the third quarter. But as last quarter as the fees pick up, hopefully different by payments and if rates rise and loan growth picks up, can you get outsize operating leverage? And last quarter you thought you could and that was a plan to hope. I know you don't give kind of formal guidance beyond one quarter out, but thematically, is that still the case that while there's investments to make, you would hope for outsize operating leverage as the revenues pick up?
Andy Cecere: Yes. I mean, we certainly have that expectation. We've made some very nice investments across many different categories within our business, whether it's in the mortgage business, we see the benefit, especially as that starts to shift toward refinance -- away from refinancing toward the purchase mortgage. Our digital capabilities there will be very beneficial. I think that we continue to see strong growth with respect to auto end of term gains, the payments businesses where we've made investments, for example, in treasury management sort of capabilities and things like that, that is starting to pay off. So the answer is yes. I think we feel very confident that the investments that we have been making are going to allow us to generate some nice fee growth as we think about the future.
Terry Dolan: And, Matt, we're going to continue to manage expenses relatively stable with the headwinds we have in revenue, like you talked about the flat yield curve and margin and loan growth being a little bit challenged, but we will manage flat in this environment and then positive operating leverage in a more normal revenue environment.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. And then just separately, you recently announced a deal to acquire part of this PFM. Maybe just what is that exactly -- how does it fit into USB. And I had to remind myself, I think you had owned an asset management company that you sold about 10 years ago, FAF. So is this kind of a get back into a certain business exit or a different part of the investment in wealth management segment?
Terry Dolan: Yes, Matt, so like you referenced, a few years ago, we did sell but that was equities and bond business. We continue to retain the money market business and in fact have about $161 billion of assets under management. And so this essentially doubles that base with a particular focus on government, which is the space around government investment pools. And it fits very nicely into our government banking business or treasury management, and particularly our corporate trust business. So it's a nice add on to a business we're already in that gives us additional scale on customer acquisition.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Terry Dolan: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pancari with Evercore ISI.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, John.
John Pancari: Good morning. Good morning. On the -- back on the payment side, just as we continue to see the rebound that you're flagging play out, I guess can you help us think about how you view the long-term growth potential business perhaps beyond this year. What is a reasonable growth rate to expect out of the various payments business? And then separately, are you viewing competition in the space any differently today than a couple of years ago? It certainly seems like it's intensifying and -- so how do you view that as a dynamic as well? Thanks.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So let me just talk about maybe how we think about on a longer term basis. Certainly when we think about the payments businesses, we believe that mid single digits is a good target for us to be able to achieve in that particular space. We have been making some --as I said, some really nice investments. The tech-led fees for example, within Elavon, our merchant acquiring space today represent about 28% of the overall Elavon revenue or merchant acquiring revenue. And it's growing at about that pace as well. So, it's a nice business investment that we've made and tech-led will contribute to the overall investment as we go. And then I do think that our investments in the RPS digital account acquisition and in our treasury management space all those different types of investments on the B2B real time payments are going to -- are going to have real opportunity for growth in treasury management as an example. But half of that revenue today represents what I would call digital or forward leaning type of revenue products as opposed to legacy products. And they grow at about a 10% to 11% clip. So I think that there's some real opportunity for mid single digits are in that ballpark anyway. Andy?
Andy Cecere: I agree, Terry. And I think in addition to what you said, which is sort of the current case, I would point to our focus on business banking, and this weaving together of the banking and payments capabilities into a comprehensive product set. And as a reminder, we have just over a million business banking customers with less than 40% penetration. I think it presents a lot of opportunity. And we've talked about the fact that we expect to grow that revenue base 25% to 30% over the next few years. So I think that's an additional opportunity in addition to what Terry talked about.
John Pancari: All right. Great, thanks. That's helpful. Then separately on the capital front with the CET ratio at 9.9%, your internal target still sit at 0.5% and how should we think about migration down towards that level in terms of timing -- what type of factors are influencing the pace that you migrate back or towards that target? Thanks.
Terry Dolan: Yes, great question. And currently I think we have capacity under our buyback program. It's about a $3 billion program and we have purchased about half of that thus far. So we'll continue to purchase under that buyback program. And then we certainly have the opportunity to be able to expand that or replace it in the future. We think about deploying or utilizing capital kind of along the various priorities organic growth being really the top priority and the dividend, as Andy talked about earlier. Then we look at inorganic sort of opportunities to the extent that they might present themselves or product sort of capabilities, and then the buyback program. So, that's kind of how we end up prioritizing it. From a timing standpoint, I think we're going to continue to watch both from an economic standpoint, but we're just going to be opportunistic in the market when it makes sense to be buying back shares.
John Pancari: Got it. All right. Thanks, Terry.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question.
Terry Dolan: Sure.
Scott Siefers: I Was hoping to sort of revisit this notion of the sort of competitive positioning in payments. I think one of the big things that I hear on USB is that the payments businesses, it's just such a wonderful differentiator vis--vis other banks, but the -- sort of the volume trends versus some of your fintech competitors aren't as striking now. A lot of them are much newer companies and stuff like that, so it makes sense. But we'll just be curious to hear your thoughts on sort of competitive positioning overall, and what do you think you're doing especially well, but would -- might need some work conversely as well.
Andy Cecere: So, Scott, this is Andy. We -- as Terry talked about the investments we are making on the digital front and the capabilities around software and tech-led, and I think that has really put us in a great spot. But I think even more important is this weaving together, like I referenced earlier of the banking and the payments into a comprehensive product set to help these companies run their businesses so that banking payments combination, I think is particularly important. And the fact that we have strong banking capabilities and strong payments capabilities as I think, how good we're going to differentiate ourselves. And it's on two fronts. One is to extend the current capabilities to current customers, but more importantly to achieve customer acquisition at higher growth rates. So that's where we're focused on.
Scott Siefers: Okay. All right. Perfect. Thank you. And then maybe separately, Terry you talked about maybe the degree to which you're seeing sort of institutional deposit inflows related, if at all to like the largest banks maybe turning them away given their own sort of thresholds and [technical difficulty]. And so what what's the way youre thinking about the potential for sort of customer acquisition on the deposit side there in the institutional area, but particularly when there's not necessarily a ton of robust loan growth to immediately kind of utilize those funds there?
Terry Dolan: Yes, a great question. It's a little hard to know exactly what the implications are of other actions that it has on us. But maybe when I end up looking at where our growth is occurring, that the strongest growth is really coming from our consumer and business banking segment rather than on the institutional side. The institutional has actually probably been staying relatively flat or even coming down based upon rates that are being offered, et cetera. But the strong growth is really on the consumer side and we think that that's because of our digital capabilities and customer acquisition sort of strategies, and then the liquidity that customers have.
Scott Siefers: Okay. All right, perfect. Thank you guys very much for taking the questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Bill.
Bill Carcache: Hey, good morning, Andy and Terry. I wanted to follow-up on the comments you just made and ask maybe a little bit more specifically, if you could sort of juxtapose for us the growth outlooks in consumer and commercial and talk a little bit about maybe where you see the greater potential for inflection, given all the moving parts that we're seeing around, the supply chain dynamics and pent-up demand and all the liquidity and all of that. We'd love to hear your thoughts as you kind of look at those businesses next to each other.
Andy Cecere: Yes. So, Bill, the opportunity on the consumer side, I think continues to be the economic recovery that's occurring and the strengthen in payments and Terry talked about the trends across all three of the payments categories, particularly card spend, and even things like travel entertainment, while still lower, weaker than pre-pandemic levels coming back strong and rapidly. So that's a positive. And then we have sort of the secular trend that I talked about, which was in the business banking side, which is this combination of payments and business. And so those the economic recovery on the consumer side, and the secular focus on the business side would be the two areas, I would emphasize.
Bill Carcache: Got it. Thank you. And then I was hoping that you could give your thoughts on the open banking aspect of Biden's executive order making it easier and cheaper to switch banks by requiring banks to allow customers to take their financial transaction data with them to competitor. Just curious if you had any broad high level thoughts on that?
Andy Cecere: Yes, one of the reasons we're investing in all these digital capabilities because we want to be the very best in terms of digital and have great capabilities to serve our customers. And that combined with the human element -- finance is complicated, and having people in addition to digital, I think is critically important. So that's how we think we're going to effectively compete in long run and that's what we're focused on.
Bill Carcache: Got it. And if I could squeeze in one last one.
Andy Cecere: Sure.
Bill Carcache: Is there any concern around to child tax credits? And I guess you talked about the improving -- the payments revenues sort of stable, but improving and like there's been this whole dynamic with payment rates being elevated, but hope that they get better. Does -- the child tax credit sort of extend the recovery, push it further out? Or maybe any thoughts on how you guys are viewing that?
Terry Dolan: Yes, I think maybe one of the ways to think about it is the child tax credits, they typically end up getting in great big lump sum. And now when you spread it out kind of on a quarterly basis or more throughout the year, I think it just gives people the opportunity to be able to utilize that maybe a little bit more effectively in terms of paying their lifestyle sort of bills. So I don't think -- I don't -- it might change in terms of timing as much as anything, but I don't think is necessarily a major driver. Andy, do you have a different perspective?
Andy Cecere: I agree, Terry. We actually -- we've talked about the payment rate being high 30s or 38% in the second quarter, but it's also stabilized. It was growing for a number of quarters and which has put pressure obviously on the card balances, but stabilization on that payment rate combined with increased spend, I think will perhaps lead to growth in the next few quarters on the card side.
Bill Carcache: Got it. Thank you for taking my questions.
Andy Cecere: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from John McDonald with Autonomous Research.
Andy Cecere: Hey, john.
Terry Dolan: Hey, John.
John McDonald: Hi, good morning. Terry, I was wondering if you could unpack a little bit the outlook for next quarter NII, just kind of thoughts on puts and takes on margin versus volume as you look at the stable outlook for net interest income.
Terry Dolan: Yes, I mean a big part of that is just what rates have done. But let me kind of step back, I mean, we had a really nice quarter in terms of the growth that was driven in part by the investment portfolio growth that we had in the second quarter. We were opportunistic in investing when the 10-year was kind of in that 175 range and we put some cash to work at that particular point in time. We also saw some benefits associated with the premium amortization expense being a little bit lower. When we think about the second, or the next quarter, I think maybe the puts and takes are going to be -- we expect loan growth to be relatively flat, but modestly stronger than what we saw on the linked quarter basis in the second quarter. Our expectation is that the long end of the curve comes up a little bit, but is not much. And then, I think that the margin is relatively stable. So, I think, when we end up looking at the various components of it, that's kind of how we think about it. Loan growth, we are seeing it in that asset-backed securitization lending. We do expect consumer lending to get a little bit stronger, because of the consumer spend activities that are taking place. Andy talked about the payments rates have kind of hit, we think a high in the credit card space. We saw some nice growth right at the end of the June timeframe. And while they'll continue to be at elevated levels, I think that the effects are not increasing, they may be coming down a little bit will help credit card balances as well. And then maybe when we also think about loan growth, auto lending continues to be very strong. And I think it's really kind of a combination of all those different types of things.
John McDonald: Okay. And not sure if you touched on it yet, but any thoughts on the outlook for mortgage banking volumes and revenues in the near-term, Terry?
Terry Dolan: Yes, mortgage banking, obviously, it hit its high in the second quarter of last year. And then it's been coming down simply because the refinancing activities have been slowing over time. When we think about the mortgage banking business, it has been influenced by that refinancing. But today the mix of purchase versus refinancing is about 60% purchased, 40% refinanced. Mortgage banking revenues are kind of back to what I would call pre-pandemic sort of level that we saw in the fourth quarter of 2019, first quarter of 2020, kind of in that ballpark. So, I actually think that mortgage banking is kind of back to that pre-pandemic level and the investments that we've made in our digital capabilities, our retail, mortgage business, and all those sorts of things will help us compete. We have been taking market share, especially in the purchase mortgage side of the equation, I think that's all kind of beneficial.
John McDonald: Okay. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, John.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Terry Dolan: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Usdin: Hi. Good morning, guys. I was wondering if I could follow-up on PFM. And I know details weren't released in the press release, but can you help us think about just what the type of contribution it might bring to revenues pre-tax income, earnings, et cetera, and use of capital?
Terry Dolan: Yes. Again, we haven't necessarily disclosed all of that. I mean, from a capital usage perspective, it would be relatively insignificant. I think that one of the benefits may be of acquiring at this particular point in time is that if we do start to see rising rates, the benefit of recapturing some of the fee waivers that business has been experiencing, that's all upside to how we were thinking about the business when we ended up acquiring it. So, again, a nice acquisition for us because it gets us into that local government investment pool market. We will have a number one market share in that particular space. But, overall, from a company perspective, it's just complimentary to the money market asset management business that we have.
Ken Usdin: And on that point, Terry, do you know what your second quarter fee waivers were in the core trust and investment management business? And how much that might have changed sequentially and should improve?
Terry Dolan: $73 million was Q2, up a little bit from Q1. And I think $73 million is going to be the peak.
Ken Usdin: Right. Okay. Last one. You mentioned in the press release that the first quarter NII -- second quarter NII was helped by higher loan fees. I'm just wondering, how much was that of a helper? And also, if you have any color on what the delta in just PPP loans was as you exit the quarter? Thank you.
Terry Dolan: Yes, I mean, the delta first to second quarter wasn't significant. And when we think about second or third quarter, we don't think that is going to be significant in terms of, for example, fee recognition.
Ken Usdin: For PPP specifically?
Terry Dolan: For PPP specifically, yes.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And were loan fees meaningful in the second quarter?
Terry Dolan: Not really. I mean, no -- I mean, anytime you have recoveries, you have a little bit of a benefit associated with that, but nothing of significance.
Ken Usdin: Okay, understood. Thanks, Terry.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Long with Raymond James.
David Long: Good morning, everyone.
Terry Dolan: Good morning, David.
David Long: The loan growth for your auto portfolio has been pretty strong. Im just wondering if you can provide some color on the split between growth in making loans to new vehicles versus used vehicles?
Andy Cecere: Most of our activity is from our dealer finance business, and it's mostly new activity. There is some used in there, but I would say majority is new.
David Long: Got it. Okay. And then as it relates to the mortgage banking, do you have the dollar amount of the favorable impact from the MSR valuation adjustment in the second quarter?
Terry Dolan: Yes, I'm trying to remember in the first quarter, I think the net impact was about $140 million, kind of in that ballpark. So that would be kind of the benefit that we ended up seeing. So the first quarter it was $120 million and it was -- it's probably about $100 million of differential.
Andy Cecere: Yes, I think that's right. Terry, it's about $120 million in the first quarter negative and about $28 million in the second quarter, I guess.
Terry Dolan: Yes.
David Long: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vivek Juneja with JPMorgan.
Terry Dolan: Good morning, Vivek.
Andy Cecere: Hey, Vivek.
Vivek Juneja: Hi, Andy. Hi, Terry. Couple of questions. First one, you mentioned, you'd be giving up some near-term growth in the card side due to investments. Can you talk a little bit about what investments and for how long? And why that would slow down your card growth?
Andy Cecere: Yes. Well, anytime you're going through both customer account acquisition as well as the volumes are expanding, et cetera, your rebates, residuals, your card acquisition costs, all sorts of things are part of that revenue line. And so, the extent that is ramping up it's going to moderate -- quarter-over-quarter sort of growth. I mean, Vivek, we're always constantly sort of investing in that business. It's just kind of relative from one quarter to the next, how much we're investing at any particular point in time. We just think that given the strong sales momentum, the opportunity at this particular point in time to make those investments, we just think it's the right thing to do.
Vivek Juneja: And then that would hurt third quarter, but then that should from a comparison standpoint not be a drag or flip the other way in the fourth quarter, is that how we should think about that, Terry, from a timing standpoint, as we model out quarter-to-quarter?
Terry Dolan: Yes, I don't think that the amount of the drag increases in the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter, but thats right.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. Different topic, you said, lower MBS premium amortization helped a little in second quarter. Any color of what it was and how we can compare where you are versus pre-pandemic. So how much more room for that to come down?
Terry Dolan: Yes, I mean, I would expect that the reduction in premium amortization in third quarter will be kind of similar to what we saw in the second quarter. And the margin impact over time as it was going up was somewhere between 2 and 4 basis points, kind of on a linked quarter basis. So, I think that you could kind of expect that same sort of benefit in, for example, the third quarter. It starts to dissipate or moderate as we kind of get out into late fourth and into 2022.
Vivek Juneja: Okay, great. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Vivek.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities.
Terry Dolan: Hey, Mike.
Mike Mayo: Hey. Your tech spend is up 20% year-over-year, if you look at the year-to-date numbers. So the question is, how much do you think you'll spend this year? What percent increase do you expect, what are you spending on? And any more meat on the bones you can give on combining the banking and payment businesses.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So maybe from a -- from an overall tech spend, we talked about the fact that we make investment of about $2.5 billion in technology kind of broadly. Well, half of that is capital expenditure, but half of that is what I would call kind of run rate, if you will. We have been running at that level for some period of time. And the increase that you're seeing, Mike, is really as you're making those investment, it takes a little bit of a time for it to kind of get into the run rate, if you will. The -- I would expect that -- we don't anticipate when we think about going forward that tech spend amount will change a lot. I think the -- what we end up focusing on I think has been changing over time. For example, if I were to step back 3, 4 years ago, it was less offence more defense. And today it's probably 60%, 65% offence related around our digital initiatives, tech stack modernization, those sorts of things as opposed to playing -- having to play defense. So I think the shift is good, because it's more forward leaning and more revenue generating sort of activities as opposed to defense. And I think -- go ahead, I'm sorry. 
Mike Mayo: And just to clarify, I run the bank, change the bank, you'd say, now change the bank is like 60% versus 40% run the bank?
Terry Dolan: Yes, I think that's a good way of describing it.
Mike Mayo: Okay. And then you guys -- I ask this question every quarter and you seem to be playing it very close to the vest. You clearly have been investing a lot in combining the payments and the banking businesses to give -- I think you said on one call to be more time like or go after time, not then specifically, but the concept. Can you give us any more meat on the bones as far as what the strategy is, when we're going to see it? You said you want to serve existing clients better, but also capture a lot more new customers? And I don't know where to look for that in the external releases or when we should look for?
Andy Cecere: Yes, Mike, it's Andy. We're spending a lot of time on that internally and I'll tell you what, we're going to put something in the earnings release in deck by the end of the year to give you more information on this. We are looking at it on a regular basis. It's one of our top priorities. I think it's a huge opportunity both from a increased penetration to current customers as well as customer acquisition, and we'll give you more on this before the end of the year.
Mike Mayo: All right. I'll look forward to it. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Sure.
Terry Dolan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler.
Terry Dolan: The [indiscernible].
Scott Siefers: [Indiscernible]. Just curious, in the President Biden's executive order last week, some language regarding increased scrutiny on bank transactions. Just curious if you have any sort of early thoughts on ramifications or how it might or might not change your calculus on thinking about any opportunities that might come up?
Andy Cecere: Sure, Scott. So as we've talked about, we want to be disciplined and have been about -- and opportunistic when it comes to M&A and any deal that we would look at would need to make strategic and financial sense and consistent with our guidelines. And I think the executive order will mean that will be additional attention for bank M&A. But we believe ultimately decisions will be driven by what's best for all stakeholders and that's how we're thinking about it.
Scott Siefers: Okay, perfect. All right. Thank you guys very much.
Andy Cecere: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Hi, Terry. Hi, Andy.
Terry Dolan: Good morning.
Gerard Cassidy: Terry, you touched on in your opening comments about loan growth and you mentioned about the C&I growth increased slightly and driven by asset-backed type of lending, but it was partially offset by the continued paying down activity in other C&I categories. The question is on the pay down activity. We know that many of the commercial borrowers have elevated liquidity levels, which may be contributing to this. But can you may be further elaborate on what your customers are telling you? Is it the supply chain problem where they just like your auto dealers, for example, just don't have the inventory, therefore they have this extra cash flow and they're able to pay down and with this then change as the supply chain issues for all companies, not just auto, starts to get ironed out in the next 6 to 12 months, which could lead to accelerated commercial loan demand.
Terry Dolan: Yes, I mean, I do think that commercial on demand will start to pick up. I think it's just -- it's a matter of timing, when does that actually occur. And I do think that they have to get through the -- that excess liquidity, or at least some of that. And they also -- I think that they need to start making those capital expenditures, and we're starting to see that. I mean when we talk across our markets, I think that the, for example, middle market customers are certainly much more optimistic today than they were even a quarter or two quarters ago. And that usually translates into making longer term sort of business investment. And so, I think that we'll continue to kind of see that. I do think that were -- I do think that supply chain is impacting to some extent. But I think that that's more transitory, I think that will dissipate over time in terms of the impact.
Andy Cecere: Terry, I agree. And the only other key factor I think is many companies are awash in liquidity. They have strong balance sheets, they've been becoming more efficient and their balance sheets are strong, which would reflect in our deposits on the left -- on the right side of the balance sheet. So I think that's another factor.
Gerard Cassidy: And just as a follow-up on this commercial customer discussions that you've been having with these customers, what's their view about inflation? Are they concerned that they're not going to be able to pass on higher prices to their customers, or any color that you guys are picking up in your discussions with these customers about the outlook for inflation and what it means to them?
Terry Dolan: Yes, I think, Gerard, a number of our manufacturing companies in particular are passing on some of the increased supply costs that they're recognizing and it is a factor in their pricing as well. So I do think some of it is being passed on, a lot of it's being passed on. And I think this question around how transitory this is, is one that is often debated. But I can tell you right now, it's impactful, how long it lasts, I'm not sure.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then just as a follow-up. Andy, you touched about the liquidity helping on the deposit side. We also all understand what quantitative easing has done to the deposits of the banking system. Do you think that when tapering takes place, probably end of the year, let's say, there may be some pressure on deposit growth for you folks, or that you really haven't been impacted that materially by the quantitative easing by the Fed, because that's more wholesale oriented and maybe part of hitting their monies in their banks, maybe more so than you folks.
Andy Cecere: So I think that we U.S Bank, and we the industry have certainly benefited from a deposit growth standpoint because of the Fed balance sheet. I don't think there's any dispute around that. I do think as that starts to diminish, you'll see some impact in deposits, but I also would point out that some deposits have also or some funds have also moved off balance sheet to money market funds. This is again this mix we have in this opportunity to go either on balance sheet or off balance sheet. So might -- some might migrate more to the on balance sheet component in that environment.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Sure.
Operator: Your next question is from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities.
Mike Mayo: Hi. Just a follow-up. A big picture question, Andy. You had 6 years of negative operating leverage. And we all know the reasons for that, from the regulatory to the investing to the pandemic and everything else. And I guess tactically year-over-year it's still a little negative. But quarter-over-quarter this is on the best positive operating leverage you've had in a while and it seems like it's not going negative ahead it seems. So are you willing to call a turn in that 6 years of negative operating leverage or is it too early or is that kind of a next year event? I know Im getting ahead of where you may be want to go, but it's been a long wait for the revenues growing fast and expenses. It seems like you might be there, but I'm not sure.
Terry Dolan: Yes, Mike. So I think like I mentioned before, we're going to manage expenses flat in this challenging revenue environment. And the challenging revenue environment is a function of the things we talked about, which is this lower than normal loan growth is flat and low yield curve and the function of still returning to normalization and things like travel entertainment and so forth. So flat until we get normal and then positive operating leverage when we start to get to a more normalized revenue environment. That's how we're managing the company.
Mike Mayo: Got it. Thank you.
Terry Dolan: You bet.
Operator: Your next question is from Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.
Bill Carcache: Thank you. Good morning. I just wanted to ask one follow-up. You guys have historically been very deliberate about your use of M&A to create value. As you look ahead, is there an opportunity to think differently, for example, by taking the strength of your existing franchise to expand into new markets and win customers without having to acquire legacy branch infrastructure or is sort of bank M&A likely to look the same as it has traditionally? Any thoughts around that topic would be helpful.
Andy Cecere: Yes, Bill. So we've talked about the factors. Here's a few ways that we continue to grow and expand from a consumer and retail business standpoint. One is continued acquisition with our core organic initiatives around digital acquisition and focusing on that which we're making great progress on. The second is this concept of digital first branch light expansion like we were doing in Charlotte, North Carolina, where we've have fewer branches and really leveraging data and digital capabilities. The third is partnerships, like what we've done with State Farm. 19,000 agents who are really working to refer our card and deposit products. It's just an extension nationwide of our capabilities. And the fourth would be more traditional M&A, and we look at all those opportunities depending upon what's in front of us.
Bill Carcache: Got it. Thank you very much for taking my questions.
Andy Cecere: Sure.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I will now hand the call back for closing remarks.
Jen Thompson: Thanks for listening to our earnings call this morning. Please contact the Investor Relations department if you have any follow-up questions.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-15 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorp's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Andy Cecere, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and Terry Dolan, Vice Chair and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately 1 oclock PM Central Time, through Thursday, April 22, 2021 at 10:59 PM Central Time. I will now like to turn the conference call over to Jen Thompson, Director of Investor Relations and Economic Analysis for U.S. Bancorp.
Jen Thompson: Thank you, Kara. And good morning, everyone. With me today are Andy Cecere, our Chairman, President and CEO; and Terry Dolan, our Chief Financial Officer. Also joining us on the call are our Chief Risk Officer, Jodi Richard; and our Chief Credit Officer, Mark Runkel. During their prepared remarks, Andy and Terry will be referencing a slide presentation. A copy of the slide presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at usbank.com. I'd like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on page two of today's presentation, in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I'll now turn the call over to Andy.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Jen. And good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining our call today. Following our prepared remarks, Terry, Jody, Mark and I will take any questions you have. I'll begin on slide 3. In the first quarter, we reported earnings per share of $1.45. Credit quality trends were better than expected and the economic outlook has improved meaningfully over the past several months, given the pace of the vaccine rollout and the ongoing impact of significant government stimulus. Based on these factors, we released a little over $1 billion in loan loss reserves this quarter. Revenue totaled $5.5 billion in the first quarter. As expected, net interest income decreased compared with the fourth quarter. However, we expect loans to grow as the year progresses and given that securities reinvestment rates are now accretive to asset yields and our belief that premium amortization expenses likely peaked, we expect that the first quarter will be a low point for net interest income. Improved economic activity is driving better consumer and business spending trends, which in turn is translating into improving payments volume. In each of our payments businesses, volumes, excluding COVID impacted travel, hospitality, and entertainment sectors exceeded first quarter 2019 pre-pandemic levels. Our expenses were relatively stable compared with the fourth quarter. In the lower right quadrant, you can see that our capital and liquidity positions remained strong. And during the quarter, we returned $1.3 billion to shareholders in the forms of dividends and share buybacks. Slide 4 provides key performance metrics. This quarter, our returns benefited from improved credit performance and reserve release. Longer term, we believe we will continue to deliver industry-leading returns on tangible common equity driven by strong PPNR performance, consistent through the cycle credit performance and prudent capital management. Slide 5 shows the pace of migration to the digital channel. Digital uptake is correlated with higher customer satisfaction, ease-of-use, and lower cost of service, which we measure very closely. Digital transactions now account for nearly 80% of all transactions. In the lower right hand chart, you can now see that more than 60% of loan sales now occurred digitally, which compares to less than 40% a year ago. Now let me turn the call over to Terry who will provide more detail on the quarter.
Terry Dolan: Thanks, Andy. If you turn to slide 6, I'll start with the balance sheet review followed by a discussion of first quarter earnings trends. Average loans declined 2.8% compared with the fourth quarter as the low interest rate environment continues to impact borrower behavior. Elevated corporate paydown activity late in the fourth quarter negatively impacted average commercial loan growth in the first quarter. Recently, we have seen improving pipelines, and we expect inventory building and M&A activity to pick up as we move further into 2021. Similarly, lower interest rates impacted consumer loans as increased refinancing activity impacted real estate loan balances. Credit card revolve rates continued to decline this quarter causing balances to contract as consumers used excess liquidity from government stimulus programs to pay down debt. Turning to slide 7. Average deposits increased 0.9% compared with the fourth quarter, reflecting the level of liquidity in the financial system. As a reminder, our deposits are typically seasonally lower in the first quarter of the year. Our overall deposit mix continues to be favorable. In the first quarter, our non-interest bearing deposits grew 2.8%, while time deposits declined 17.7%. Slide 8 shows our credit quality trends, which continue to be better than our expectations, reflecting improving economic conditions, supported by additional stimulus and increased vaccine availability. Our net charge-off ratio totaled 0.31% in the first quarter compared with 0.58% in the fourth quarter. The improvement reflects lower total commercial, credit card and other retail net charge-offs. The ratio of non-performing assets to loans and other real estate was 0.41% at the end of the first quarter compared with 0.44% at the end of the fourth quarter. We released reserves this quarter reflective of better-than-expected credit trends and an improving economic outlook versus our previous expectations. In the first quarter, our loan loss provision was negative $827 million or $1.1 billion less the net charge-offs of $223 million. Our allowance for credit losses as of March 31st totaled $7.0 billion or 2.36% of loans. The allowance level reflected our best estimate of the impact of improving economic growth, lower unemployment, and changing credit quality within the portfolios driven in part by the benefits of continued government stimulus programs. Slide 9 highlights our key underwriting metrics and loan loss allowance breakdown by loan category. Turning to slide 10, exposures to certain at-risk segments given the current environment are stable compared with the fourth quarter. The left table shows that customer balances included in payment relief programs continued to decline meaningfully in the first quarter to less than 1% of total loans. Slide 11 provides an earnings summary. In the first quarter of 2021, we earned $1.45 per diluted share. These results include a reserve release of $1.1 billion. Turning to slide 12. Net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis of $3.1 billion declined 3.5% compared with the fourth quarter due to fewer days in the quarter, lower average loan balances, and a 7 basis point decline in net interest margin. The decrease in the net interest margin was primarily driven by higher premium amortization expense, lower portfolio reinvestment rates, and mortgage loan prepayments. As mentioned earlier, we expect loans to grow as the year progresses, also given that securities reinvestment rates are now accretive to asset yields and I believe that premium amortization has likely peaked, we expect the first quarter will be the low point for net interest income. Slide 13 highlights trends in non-interest income, which as a reminder is typically seasonally lower in the first quarter of each year. Non-interest income declined 5.7% from a year ago, primarily driven by lower mortgage revenue. On a year-over-year basis, strong refinancing activity drove higher production volumes and related production revenue. However, in the first quarter, we recorded a reduction of $120 million to the fair value of our mortgage servicing rights, net of hedges, which compares with a favorable increase in the valuation net of hedges of $25 million a year ago. With prepayments speeds declining, we would expect future changes in the MSR fair value adjustment to be more moderate. Business activity and strong underlying market conditions drove growth in trust and investment management fees, treasury management revenue, and commercial product revenue, although deposit service charges were negatively impacted by lower consumer spend and increased consumer liquidity from government stimulus. Slide 14 provides information on our payment services business, including a breakdown of segment volume for the first quarter of 2021 compared with more normalized 2019 levels. Slide 15 indicates that sales volumes across our payments businesses have continued to rebound since bottoming in April of 2020. In the first quarter, total payments fee revenue was essentially flat compared with the first quarter of 2020. Credit and debit card revenue increased 10.5% on a year-over-year basis, driven by higher interchange revenue and higher prepaid card fees as a result of government stimulus programs. Merchant Services revenue decreased 5.6% compared with a year ago, which was better than what we had expected coming into the quarter. Improving sales growth in North America was more than offset by expected declines in European sales due to COVID-related shutdowns. Corporate payments revenue declined 13.1% year-over-year as travel and entertainment revenue continued to lag. Turning to slide 16. Non-interest expenses were relatively stable on a linked quarter basis as expected. Year-over-year growth of 1.9% was driven by increased mortgage and capital markets production incentive costs and expenses related to business investments in digital and technology, which was partly offset by a decline in costs related to COVID-19 and a future delivery liability incurred in the first quarter of 2020. Slide 16 highlights our capital position. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio at March 31st was 9.9% compared with our target CET1 ratio of 8.5%. Given improving economic conditions in the first quarter, we bought back $650 million of common stock as part of our previously announced $3.0 billion repurchase program. I'll now provide some forward-looking guidance. For the second quarter of 2021, we expect fully taxable equivalent net interest income to increase in the low single digits compared with the first quarter, and we look for modest loan growth. We expect payments fee revenue to continue to improve sequentially as economic activity continues to accelerate. Starting in the second quarter, growth rates will be meaningfully impacted by favorable year-over-year comps given the 2020 COVID environment. We expect non-interest expenses to be relatively stable compared with the first quarter. The outlook for credit quality has improved in the past two quarters, along with the improving economic environment. However, we think that the net charge-off ratio is likely to remain low as the first quarter level of 0.31%. As we move further into the year, we expect the net charge-off ratio to normalize toward pre-pandemic levels. We will continue to assess the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses as conditions change. For the full year 2021, we currently expect our taxable equivalent tax rate to be approximately 21%. I'll hand it back to Andy for closing remarks.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Terry. One year ago, we were at the beginning stages of a pandemic-driven economic downturn, which had no precedent. We are confident in the strength of our balance sheet and our ability to support our customers, employees and communities through a difficult time. But we, along with the entire industry, faced an uncertain outlook. A lot has changed in the year. Our first quarter results were reflective of the lingering impact of an economy that continues to heal, but has not fully recovered to pre-pandemic activity levels. However, we are optimistic about the trajectory from here. We believe we are well positioned to benefit from what many expect to be the strongest economic growth this country has seen in decades, as we capture the potential of increased consumer and business spending across all of our business lines, most directly related to our three payments businesses. Importantly, we expect our multi-year investments in digital and payments to continue to pay off well beyond any cyclical benefit that we see in the upcoming quarters. These investments aimed at enhancing the customer experience and leveraging the power of our payments ecosystem, will position us at the forefront in banking and drive market share gains for many years to come. Ultimately, our goal is to deliver industry-leading returns through this cycle. And as such, we invest to drive top line revenue growth, while prudently managing expenses, credit quality and capital with the best interest of our long-term shareholders in mind. In closing, I'd like to thank our employees for all their hard work. And their commitment to serving our customers with the expertise and integrity they have come to expect from us. We'll now open up the call to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of David Rochester with Compass Point.
David Rochester: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, David.
David Rochester: On - just on fee income, you guys mentioned payment activities should continue to recover in 2Q. I was just hoping you could frame that potentially in a range. And then, as you look out to a more normalized back half of the year versus where we are today, what kind of year-over-year growth in transaction volume do you think we could see at that point? I just heard some other players in the space talk about pretty robust year-over-year growth as we move into the back half of the year. I was just curious what you guys are expecting.
Terry Dolan: Yeah. I mean, it's a great question. So when we end up, obviously, the comparables on a year-over-year basis kind of going forward is going to be pretty strong, simply because of what was happening in 2019. As we kind of look at different components of our revenue, let's take merchant acquiring as an example. In the first quarter, we saw  you know, overall, it was down about 15%. But as Andy said, the non-airline, non-impacted sort of industries was actually up about 10%. And the airlines continued to be depressed kind of in that 70% to 75% level, but we do expect all those different things -- all those different categories to continue to improve. Our expectation when we end up looking at payments revenues kind of overall across the categories that by the time we get to 20 - by the end of the fourth quarter or certainly very early in the 2022 sort of time frame that we will be back to pre-pandemic levels on a total basis in terms of total merchant acquiring, total credit/debit card as well as the CPS businesses.
David Rochester: Great. That's great color. I appreciate that. Maybe just switching to NIM real quick. You mentioned new securities yields are accretive to the book yield and prepays are declining, so that should bring down securities premium and expense. I know you mentioned NII was moving higher from here. Are you also saying you think you'll get some margin expansion here as well?
Terry Dolan: Yeah. Well, here's the way I would kind of frame it. First of all, NIM is kind of an output with respect to how your balance sheet is changing. And of course, there's a lot of different dynamics that are occurring within the loan portfolio today. Our expectation from a NIM perspective is that in the second quarter, it's probably reasonably flat, but expanding from there. And the dynamics are going to be really around loan growth balances, which will probably continue to be a little bit of a pressure, but offset by expanding and improving investment portfolio. And that's a driver of premium amortization. It's a driver of the fact that the differential from a reinvestment rate is getting much stronger because of the steepening yield curve and other factors.
David Rochester: Great. So flattish in 2Q, expanding in the back half of the year, potentially?
Terry Dolan: Yeah. Yeah.
David Rochester: Great. All right. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Andy Cecere: John, good morning.
John Pancari: Yeah. So on the loan demand side, I know you acknowledged that you do expect loans to be pressured near term. I guess, can you just talk about when do you see a more notable inflection in loan growth? And what do you see as the drivers? And I guess also within the commercial side, can you just talk about the demand that you are seeing in terms of pipeline and utilization? Thanks.
Terry Dolan: Yeah. John, great questions. So what we are seeing in terms of loan - so let's just talk about loan growth. As we've said that in the second quarter, we do expect us to start to expand, but it's going to be modest. I mean there's still - there's still, for example, pressure that will exist in certain categories. On the commercial side, what we are seeing is that pipelines are getting stronger really across most areas in most geographies. In addition, when we think about the stimulus that's been put into the system, there's going to be a lot of consumer spend, especially as the second half of the year develops. And I think that business is, what we are starting to see is the businesses are becoming much more optimistic. They are thinking about inventory build and they are thinking about the capital expenditure. And I think that those are all really good signs. And the second thing I would just say, probably more so for the second half of the year is that, we do see and believe that M&A activity is going to start to strengthen, and that will have positive implications with respect to C&I loans, which is all good. We have  if you end up looking at some of the other categories, the significant amount of stimulus on the consumer side has allowed consumers to be paying down debt, which is I think one of the things that the industry has been seeing. Revolve rates have come down and that necessarily ends up impacting balances. But just as a reminder, we do typically see an increase in credit cards in the second quarter. And so, those factors will offset each other a bit. Our auto lending has been very strong, and I would expect that, that will continue to be strong. So, it's a bit of a puts and takes in the near-term, but we do  I think the encouraging thing is we are seeing a lot of nice green shoots. And as consumer spend starts to expand and grow, I think that the consumer lending will come back as well.
John Pancari: Got it. All right. Thanks, Terry. And then, Andy, I wonder if you could talk a little bit about M&A interest, both on the whole bank side and non-bank. I know a lot of attention out there regarding potential deals and certainly, a big discussion around the scale, the need for scale by  within the bank space given the competitive backdrop. So, I just want to see if you can give us your updated thoughts on that front both on the whole bank side, obviously, but also non-bank. Thanks.
Andy Cecere: Yeah. Thanks, John. And I think our view is consistent with what we've talked about in past calls, which we're open to looking at opportunities would meaningfully move the needle from a traditional bank standpoint in terms of either acquiring customers or new geographies. And then in the non-bank space and we are active in this with as you saw in our payments business, looking to expand our capabilities and our distribution. And those are areas that we continue to focus on, particularly as we think about this payments ecosystem and adding either partnerships or capabilities through M&A.
John Pancari: Got it. All right. Thanks, Andy.
Andy Cecere: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: Hi, good morning.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: Hi. Hey, a couple of questions. One, just wanted to dig in a little bit on payments and what you think you can do there on the corporate side, especially as you are one of the first to offer the RTP. And I hear from different institutions like clients are not that excited about RTP on the corporate side, but I'm thinking you might have a different point of view. So I wanted to drill into that a little bit and see if there's a needle mover that's coming over the next few years or not?
Andy Cecere: Yeah, Betsy. This is Andy. I think there's a pretty significant opportunity here. First of all, there are a number of use cases that we're currently working with a number of customers across many different industries. But I do think that everything from the way request for pay, daily payroll, the way you're managing receivables and payables, the information that comes with it, the auto reconciliation. There is a lot of opportunity. Now the challenge is there's a lot of time zero investment required to get to that opportunity. And that's why we're working with our customers because we want them to understand the opportunity, and we want to work with them on that investment and the change in their processes to gain that opportunity. And  but I do believe that there's a pretty significant change coming and the payments mechanisms that we have used for years and years, particularly in business to business you're getting about checks and ACH and wires are all going to migrate fairly rapidly over the next few years.
Betsy Graseck: And then your monetization of that is through increasing deposits? Or is there hard dollar fees associated?
Andy Cecere: I think it will be a combination of both, not unlike how our payments business works today. Part of it is from the balance sheet and part of it is for fees. And part of it might be just having a fee structure to allow you to do the things that RTP will allow as opposed to perhaps a per transaction fee.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then follow-up question just on credit, I know you spoke about normalizing towards pre-pandemic levels over time. Does that mean around a 50 bps NCO rate? Or is that something lower because during pre-pandemic we also had certain asset classes that were net positive on the NCOs, meaning net negative, right? Like you had  you had recoveries in some of the asset classes. So just trying to understand when you say pre-pandemic, what kind of number you're talking about?
Andy Cecere: I'll give you the high level answer then Mark Runkel is here with us. And you will add in. But yes, is the short answer to your question. If you think about pre-pandemic, we were in that 45 to 50 basis point range. As Terry said 31 is probably lower than one is normal over a longer period of time, and I would expect it to migrate back to that level. Mark, what would you add?
Mark Runkel: Yeah, that's exactly spot on. There's not much more to add we're just thinking over time, we'll get back to a more normalized level, and we'll see some of those recoveries that you're seeing potentially come down. And we'll see the portfolio start to normalize back closer to that 50 basis point range.
Betsy Graseck: And just given your experience and how many cycles you've been through, what should we be thinking about as a time frame for that? Is that next 12 months or that's more like next 36 months or some other time frame?
Andy Cecere: First of all, any time I've tried to predict time frames in this environment, it's been challenging. So I don't claim to know any more than anybody else. But as we see the great improvement we have today, I think things start to get back to that normal level in the latter half of this year.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys. Hey
Andy Cecere: Hey, Scott.
Scott Siefers: Thanks for taking the question. Terry, maybe just a little more nuance on the margin, are you able to quantify how beneficial an impact  the decline in premium amortization could be for the margin and NII going forward? In other words, so where is it now? Where would you to normalize out to? And then just any thoughts on contribution to the margin from PPP in the second quarter? So, I think given the window closure from the FDA in the first quarter, maybe a little lumpier than we might have figured previously?
Terry Dolan: Yeah. Let me take the second question first. From a PPP standpoint, first quarter versus second quarter, we don't see that as being a big driver for us just based upon the size of our book of business and that sort of thing that we ended up originating. From a premium amortization perspective, what we have seen kind of on the way up is that on a quarter-over-quarter basis kind of in that anywhere from two to four basis points sort of range, two to five basis points sort of range. And a big part of it, Scott, will depend upon how quickly prepayment speeds do start to come down. So it's a little bit hard to kind of put an exact  you know, an exact impact in terms of what it will have in the second quarter. But our expectation is that, the prepayment speeds continue to linger a little higher in April, but then start to come meaningfully down in May and June.
Scott Siefers: Okay. Perfect. That's great. Thank you. And then maybe, if I could return to the payments business for a second as well. Once we get sort of back to normalization, it seems pretty clear there's a  a large opportunity here, both in the US and Europe as things kind of normalize. Once we get back to that steady state, maybe just a thought or two on where the growth rate of those businesses in the aggregate, it kind of flushes out? How does it compare to sort of the rest of the  just the traditional bank part of USB? Maybe any thoughts on sort of longer-term trajectory there?
Andy Cecere: Yeah, Scott, I'll take that one. This is Andy again. I think, as you said, we have the short-term cyclical positive that's going to occur as spending activities both for businesses and consumers get back to normal, as well as corporate. I think our longer-term opportunity is in that ecosystem we talked about. So we have over 1 million business banking customers that we define as $25 million in revenue and above. And we believe we can grow these relationships, just overall relationships in the neighborhood of 15% to 20% over the next few years. And in addition, we believe we can grow the overall revenue levels, 25% to 30% because of expanding the share of wallet. Because the fact is less than 40% of our merchant customers have a business banking product and an even lower number of our business banking customers have a merchant product. So there's a lot of opportunity there. And I think the upside is pretty significant. And it's sort of like what I talked about with the RTP, it's just not about card solutions, but it's about managing their payrolls, their cash flows, their payables and receivables, leveraging data, helping them run their business. And that's just in the business banking category. I think there's additional opportunity in commercial and corporate as well. So that will be our focus and I think that will be one of the drivers of growth going forward.
Terry Dolan: The other thing that I might add is that we've been making fairly significant investment in e-commerce and tech-led sort of capabilities within our merchant acquiring space. And that is a segment that over the course of the last 12, 18 months have been growing kind of in that 25% to 30% range. And as that becomes a bigger and bigger part of our business, I think that, that continues to help our merchant acquiring space.
Scott Siefers: That's perfect. Thank you guys very much. I appreciate it.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Usdin: Question first, just on the fee side. I was just wondering if you can talk us through some more detail on your outlook for the mortgage business, understanding it had $120 million MSR adjustment this quarter. But you guys have been share takers on the production side, but obviously, you mentioned the gain on sale coming down. Where do you think the mortgage business can go from here and some of those puts and takes? Thanks.
Andy Cecere: Yeah. Great question. So when we think about the mortgage business, we continue to think that on the origination side that we have been capturing market share. We think that there's still opportunity to do that. And here's the reason why over the course of the last several years, we've been making significant investment. We've talked about the fact that we've been focused on the retail side of the equation, purchase mortgage and home mortgages that originate from the home sale side of the equation. So even as re-financings come down. We do have the capability and the capacity to be able to continue to ramp up on the home sale side of the equation or the purchase mortgage side of the equation. So I think that, that is an opportunity. I think that our technology continues to outpace the competition and digital capabilities enable us to be able to capture that market share. So that's all good. You're right that there will be impacts with respect to refinancing starting to slow as rates move up. And that's something that we would expect and the gain on sale will start to decline as capacity in the system has gotten stronger. But I think that the implications of the investments that we have made have been positive and will continue to be positive. So while mortgage revenue is likely to come down during the year. It is still going to be a good part of our business. Did that help, Ken?
Ken Usdin: Yeah. I was just wondering, do you mean come down on a year - on a full year basis, which is kind of obvious based on where we started? Or do you mean that it could still settle lower from where we just got to the 299?
Terry Dolan: No, it's the latter. I'm sorry, the 299, keep in mind, in the 299 is about $120 million MSR valuation adjustment. So when you back that out or when you take - exclude that, we still saw some pretty significant production and origination revenue in the first quarter. And while it will settle down a little bit from there, we still think it's pretty strong through the year.
Ken Usdin: Right.
Andy Cecere: And Terry, that MSR valuation was more of a temporary phenomenon, and we wouldn't expect that to continue at that level going forward.
Terry Dolan: That's right. That's right.
Ken Usdin: Right. So it was more of a - okay, just to check you again, it was more of a - obviously, it's going to be a tough comp on a full year, full year basis, but this might not have been the top tick for mortgage banking revenues going forward?
Terry Dolan: Absolutely. That's absolutely correct.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Got it. Second question, just on costs, you mentioned flattish year-over-year. The first quarter had a really high comp number even with the seasonal benefit in it. And so I just want to make sure that, that, as usual comes off and much of that seasonal adjustment is in there? And then I know you said the COVID cost came down, but how much of a burden is that still in the cost number as well? Thanks.
Terry Dolan: Yeah. Well, with respect to COVID, we had more costs last year. We continue to have those costs. And while it's come down some, that hasn't been an impactful change relative to for example a year ago. We still have all the cleaning costs and things like that, that we need to do. And I think that's going to continue until people get comfortable being back in the office, et cetera. When you end up looking at compensation costs, again, part of it is seasonal. Part of it is also when you end up looking at our performance-based incentives, you know, every year, we have to reset that to be fully funded. And last year, just given the performance and the payouts being significantly lower, there is the impact of kind of refunding that on an annual basis, so.
Andy Cecere: And Terry, the third part is a stock-based comp for retirees is higher in the first quarter just because of the - that's the seasonal matter that you talked about is higher because of the way we account for it all at times zero.
Terry Dolan: And that will come down in the second quarter.
Ken Usdin: All right. Thank you.
Terry Dolan: Thank you, Ken.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matt O'Connor: Hi. I want to follow-up first on Ken's question just on expenses. Yes, so the outlook for flat in 2Q is good. But can you give us some comments kind of looking to the back half this year and beyond? Because it does feel like the costs are still bloated. And as we think about revenue accelerating from some of the things that you talked about, maybe you can give us a sense of what you think you can do on the expense side and the operating leverage?
Terry Dolan: Yeah. Well, Matt, as we've said, our goal is always to manage the expenses as best we can and keep them flat, especially in a kind of a challenging revenue environment, which we're still in. Certainly, as we get into a more normal revenue environment, we do expect that we would be able to achieve positive operation, but the timing of that is still difficult to kind of get your head around. And then have to see things like either rising or steepening yield curve, kind of a normalization of the payments space and just settling out of where mortgage ends up being. So a little bit hard to end up predicting kind of the timing associated with that. We do have a very strong focus with respect to expenses, though, as we think about the rest of the year and going into 2022.
Matt O'Connor: And then, maybe, asking a little bit of a different way and segue into like some broader business metrics. You laid out financial targets at the Investor Day, it goes back in 2019. Obviously, the world has changed. Those feel kind of stale. What would be some updated targets if you look out two to three years? And I'm thinking the efficiency ratio, which has gotten quite high. And then any kind of ROE metrics that you'd like to update as well would be helpful. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Matt. This is Andy. I think we talked about a 17.5% to 20% tangible return on common. And I'm going to focus on that ratio. While it was higher in this quarter, that was all because of the credit reserve release, and we know that's not a repeatable item. And as I think about this year, it's going to be below that, to your point, but we still feel comfortable that in a more normal environment, where the economy continues to strengthen, the rates continue to normalize and we get back to the normal spend levels. So all the things we talked about on this call, we still believe we can get to that 17.5% to 20%. And that number is what we think we get to when we get to that normal environment, which likely will be later this year, more likely as we get into 2022. From an efficiency ratio standpoint, same point and building on what Terry talked about, it's higher than normal right now, but the higher is principally because of new - the dominator, which is revenue. And again, as we get to more normal levels, our expectation and our focus is to continue to get to the low 50s.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. So from the 62 in this quarter to - I'm sorry, you said the low 50s or the mid-50s? That have been the target once before?
Andy Cecere: The long-term target is the low 50s.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. All right. So that would obviously imply outsized operating leverage. Again, look, the revenue needs to be there. I think everybody gets that.
Andy Cecere: Yeah.
Matt O'Connor: But I think there's concern that if revenue grows 5%, and it's being driven by rates and loans, you can't have 3% expense growth against that to meet the efficiency targets. Obviously, if it's driven by mortgage and things like that, that have a lot of comp, I think people understand the higher expense growth. But you would need mathematically a few years of outsized operating leverage.
Andy Cecere: Yeah. And if you think about where the revenue opportunities are, they're less directly comp related. So, for example, margin and payments have a different compensation structure than, for example, mortgage, to your point. And Matt, just to tell you, we're managing expenses very closely. We meet with all our business lines on a regular basis, and we're always balancing the investments we're making to get that digital acquisition, the customers, the growth that we've talked about against managing the short-term expenses and looking for efficiencies and operations and the way we're doing business on a day-to-day basis. So that's an area of focus, I can assure you for both, Terry and myself, as well as the entire management committee.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. That was helpful. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Erika.
Erika Najarian: My follow-up question is actually a piggyback off of Matt's question. This is sort of the second straight quarter where results are fine, but the stock has responded less favorably. And Andy, I'm wondering, in the discussion of a normalized ROTCE between 17% to 20%, we hear you loud and clear through this call and other calls that you have made investments throughout the years. And you did hit 20% in 2018. I guess, the investor base is really - the feedback I'm betting is, well, what's the upside from here? And I'm wondering, clearly, rates have to normalize. And to Matt's point, operating leverage will be wider when we actually get short rates going. But can the initiatives get you to at least the top end of the range, again, imagine in a world where you have some normalization in the short end, but also we're past the point of reserve releases. In other words, have the investments potentially reset your normalized ROTCE higher or 20% is sort of the top end of what you see?
Andy Cecere: So Erika let me take your question and maybe two parts. From a revenue standpoint, I do think for sure, 2020 was a low point for all the reasons you're well aware of, and particularly the payments business, which had significant headwinds. And those headwinds now have become tailwinds. And I think the same is set kind of - could be set for the margin component, which I think all the reasons Terry talked about net interest income, I think, goes up from these - from the points we are today. And at some point, particularly in the second half of the year, I think loan growth starts to come back. So I think the revenue has positive bias across all categories. If you go back to 2018, a couple of things. Number one is, we were investing in digital capabilities, and we had an increased step-up in that investment that I think is more leveled off right now. So you're not going to see that same increase that you saw the last few years. The second thing is we also have the opportunity from some of the branch closures that we've achieved, a 25% over the last couple of years, some of which will - has been and will be reinvested, some of which will come through the bottom line. And then as I talked about with Matt, we're looking for efficiencies from our tech stack, from the way we're doing business and our operational component. And those investments in digital, not only allow us to gain customer acquisition, but it also allows us to more efficiently run the business. And from an operating cost standpoint, it's favorable. So all those things add up to why I answer the questions I do.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And just a follow-up there. Your efficiency ratio in 2018 when you achieved 20% ROTCE was almost 55%. And so I guess the question here is, are we being too optimistic by then concluding that if you do dial back down to the low 50s, that your natural ROTCE in a more normalized rate environment could be above 20%?
Andy Cecere: Yeah. I think our return on tangible is that 17.5% to 20% is the way we think about it and the modeling that we have and the projections that we have would get us to that level.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Erika.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache with Wolf Research.
Bill Carcache: Thanks. Good morning, Andy and Terry. Can you discuss how you think about pent-up demand dynamics and how they may differ across your consumer and commercial businesses, where do you think there's more gearing to the reopening? Is it either - is it consumer side, commercial side, are they pretty similar? And if you could work into your response, how you think the excess liquidity on hand impacts both sides in terms of loan growth outlook that would be great?
Terry Dolan: Yeah. Let me kind of take it first, and then Andy can add on. But when we end up looking at the consumer versus commercial, I think that the stimulus that's been put into the system, we'll see that on the consumer side pretty quickly. In other words, consumer spend, we do expect to continue to ramp up from here and really probably through at least the end of the year. And you see that in the GDP growth, predictions or projections that are out there really being driven by that. I do think that, that's going to help us on the fee side of the equation. And it will also as the year progresses, help us in terms of consumer loans, which I talked about earlier. On the commercial side, I think that, again, there are things that the customers will need to do in order to be able to meet that consumer demand, if you will, and that is in the form of continuing to build their inventories and make some capital investments, which say just like many of us have been holding off. So the timing of that, though, is probably a little bit more subdued earlier simply because of the fact that there is a - as you said, a fair amount of liquidity and deposit balances that exist. And so they need to burn through that. Similar to what we saw the last cycle that we kind of went through. So what we're first going to see is that utilizing those deposit balances and then starting to see more robust sort of loan growth. And that's why we think it's really probably more a second half of the year before that starts to happen.
Andy Cecere: I wouldn't add much, Terry. I think the last category to come back is going to be corporate T&E. That category is still 75% down versus 2019 levels. We all are experiencing what were experiencing with not traveling right now, and I think that's going to be the last category to come back.
Bill Carcache: Got it. That's very helpful. On your excess liquidity commentary, I wanted to ask if your mix of investment securities relative to average earning assets grew to just over 31% this quarter, which I believe is the highest that we've seen relative to your history, and it sounds like you guys expect to grow that from here, if I heard you correctly. Can you discuss how you're weighing the incremental NII opportunity there from growing that securities book with OCI risk and just from an overall asset liability management perspective?
Terry Dolan: Yeah. I guess, when we think about it, at least in the near term, and one of the things we're going to end up having to do is to kind of weigh the opportunity that the yield curve continues to steepen even further from here. And so we'll kind of pick our points with respect to where we make those investments. But I think in the near term until loan growth and that demand really starts to solidify. I think that the ability to deploy low cost deposits that we see as part of inflows into the investment portfolio makes sense. And you are right, it is kind of a balancing act that you end up having to kind of take a look at and just based upon kind of our expectation that the longer end of the curve continues to move up, the shorter end of the curve probably lags out a bit. That, to us, makes some sense.
Bill Carcache: Got it. If I could squeeze in one last one for Andy. Andy, can you discuss how active you are in your discussions with regulators regarding the uneven playing field with many of the fintech players, particularly those who are benefiting from things like unregulated debit interchange, which obviously originally introduced as a small bank exemption under Durbin, not for them. But is there any expectation for a little bit more of a leveling of the playing field? Or is this the competitive landscape that were - is just the new reality?
Andy Cecere: I think our focus on that from a banking perspective is on the safety and soundness from a customer's perspective. You think about data protection, liquidity, ensuring that the deposits are there, all those things, which makes banks a very safe industry. We want to make sure that those same - that same level of oversight is there for our customers and for customers using some of those other capabilities, and that's a real area of focus.
Bill Carcache: Got it. Thank you for taking my questions.
Andy Cecere: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities.
Andy Cecere: Hey, Mike.
Mike Mayo: Hi. Okay. I have one, I guess, kind of negative question and one positive question. So we can start with the negative one first, I guess you've heard, but look, there's six years of negative operating leverage at US Bancorp, and there's stories around it, right? You had the regulatory situation and you have the pandemic. You don't have - you're undersized in capital markets, which have been a record versus some of your larger peers and youre over-indexed in payments, which has been hurt. So I mean, there's certainly reasons here, but, if you look at the cost linked quarter or year-over-year, they're higher. You look at the revenues like quarter year-over-year, they're lower. So, I know you've given some guidance, but just to be crystal clear, are you saying that PPNR is at a low point in the first quarter and should improve from here?
Andy Cecere: Well, yeah, I mean, again, when you end up thinking about the dynamics we've been talking about, I do think that the rate environment and what we're going to see in terms of net interest income is going to be positive going forward. I think that, that is a tailwind. I think the tailwind that exists with respect to the payments will also help us as we start to look into, especially the latter half of 2021 and into 2022. So, I think there is a number of things that create tailwinds from a revenue standpoint that actually do help us quite a bit from a PPNR standpoint.
Mike Mayo: And you also said flat expenses, at least in the second quarter. So, I guess one question is, with all the branch [ph] closures that you had, why we haven't seen more or less negative operating leverage. I just suspect you're investing more in your digital infrastructure. Can you share any of those numbers, like how much you're investing? I know you haven't disclosed that yet. But more generally, what are you trying to build, and when do you think you can get there? It's kind of like the payment ecosystem, connecting your payments customers with your commercial customers. What's the total addressable market? Can you become like a square like competitor? Just a little more elaboration on where you're spending and what the end game is?
Andy Cecere: Yeah, Mike. And to answer your negative question with a short answer, the answer is yes, on positive PPNR from the first quarter levels for the rest of the year. In terms of where we're investing, it's what I talked about - just in the business banking side for our business we have about one million customers. And we believe there's - as I talked about, 15% to 20% growth in customer opportunity, 25% to 30% growth in revenue opportunity. And that's just in the business banking segment, not including commercial and corporate. So I think that's where a lot of opportunity exists. Where we've been investing is exactly in that ecosystem and the ability to acquire customers in a digital fashion, ease of customer use from a customer experience standpoint, reflecting the fact that they're not utilizing the branches. So we're closing the branches, as you talked about, reflecting transactions that are taking place there. They're taking place in the digital way, investing on the digital site. So that - everything you said is correct, and that's the way we're thinking about it as well.
Mike Mayo: All right. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terry McEvoy with Stephens.
Terry McEvoy: Hi, good morning. And thanks for taking my questions. Actually, just one left on my list here. The ACL ratio down for every loan class except CRE, up on a percentage basis. I'm just wondering, is that something to do with the COVID-impacted industries or anything else within that $38 million, $39 billion portfolio?
Mark Runkel: Yeah. This is Mark. I'll just add to that. That's an area that we continue to be very focused in on either - you hit it right. There is some of those COVID-impacted industries, but I think there's longer systemic ships, if you will, potentially with office and some of the multifamily that we're continuing to be very focused and on then that could play out a little bit longer as could play out a little bit longer as we work our way through the cycle.
Terry McEvoy: Thats great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivek Juneja with JPMorgan.
Vivek Juneja: Andy, Terry, thanks for taking my questions, but more importantly, I applaud you for changing the time on your call. Thank you for listening. It's not always that we see that. A couple of questions. Firstly, you continue to see good growth in commercial products. Pardon me, if I - even though you did move it, there's still been lots of calls today. If I missed that, sorry if I'm making I repeat it. What drove that growth? And what do you see as the drivers there? What do you see as the outlook for that? I'll start with that.
Terry Dolan: Yeah. So, on the commercial product side and maybe a couple of couple of dynamics. Part of it is year-over-year. First quarter was fairly volatile a year ago and had some implications on a year-over-year basis. There's some growth that is occurring. When we think about the future quarters, for the rest of 2021, I think one of the dynamics that will help that is that what we are seeing right now is with rising rates there are a lot of companies when they are thinking about their debt or capital structure pulling forward out of probably 2022 into 2021 some of their refinancing activities. And then if you remember from last year, there was a lot of activity in terms of capital markets. Companies really trying to rebuild or build as much liquidity as they could. And a year later, just given the environment and the economic outlook, they have the opportunity to refinance that even after just a year. And so they're taking advantage of that. So, it's kind of those activities related to churn, pulling some things forward, et cetera, that are going to help commercial product revenue kind of hold up through the year.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. And then a different question for you folks. I noticed that branches were down a little over 100 or so. Andy, you had mentioned last quarter that you want to - you expect to shrink branches in the double-digit range. Is that still part of the plan? And if so, how much? And is that - what's the timing on that as you look out?
Terry Dolan: Sure, Vivek. So, if you look at a couple of years ago, we were just over 3,000 branches, and now we're closer to 2,300. So, we're down about 25%. I wouldn't expect additional major changes in the number of branches. You'll have some puts and takes; in fact, you'll see some additions in certain markets and some subtractions or branch consolidation where appropriate. But I wouldn't expect a significant change from current levels.
Vivek Juneja: All right. Thank you.
Terry Dolan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line o f Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Terry Dolan: Hey, Gerard. How are you doing?
Gerard Cassidy: How are you Terry?
Terry Dolan: Good.
Gerard Cassidy: Andy, can you touch on - and I apologize if you addressed this, but I know you guys have talked about the low level of net charge-offs this quarter is not likely sustainable and I think you said in one of the answers to a question earlier that, it could start to creep up by the second half of this year to the more normalized pre-pandemic levels that you have identified. Can you share with us why would cause it not to go up? What will you guys have to see that if this would continue at 30 to 35 basis points through the remainder of the year?
Andy Cecere: Yeah, I'm going to start and then Mark can add in. Gerard, so some of the things we're seeing right now, individuals have a lot of cash, either because of the stimulus checks that have occurred or not spending money in other things. So our payment rates in credit card, Terry talked about that, that's impacting balances. All those things drive to near record levels of low charge-offs in our credit card portfolio, our delinquencies. And the consumer is just very liquid right now, and that's part of the reason that we're just low level. And we do expect that to continue to normalize over time as they start to utilize those savings and get back to spending money in a more traditional sense. So that's one of the things that we would expect. If there's a delay on that, then we're probably going to be at a low level for a longer time frame. And then the area that we would expect to start to migrate up a little bit as well is on the areas impacted by the pandemic that Mark talked about, and I'll let Mark answer.
Mark Runkel: Yeah. The other area that I might focus in on is we've seen strong asset value. So if you look at autos has been strong. We've seen a 6% increase in auto value, for example, Gerard in February alone, as well as the residential real estate continues to be strong. So I think if those trends continue to strengthen, we could continue to be at these lower levels. But I think, RV would be - those start to normalize. And to Andy's point, the liquidity starts to come down, we see spending activity picking back up, which would lead you to kind of more normalized levels as we move through the back half of the year.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then just as a follow-up, Andy, over the past earnings calls, you've often commented about outlooks for mergers and acquisitions. And I don't think you were asked that question today. But what is your outlook for depository type of acquisitions? I know banks are sold, they're not bought. But just to give an update on what you guys are thinking about expanding possibly through that strategy?
Andy Cecere: Sure, Gerard. And that did come up a little earlier, but our focus continues to be from a traditional bank standpoint is something that would be meaningful from a customer acquisition or a geographic sense. I do think the value and the importance of scale is even more important than it was 12 months ago or 24 months ago. So that's something we're very focused on. And then the other areas that we're focused on are what I would call, partnerships or M&A-related to capabilities on the payment side, building our ecosystem, building the distribution. And those are smaller deals, technology related deals that we've done already in the payments business, and we'll continue to focus on.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. And I apologize. I think you are answering you know second time. Thank you. 
Andy Cecere: Thats okay. No problem.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Ms. Jen Thompson.
Jen Thompson: Thank you, everyone for listening to our earnings call. Please reach out to the Investor Relations department, if you have any follow-up questions.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-20 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorp's Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Andy Cecere, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and Terry Dolan, Vice Chair and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately 12:00 PM Eastern through Wednesday, February 3, 2021 at 12:00 midnight Eastern. I will now turn the conference call over to Jen Thompson, Director of Investor Relations and Economic Analysis for U.S. Bancorp.
Jen Thompson: Thank you, Natalia, and good morning, everyone. With me today are Andy Cecere, our Chairman, President and CEO; and Terry Dolan, our Chief Financial Officer. Also joining us on the call are our Chief Risk Officer, Jodi Richard; and our Chief Credit Officer, Mark Runkel. During their prepared remarks, Andy and Terry will be referencing a slide presentation. A copy of the slide presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at usbank.com. I'd like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of today's presentation, in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I'll now turn the call over to Andy.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Jen, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. Following our prepared remarks, Terry, Jodi, Mark and I will take any questions you have. I'll begin on Slide 3. In the third quarter, we reported earnings per share of $0.95. Revenue totaled $5.8 billion in the fourth quarter, and we delivered a record $23.3 billion for the full-year 2020, in spite of the headwinds caused by the low interest rate environment and the economic shutdowns due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The value of our diversified business model was evident this past year, as strength in our mortgage banking, corporate trust and capital markets businesses offset pressure on our net interest margin, which we expect to be stable in the near-term and lower payments revenue due to reduced spend activity. While uncertainty remains, I'm encouraged by economic data that have generally been coming in better-than-expected in recent months and an improving economic outlook, given progress on the vaccine and the potential for additional governance stimulus. In the fourth quarter, we saw a continuation of improving sales trends in our own payments data, with the exception of some pressure on our merchant acquiring businesses, European operations, which was affected by the economic shutdown in the second-half of the quarter. While we expect European operations to continue to experience pressure in the first quarter, we expect payments volume trends to continue to improve, in line with consumer spend activity. Non-interest expenses were stable compared with the third quarter and we continue to target flat sequential expense levels, as long as revenue growth remains challenging. Our balance sheet is in a strong position. Credit quality metrics were a little better-than-anticipated this quarter. And as expected, we neither built nor released reserves in the fourth quarter. We continue to maintain strong capital and liquidity positions, which will allow us to continue to support our customers in this environment. Following the results of the Fed stress test in December, which indicated that we will continue to be subject to the minimum stress capital buffer, we announced a $3 billion common stock repurchase program with buybacks beginning this quarter. Slide 4 provides key performance metrics. In the fourth quarter, we delivered a 15.6% return on tangible common equity. Slide 5 shows that we continue to see migration to the digital channel. Now, let me turn the call over to Terry, who will provide more color on the quarter.
Terry Dolan: Thanks Andy. If you turn to Slide 6, Ill start with the balance sheet review followed by a discussion of fourth quarter earnings trends. Average loans declined by 2.8% compared with the third quarter. The decline was primarily driven by lower commercial loans, reflecting continued paydowns by corporate customers, partly offset by higher mortgage loan balances. While paydown activity continues to slow, we expect it to remain somewhat elevated in the early part of 2021. Turning to Slide 7, average deposits increased 4.2% compared with the third quarter and overall deposit mix continues to be favorable. Our non-interest-bearing deposits grew 5.3%, while time deposits declined 3.8%. On Slide 8, you can see that credit quality continues to perform better relative to our expectations. Our net charge-off ratio was 0.58% in the fourth quarter, which was down compared to 0.66 basis points in the third quarter, reflecting improvement in both commercial and credit card loss rates. The ratio of non-performing assets to loans and other real estate was 0.44% at the end of the fourth quarter compared with 0.41% at the end of the third quarter. Our loan loss provision was $441 million in the fourth quarter, which was equivalent to our net charge-offs during the quarter. Our allowance for credit losses as of December 31 totaled $8.0 billion, or 2.69% of loans. The allowance level reflected our best estimate of the impact of slower economic growth and elevated unemployment, partially offset by the consideration of benefits of government stimulus programs. Slide 9 highlights our key underwriting metrics and loan loss allowance breakdown by loan category. We have a strong relationship-based credit culture at U.S. Bank, supported by cash flow-based lending that considers sensitivity to stress, proactive management, and portfolio diversification, which allows us to support growth through the economic cycle and produces consistent results. Turning to Slide 10. Exposures to certain at-risk segments, given the current environment, are stable compared with the third quarter. The top left table shows that the volume of payment relief declined meaningfully in the fourth quarter to 1.4% of total loans. Slide 11 provides an earnings summary. In the fourth quarter of 2020, we earned $0.95 per diluted share. Slide 12 shows that notable items that impacted earnings in the fourth quarter of 2019, we had no notable items in the fourth quarter of 2020. Turning to Slide 13. Net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis of $3.2 billion declined 1.6% compared with the third quarter, reflecting lower average loan balances and a 10 basis point decline in net interest margin. The decrease in the net interest margin was primarily driven by higher cash balances, which hurt our NIM by 8 basis points and higher premium amortization. We expect stability and cash balances in the near-term and given the current outlook for mortgage refinancing activity, we believe that fourth quarter 2020 will prove to be the peak level for premium amortization expense. Slide 14 highlights trends in non-interest income. Excluding notable items in the fourth quarter of 2019, non-interest income declined 1.0%, reflecting the impact of lower industry-wide consumer spending activity on our payments businesses and deposit service charges, partly offset by a strong mortgage banking revenue and higher commercial product revenue. Slide 15 provides information about our payment services business lines, including exposures to impacted industries. Year-over-year payments revenue was pressured by reduced consumer and business spend activity compared with pre-COVID levels. However, consumer sales trends generally improved throughout the fourth quarter, albeit at a slower pace than we saw in the third quarter. As expected, card sales volumes were impacted by lower prepaid card volumes in the fourth quarter as payment activity related to the stimulus programs moderated in the fourth quarter. Merchant acquiring volumes were negatively impacted by the mix of sales volumes and a decline in spending activity in Europe, following an increased economic shutdowns related to COVID-19. Commercial business spend within our corporate payments business continued to improve during the fourth quarter. Turning to Slide 16. On a linked-quarter basis, non-interest expenses were stable as expected. Excluding notable items in the fourth quarter of 2019, non-interest expenses increased by 5.1% on a year-over-year basis. Growth was driven by higher compensation related to revenue-generating business production, technology and communication costs and COVID-19-related expenses. Slide 17 highlights our capital position. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio at December 31 was 9.7%. I'll provide some forward-looking guidance. For the first quarter of 2021, we expect fully taxable equivalent net interest income to decline in the low-single digits, in part, due to seasonally fewer days. We expect our net interest margin to be relatively stable. Loan balances are likely to decline in the first quarter as PPP loans are forgiven and as corporations continue to use attractive capital markets funding alternatives and their strong cash flow to continue to pay down loans. However, we expect to start to see average loan balances growing in the second quarter. We expect mortgage revenue to decline on a linked-quarter basis, in line with the industry, as refinancing activity continues to moderate. In the first quarter, we expect both merchant acquiring revenue and corporate payments revenue to decline between 10% to 15% on a year-over-year basis; reflecting lower travel and hospitality volumes compared with pre-COVID levels. However, we expect sales volume trends excluding travel and hospitality to continue to improve on a sequential basis, in line with consumer and business spend activity. The recovery of travel and hospitality spend will be dependent upon the timing and efficacy of vaccinations and changes in consumer behavior and business activities. We expect credit and debit card revenue to increase in the low-double-digits on a year-over-year basis as growth in debit and prepaid card volumes more than offset lower travel and hospitality volumes. We expect non-interest expenses to be relatively stable compared with the fourth quarter. Recently, economic indicators have generally been better than market expectations, and the outlook has improved in the past few months. However, given current uncertainties that exist related to recent trends in COVID-19 cases and related state level restrictions, we expect non-performing assets remain elevated and we expect net charge-offs to remain relatively stable in the first quarter. We continue to expect net charge-offs to increase in the second half of the year. We expect the allowance for credit losses to begin to decline when there's more certainty regarding the economic outlook and the timing of when peak net charge-offs will occur. We will continue to assess the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses as conditions change. For the full year 2021, we currently expect our taxable equivalent tax rate to be approximately 20%. I'll hand it back to Andy for closing remarks.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Terry. 2020 was a challenging year for many, and I'm proud of how our employees came together to support our customers and communities to help them find solutions for their individual needs. As we move into 2021, I'm confident that U.S. Bank is well positioned to continue to deliver industry-leading results. Our diverse revenue stream will continue to serve us well as we move through the various phases of the economic cycle. We continue to carefully manage operating expenses, while our scale, our innovative culture and our focus on optimization will allow us to invest in our businesses and our digital and payments capabilities. We view a prudent and consistent approach to credit risk management, and our track record is good stewards of shareholders' capital as meaningful differentiators for this company, which is why we will always manage this company with a long-term lens. I want to thank our employees for all the resiliency, flexibility and hard work over this past year and for all they do to bring our culture to life every day. We'll now open up the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: Hi, good morning.
Terry Dolan: Good morning, Betsy.
Andy Cecere: Hi, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: I wanted to just understand a little bit about how you are thinking about the progression of loan growth as you go through the year and any kind of timing or drivers that you can speak to on the consumer side and the commercial side?
Terry Dolan: Yes. So, Betsy, when we end up looking at loan growth, we do expect, as we said, that in the first quarter, it's likely to be down because of the factors that we talked about, but we are starting to see an inflection point. I think there's better activity from an M&A perspective than business spend in terms of CapEx, it seems to be getting a little bit stronger. So our expectation is that in the fourth quarter, we kind of hit that inflection point and loans start to grow. The biggest challenge for us has really been on the commercial side of the equation as we've gone through 2020, and it's really when that starts to change in which overall loan growth starts to improve. We do expect that as consumer spend and consumer behaviors continue to get stronger throughout the year, some of the pressure on credit card will alleviate. And so, I do expect that as we get into second quarter and the second-half of the year, that credit card balances will start to come up as well. And so that kind of gives you a little bit of flavor with respect to consumer and commercial.
Betsy Graseck: And can you give us a sense on how you're thinking about your own appetite for M&A? We've had, obviously, in the industry, quite a bit of consolidation activity over the past couple of quarters. And I know from prior comments, you've mentioned that, look  you'll look at  but you have a high bar. Just wondering, given flush with capital liquidity and reserves, is  if that changes at all, the opportunity set from your perspective for any M&A?
Andy Cecere: Hey, Betsy, this is Andy. Our position on that is consistent with what we talked about. We'll continue to look at opportunities for -- in addition to organic growth, partnerships, alliance like we did with State Farm as well as M&A if it meets the hurdles, both from a financial and strategic sense to really increase our capabilities, our scale, our customer acquisition opportunities. So we'll be open-minded about that.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Thanks. And then just lastly, on the State Farm and the Charlotte market expansion and some of the other locations where you're doing digital-first, branch-light strategy, could you give us a sense as to the, kind of, pace of benefit to growth that you anticipate those strategies will drive over the next couple of years?
Andy Cecere: Yes. Let me start on the State Farm side. So as you know, that was an acquisition of card balances as well as deposits. And so we would expect continued increases in both of those categories, in addition to other opportunities and small business and other banking products with that alliance, and that is going very well and the conversion was very smooth. Charlotte is also exceeding our expectations, both in terms of extending current customer relationships, as well as new customer acquisition. We slowed a little bit in terms of the additional branches because of COVID, but we're going to get back on track there. So I would say, in both cases, they're exceeding our expectations. State Farm, a little bit more material just given the size than the Charlotte acquisition -- Charlotte increase.
Betsy Graseck: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: You bet.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI.
Andy Cecere: Hi, John.
John Pancari: Good morning. On the credit front, I just want to see if you can perhaps give us a little bit more color on your thought process regarding the reserve and why not release here? I know you indicated that you're watching the macro backdrop, what economic factors are you looking for to give you that signal around reserve releases? And then separately, I know you mentioned a peaking of charge-offs, so are you implying that you have to see that -- the charge-off peak before you release? I just want to see if you can elaborate there. Thank you.
Terry Dolan: Yes. I mean, maybe with respect to your second question, no, I don't think we need to see them peak. I think we need to just have confidence in terms of when that's going to occur. And I think that as time continues to move on, I think that the economic outlook continues to get better and stronger. I mean that's generally our expectation. Obviously, unemployment and some of the high level economic factors continue to improve, which is great. I think the biggest thing that we're waiting to see is just when we thought about the fourth quarter, COVID cases and things like that continue to be spiking. There were a number of state economies that continue to put more and more restrictions on. And we just kind of wanted to see that change or reverse, which I think as we're starting to see now, that's positive. But I think there's enough uncertainty, and we want to be conservative as we think about the appropriateness of the reserve, we want to just see those  some of those uncertainties alleviate.
John Pancari: Okay. All right. Thank you. And then separately, on the loan growth front, I hear you in terms of the likely inflection that you're beginning to see. So as you think about it, could you help us frame how you think loan growth could shape up for the year as this inflection materializes and you see the strengthening through the year? How should we think about full-year loan growth versus GDP? And then separately, what do you think will be the greatest contributors to loan growth in terms of your asset classes for 2021?
Terry Dolan: Yes. So relative to GDP, obviously, GDP is projected to be pretty strong. So I think that we're -- from a loan growth perspective, I think, the entire industry is going to see that lag a little bit behind that. But -- as the economy continues to get stronger, that loan growth will occur. The biggest challenges, I think, that the industry has had and certainly, what we've seen is that with very low rates, strong companies with good cash flows have been able to go out to the markets and refinance and/or use their own cash flows to pay down balances. And so, similar to what we saw the last time, deposits, there's a lot of liquidity out there with corporate America. And they need to start using some of that liquidity themselves in terms of capital expenditure, M&A activity and all sorts of things. So the positive thing that we see now is that there are some green shoots associated with all those things, and that's kind of the front end of loan growth starting to reverse and take off, similar to what we saw last time.
Andy Cecere: That's right, Terry. And I think the areas that, like you just said, the areas that probably offer the most opportunity are corporate loans as companies start to increase CapEx spend and M&A accelerates and credit card spend starts to increase. Most of the credit card increase activity right now is transactors as opposed to those using balances.
John Pancari: Got it. Okay. Thanks, guys.
Andy Cecere: You bet.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John McDonald with Autonomous Research.
Andy Cecere: Hey, John.
Terry Dolan: Hey, John.
John McDonald: Hi. Good morning. Andy, Terry gave some detailed guidance items for 2021. I guess, at a higher level, how are you thinking about what kind of year 2021 will be in terms of maybe headwinds and tailwinds on the revenue front? And how you're thinking about managing for operating leverage?
Andy Cecere: Yes, John. So let me start by thinking about the year 2020, because I think one of the great attributes of our company is their diversified revenue model. So we had headwinds in a couple of businesses like payments and NIM, offset by positives in mortgage and auto and our corporate trust business and our corporate -- and our commercial products businesses. As we think about -- as I think about 2021, I think some of those headwinds, particularly in payments, will begin to dissipate. We have some pressure in the fourth quarter because of our European operations. But, as you know, spend is starting to get back to normal, particularly those areas outside travel and hospitality. And I think that will start to come back, particularly in quarters two, three and four. So that will be a positive. Mortgage continues to be strong. Maybe not as strong as what it was in 2020, but we have a high retail activity and a new purchase activity, given the expansion and the investments we've made there, so I see positives there. Our Trust business is an investment and will continue to do strong. And then, as Terry talked about, I think, the other area of opportunity is in loan growth. So as we think about the year, that diversity of revenue is going to be very helpful. And we'll continue to manage expenses, given the revenue opportunities we have. And as we said, as we think about the first quarter, we expect it to be relatively flat.
John McDonald: Okay. And in terms of the operating leverage achievability this year, how would you handicap that? I know it's a tough call.
Andy Cecere: Yes. A little -- it's always our goal, John, let me start there. We're going to make the investments we need to, but also recognize the current environment and try to perform as best we can, given the revenue. So positive operating leverage is always our goal and we'll strive for that in 2021. There's still a lot of uncertainty on the revenue front. So we'll see how that plays out, and we'll continue to give updates.
John McDonald: Okay. And then, Terry, maybe you could just weigh in on terms of capital management, just remind us where do you think you should be running the company? You've got a fair amount of excess here in terms of common equity Tier 1? And how you think about using buybacks beyond the first quarter over the course of time? Thanks.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So, our overall target is 8.5%, and we typically operate somewhere between 8.5% and 9% in terms of Tier 1 ratio. Currently, as you know, we're at 9.7%. So, there is capacity and there's certainly opportunity for us to be able to bring that down. I think the thing that we'll do is we'll continue to watch the uncertainties as the economic outlook continues to strengthen and earnings strengthen. We'll take advantage of, but there's clearly plenty of opportunity from a capital management perspective to use that capital in a variety of ways.
John McDonald: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question.
Andy Cecere: Hey Scott.
Terry Dolan: Hi Scott.
Scott Siefers: Maybe, Terry, I was hoping to ask you to expand a bit on one of the comments you touched on a second ago with regard to corporate liquidity. Just on deposits, generally, the whole world is kind of a wash in all these deposits. Just your top level thoughts on sort of when and how those kind of get drawn down if they come down, just overall kind of what you're thinking there?
Terry Dolan: Yes. Certainly, our expectation for 2021 is that from a policy perspective, the Federal Reserve is going to continue to support a fairly high level or accommodative sort of an environment. Our expectation is that deposits will continue to grow, but certainly not maybe at the pace that they were in 2020. So, that's going to be both an opportunity for us as we have the deposit flow to be able to look at investing, for example, in the investment portfolio, et cetera. But it's also going to create a challenge from Corporate America in terms of the amount of liquidity that they have.
Scott Siefers: Okay, perfect. Thanks. And then I was hoping you could touch on the commercial products revenue line a bit. In a sense, it's kind of reversed some of the trends we see at peers where it sort of peaked earlier in the year and has been declining. And just curious if you can sort of talk about some of the underlying trends there and expectations.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Certainly, when we think about commercial product revenue, I mean, the peak really was kind of in the second, third quarter sort of timeframe. For us, our focus is really more on the high investment-grade sort of customers as opposed to high yield. And I think that you -- because of that mix in terms of what's happening in the marketplace ends up impacting our growth rates maybe relative to the industry. Fourth quarter is always -- there's always a little bit of seasonality for us, it kind of comes down. When we look at 2021 though, we're generally bullish with respect to capital markets activities.
Scott Siefers: Okay, perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America.
Terry Dolan: Good morning, Erika.
Andy Cecere: Hey Erika.
Erika Najarian: Hi good morning. My first question is just teasing out the NII outlook for the rest of the year. As I think about your comments on loan growth and that fourth quarter will be peak for premium NIM, should we expect the first quarter of 2021 to represent a bottom in net interest income? And do you -- if so, would you expect it to grow from there? Sorry, Part B of this question, is there any PPP-related income that you're putting into guidance?
Terry Dolan: Yes. Well, maybe with respect to the last one. I mean, PPP, obviously, will impact net interest income as forgiveness occurs, et cetera. But it's not a big driver associated with it for us. Maybe kind of coming back to your first question, though, our expectation from here is that starting point, net interest margin is going to be stable, certainly in the first quarter and our expectation is through the year. I mean the pressures associated with the yield curve and all sorts of things that we saw last year actually will probably be helpful to us. As we see that inflection point in terms of loan balances, that's going to be a big driver in terms of the inflection point with respect to net interest income as well. And then certainly as deposit flows, if they continue to be strong, we don't believe that we need to build any more liquidity. And so, we'll look at opportunistically reinvesting that in the market.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And as we think about the trajectory for payments related fee income and is $799 million this quarter versus -- the fourth quarter versus $945 million in 4Q '19. As you think about your outlook for the global economy, do you think you could go back to the run rate of $945 million by 4Q 2021, or do you think that certain part of payments will take a little bit longer to come back?
Terry Dolan: Yes. Well, generally, I would say that when we think about the payments business, we're optimistic with respect to sales volumes as the year progresses. We do -- certainly, when we saw fourth quarter, here we saw good sales expansion in terms of credit card, debit card and in the commercial spend in our corporate payments space. The domestic spend from a merchant perspective was kind of flattish in the fourth quarter, but we do expect that to continue to expand and grow throughout the year. I think the thing that -- getting back to your question though, in terms of how quickly do you get back to pre-COVID revenue levels. A driver of that is just the travel and entertainment piece, which is going to be probably a little bit more subdued at least in 2021.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And if I could sneak a final question here and this is for Andy. As a follow-up to Betsy's question, I do get a lot of questions from investors on whether or not U.S. bank would do something more transformational from a non-organic growth perspective, seeing that your closest peers in terms of size did something either transformational or somewhat transformational. And the question here is, with assets at $554 billion as of year-end, does the -- is $700 billion a bright line for you as it indicates a different tier in terms of regulatory treatment?
Andy Cecere: I think, Erika, the short answer is I don't think about that as a bright line. As we talked about, we're making investments across all of our businesses, particularly in the digital channels. We spent $2.5 billion a year. We have good scale, but we'll look at opportunities to increase that scale and increase the customer acquisition opportunity across all the businesses. So -- but there aren't any bright lines in terms of what we look at or would do or wouldn't do.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Sure.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning.
Terry Dolan: Good morning, Matt.
Matt O'Connor: First, a clarifying question, sorry if I missed it. But the expense guidance, I think you said stable in the first quarter versus 4Q, but did you give full year 2021 guidance on costs?
Terry Dolan: Yes, we didn't necessarily give full year guidance. I would just kind of come back to what Andy said, and that our goal and our expectation is to manage expenses flat, especially given the revenue environment. And our target is always to achieve positive after leverage, it's going to be challenging in the  especially in the earlier part of the year.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. That's helpful. And then separately, the alliance that you have with State Farm, just talk about some of the, kind of the longer-term opportunity there, I think you brought in about $10 billion deposits and a little bit north of $1 billion of card loans. But what do you think the revenue and earnings contribution from that can be overtime?
Terry Dolan: Yes. I mean, so the dollars that you mentioned in terms of deposits and credit card is pretty close. When we think about the business though, and Andy has talked about this before, there's just a lot of opportunity, and they have 19,000 agents that are out there. And they're one of the biggest organizations with respect to small business customers. And so when we think about it, we think about there's opportunity in terms of deposit gathering, there's certainly early opportunity to enhance and improve the credit card program that has existed. But we have a number of different initiatives that are going to focus around really expanding that and also expanding our relationship with them in terms of auto lending as well as  as well as small business opportunities.
Matt O'Connor: And I guess what I'm getting at, like if we look out five years, like, is this something that could all of a sudden start moving the needle, right? Like, so mortgage, you're investing heavily in it for a number of years and all of a sudden, activity picked up and it's just massive number. And even if it's not sustainable, it just shows kind of the fruits of the investments. Is this something that could move the needle, or is it just kind of a building block along with some other initiatives? Thank you.
Terry Dolan: No, I think it is one of those things that can move the needle for us. I mean, any time you have access through 19,000 agencies, we think that, that's very significant. And the other thing, Matt, is that we've invested a lot in digital capabilities. We plan on leveraging all of those digital capabilities in order to be able to support their customers and ours. So we're very bullish. And we're very excited about the State Farm alliance, a lot more to come.
Matt O'Connor: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Terry Dolan: Hi, Ken.
Ken Usdin: Hey, morning guys, morning. Just a couple of quick follow-ups, first of all, on the point about premium am and at bottoming, is there a way you can help us understand, how much of an impact that currently is either in numeric terms or how much directional change there has been to get to this point, given your point that it's  to the point that it's bottoming?
Terry Dolan: Yes. I mean, we haven't necessarily disclosed any dollars associated with premium amortization. If you end up thinking about the 10 basis points this quarter, eight of it is really related to card balances, so the rest of it is really driven by premium amortization or significant amount. So I think with respect to first quarter, it's  or fourth quarter is really peaked. First quarter, it's really end into 2021. It's really going to track, I think, along with how refinancings occur within the mortgage industry.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And as you look into this year and consider the stimulus that's already started to flush through and potentially more stimulus. How does that impact, what you expect to see in the payments businesses, at least domestically? So, does that net help revenues? Does it weigh on revenues? And what other kind of through the income statement, the FX, do you  are you anticipating given the prospect for even more stimulus to come through? Thanks.
Terry Dolan: Yes. I mean, when you think about stimulus, certainly, in the short-term, it helps our prepaid card businesses pretty significantly. And with respect to the most recent one and if there's another round of it, I think, that that would continue to help throughout the year. But I do think that it will, and we did see in the last stimulus, it does stimulate consumer activity in terms of buying and that is going to help and did help and will help our payments businesses as we think about 2021. So that, to me, is a very favorable thing. I think the other thing is that when you think about it from a credit standpoint, the $900 billion maybe was a little bit lower than what had been hoped for, but it's a nice start, and I think there is most likely thoughts in terms of more to come. The real question there is does that create the bridge for the consumer customers from a net charge-off perspective to really keep those at base, so to speak. And I think that stimulus is going to be a positive both in terms of revenue as well as on the net charge-off side if it occurs.
Ken Usdin: Yes. And just one follow-up on the European side of the payments business. How quickly can -- does lockdown changes move into the revenue stream? Meaning that is it coincident, does this start to lag from what you've observed in the prior -- first lockdowns as opposed to this one, that's happened now and wait on the fourth quarter results. What's the experience that you've seen and would expect?
Terry Dolan: Yes. The bounce back is pretty fast. I mean it certainly is within that 30 days to 90 days timeframe, you start to see it. It does take a while for it to -- for that trajectory to get back, but it does happen pretty fast. The other thing to keep in mind is the European revenue impact to U.S. Bank. Total revenue is probably around 1%, so it's a very small amount in terms of total revenue. And -- but we'll continue to see what happens with respect to lockdown.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo.
Mike Mayo: Hi.
Andy Cecere: Hey, Mike.
Terry Dolan: Hi, Mike.
Mike Mayo: Well, I guess, you stand out, unless I missed it. So no reserve releases pandemic related, or did I miss that? You built up with about $2 billion of reserves the prior three quarters, but no releases in the fourth quarter. Did I get that right? And if so, why no releases?
Terry Dolan: Yes. Mike, that is correct. When we end up looking at the allowance for credit losses, we still see, as I said a little bit earlier, I think we end up looking at the uncertainties that exist out there or at least existed out there at the end of the year. And just have -- what we want to be able to see is we want to see, kind of, a reversal of some of the restrictions and the reversal associated with some of the COVID cases. And I think that we're starting to see that happening, which is a good sign. But that's one of the reasons that we really held back with respect to the allowance for credit losses at this point.
Mike Mayo: So it's not your clients. It's just -- you're just being conservative with the environment?
Terry Dolan: Well, yes, I think it's just the uncertainty in the environment. We'd like to see a few of those continue to improve.
Mike Mayo: Okay. My bigger question relates to your presentation from December, which talks about recreating the ecosystem and going after more of the payments business with your middle market companies and small businesses, and basically improving the share of payments with your business customers. And I didn't completely understand the endgame for that. Any specific metrics around how you're trying to improve share, for example. One metric could be, you have X percent share of the payments business with your middle market companies and you want to move it to Y? Or, anything concrete that you can put around what feels like a newer or enhanced strategic direction and that coincides, I guess, with your closing of one-fourth of your branches, and if you can give an update on that also?
Andy Cecere: Yes, Mike, this is Andy. Let me start with the branches. So, we did complete the branch closures early in January. So, as we talked about, we were just over 3,000 branches. We're down about 25%, so just over 2,300 branches. And that's really a function of consumer behaviors. As you saw from the chart, 77% of our customers are using the digital channel. Those using the branch channel, while still important and still seeking advice and consult, it's down to about 40%. So there's a behavior change that's accelerated as a result of the pandemic and the closures reflect that. That's number one. On the small business, business banking front, I think it's a very significant opportunity. We have a great payments business. We have a great banking business, and weaving those two together to offer a full set of capabilities for that ecosystem is critically important. And I think there's three metrics that we're going to focus on. Payments customers that add banking capabilities, banking customers that add payments capabilities and new customer acquisition. And we haven't articulated those goals, but we have goals for all three of them and we'll update as we go forward, but I think it's a huge opportunity.
Mike Mayo: Okay. And as far as, last question, extra spending, I mean, if you closed all your branches, it's done in January, so you certainly have savings. Your tech spend went up quarter-over-quarter in the fourth quarter. So are you looking to increase your tech spend while you create this kind of newer ecosystem?
Andy Cecere: So, Mike, we talked a little bit about our guidance on expense, which is relatively flat. And as you think about that flat expense guidance, there's really two components. One is, achieving savings through optimization on the current business model while at the same time, investing for the new. So, we're going to be able to continue to invest to allow us to expand in these areas, while retaining flat expenses by saving on the current business model.
Mike Mayo: All right. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: You bet.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Vivek Juneja with the JPMorgan.
Andy Cecere: Hi, Vivek.
Vivek Juneja: Hi, Andy. Hey, Terry.
Andy Cecere: Good morning.
Vivek Juneja: Thanks for taking my questions. Im good. Thanks. A couple of questions. Firstly, branch closures, you obviously did a lot in early Jan. What's your thinking for the rest of the year? Are you done for this year? Do you think there's more to come? And in line with that, given that this is all about consumer behavior with the pandemic. How is that changing your thinking about opening more branches? I know you said you want to open more in Charlotte, but that whole expansion strategy. Do you need as many branches? If you could sort of talk to both those pieces.
Andy Cecere: Sure, Vivek. So as you think about Charlotte, we were targeting a dozen branches. If you think about the twin cities, we have nearly 85 to 100. So, the way we would open in a new market would be significantly different than the current business model. In terms of the number, I think we're at a relatively stable point right now. We'll continue to look at opportunities to optimize branches, at the same time opening new branches. But I wouldn't expect substantial changes in the near term.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. Great. Different question. What percentage of your merchant processing revenues is small to mid-sized merchants versus the large?
Terry Dolan: Well, I don't necessarily have that at my fingertips. But if you end up just kind of looking at the overall mix, we have a pretty good mix of small and medium-sized sort of businesses that are part of that equation. And they have tended to be kind of omni distribution sort of merchants or customers as well. One of the things we continue to expand and grow is our e-commerce sort of capabilities, and that has grown very nicely over the last year or so.
Vivek Juneja: Would you expect that they are half your business? Over half? What would you guess?
Terry Dolan: Yes. If I were -- if I were to venture a guess, I'd say maybe a little bit -- it depends upon how you end up characterizing small and medium, et cetera. I think that's the thing I'm struggling with here a little bit, Vivek.
Andy Cecere: Vivek, one thing I'd add because I think where you're going in terms of the recovery. One way we look at it a lot and very focused on is the component of our merchant acquiring that is travel, entertainment, and airline. And a year ago, back in 2019, that was nearly 40%, and so it was 37%. And today, it's about 20%. So, the decline that's occurred has been principally in that area as opposed to small or large business, it's been in that focused area of travel and airline. Everything else has actually got back to normal. And that 20% is where the opportunity exists for continued improvement in spend as we think about the future.
Vivek Juneja: Great. All right. Thanks. And one last one, if I may. Mortgage banking stayed still very strong. I know it's down. You -- I'm presuming you've been able to pass on the GSE refi fee thus far, is that the case? And what's the plan for that as you look forward?
Terry Dolan: That would be the situation for the case. Again, when we think about the mortgage banking business too, we talk a lot about the refi. But the thing that I'd maybe remind people is that we've made a lot of investment in that business in terms of the purchase money, purchase mortgage, and that continues to do very well. I think it's -- if you end up looking at the production of applications in the last quarter, it was about 52% purchase versus refinancing. So, I know that, that people will look at that and I actually think that, that's an area of opportunity as we think about the future.
Vivek Juneja: All right. Okay, great. Thanks. Thank you very much.
Terry Dolan: Thanks Vivek.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.
Terry Dolan: Good morning Bill.
Andy Cecere: Good morning Bill.
Bill Carcache: Good morning. Thank you for all the color that you guys have given on payments. But I wanted to follow-up with a bigger picture question. Broadly speaking, how would you guys respond to concerns of some investors that USB's merchant acquiring business is tethered to the physical point-of-sale and is competitively disadvantaged against some of the more digitally native names like PayPal, Square, and Stripe? And also, more broadly, if you could discuss what USB is doing to compete against those kinds of players?
Andy Cecere: Yes. Good questions, Bill. And twofold, number one, is most of the investments we've made and most of the expansions occurred over the last two years has been on the e-commerce side of the equation. It's not just e-commerce; it's really capabilities to help those businesses run their businesses. And I think one of the advantages against those payments players you described is our banking business and that's why we're so darn focused on weaving together banking and payments because those customers need not just the payments mechanisms, they need small loans, they need deposit advice and acceptance, so they need a full array of services. And I think if we can offer those in a convenient, easy fashion that solves their problems and helps them run their business. So I think that's where our advantage is. And that's a combination of banking and payments, it's so darn important.
Q  Bill Carcache: Thanks, Andy. That's super helpful color. If I could squeeze in another one, I'm sorry if you guys discussed this already on the securities portfolio. But what kind of reinvestment rates are you guys seeing relative to what we saw in the fourth quarter? And maybe a little bit on what kind of opportunity a steeper curve could represent?
A  Terry Dolan: Yes. Certainly, when we see the securities portfolio, I mean, the differential from our reinvestment has shrunk some relative, for example, third quarter, fourth quarter got a little bit better and that we would expect it probably get better as well. I do think as the long end of the curve starts to come up, I think that, that is another inflection point. It's just a matter of kind of what the timing of that is.
Q  Bill Carcache: Got it. Thanks very much for answering my questions.
A  Terry Dolan: Yes. Thank you, Bill.
Operator: Our final question is from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
A  Terry Dolan: Hey, Gerard.
Q  Gerard Cassidy: Good morning, Andy and good morning, Terry.
A  Andy Cecere: Good morning.
Q  Gerard Cassidy: A question for you on the outlook for loan loss reserves. Clearly, you guys have always been very conservative, and you still are, as we look out into the future. Maybe, Terry, can you share with us, I think if I read the number correctly, your reserves to loans today are about 2.69% and that's of course, higher than where we were in January 1, when you guys had your CECL adjustment, I think it was about 1.99%. Do you eventually see the reserve to loan number coming back to where it was pre-pandemic at about 2%?
A  Terry Dolan: Yes. It will be kind of really around timing. But certainly, when we look at the overall mix of our business and our portfolio, and our underwriting that 2% to us makes sense, as we get through the pandemic sort of environment.
Q  Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then, Andy, maybe a bigger picture question. Clearly, your guys' outlook is maybe a little more conservative than some of your peers, but there seems to be the expectation that is the vaccines are widespread, hopefully, by the middle of the year that the economy will come back strongly in the second half. There are calls for real GDP growth of 5% to 6%. The equity markets are at record levels, as you know. When you go down the elevator at night, what risks do you worry about as you think about the next 12 to 24 months?
A  Andy Cecere: Well, the principal risks are the ones you described, which are the economic risks, the headwinds and the flat yield curve. But I think the economic headwinds that we faced in the second half of 2020 are starting to dissipate for sure and starting to come back. And again Gerard, you mentioned we have a diversified revenue stream and different businesses do well in different environments. And those businesses that struggled with some of the headwinds that we saw regarding to NIM and loan growth and payments, I think it will start to turn the other way as we start to see the recovery for all the reasons you described. So  and then different businesses will be impacted in different ways, so the value of diversified revenue stream really is very helpful. And one of the ways that helps us perform in whatever economic cycle we're in. But the principal thing that we all think about is, how the stimulus and how the actions of the government, as well as some of the forbearance and plans by the banks will help us get back into a normal economic recovery. I think that's the principal area of concern for all of us right now.
Q  Gerard Cassidy: Very good. Thank you.
A  Andy Cecere: You bet. Thanks, Gerard
Operator: There are no further questions.
Jen Thompson: Thank you for joining our call today. Please call the Investor Relations department with any follow-up questions.
Operator: This concludes today's U.S. Bancorp fourth quarter 2020 earnings call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-14 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the U.S. Bancorps Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Andy Cecere, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Terry Dolan, Vice Chair and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately 12:00 o'clock PM Eastern Time, through Wednesday, October 21, at 12 o'clock Midnight Eastern. I will now turn the conference over to Jen Thompson, Director of Investor Relations and Economic Analysis for U.S. Bancorp.
Jen Thompson: Thank you, Cindy, and good morning, everyone. With me today are Andy Cecere, our Chairman, President and CEO; and Terry Dolan, our Chief Financial Officer. Also joining us on the call are our Chief Risk Officer, Jodi Richard and our Chief Credit Officer, Mark Runkel. During their prepared remarks, Andy and Terry will be referencing a slide presentation. A copy of the slide presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at usbank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during todays call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of todays presentation in our press release, and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Andy.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Jen, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our call. Following our prepared remarks, Terry, Jodi, Mark and I will take any questions you have. Ill begin on Slide 3. In the third quarter, we reported earnings per share of $0.99. Our revenue of $6 billion was higher in both our linked quarter and year-over-year basis, driven by strong fee income performance across a number of business lines. Credit quality metrics deteriorated in line with our expectations, primarily reflecting more challenging operating conditions for some commercial sectors impacted by COVID-19. However, our reserve build in the third quarter was limited to the addition related to our acquisition of $1.2 billion of credit card loans from State Farm. Our capital and liquidity positions remained strong and our deposit mix improved in the third quarter, as demand deposits increased sharply while higher cost time deposits declined. The bottom right quadrant of this slide shows our strong capital position. At September 30, our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio was 9.4%. Slide 4 provides key performance metrics. In the third quarter, we delivered 16.6% return on tangible common equity. Slide 5 shows steady improvement in digital activities. Notably, digital sales now account for more than half of all loan sales, highlighting how our business investments are supporting our customers evolving behavior. Digital remains a focused investment area for us and its more activity moves to the digital channel that will drive customer loyalty and topline growth, as well as cost savings and efficiency opportunities. Now let me turn the call over to Terry, who will provide more color on the quarter.
Terry Dolan: Thank, Andy. If you turn to Slide 6, I'll start with the balance sheet review followed by a discussion of third quarter earnings trends. Average loans declined 2.2% compared with the second quarter. In early July, we added $1.2 billion in credit card loans, required as part of our new alliance with State Farm. Additionally, loans made under the SBA Paycheck Protection Program increased by $2.8 billion on average in the quarter. Excluding the State Farm and PPP loans, average loans declined by 3.5%, as strong residential mortgage growth was more than offset by the impact of pay downs in the C&I portfolio, given strong capital market activities during the third quarter. Turning to Slide 7, average deposits increased 0.6% compared with the second quarter, and the overall deposit mix continues to be favorable. Our non-interest bearing deposits grew 15.0%, while the time deposits declined 21.7%. In early October, we closed on the acquisition of $10 billion of deposits from State Farm, which will add to deposit balances and increase liquidity in the fourth quarter. Turning the Slide 8, as expected under the current economic environment, credit quality deteriorated in the third quarter. Our net charge-off ratio was 0.66% in the third quarter, up 11 basis points compared with the second quarter, as higher losses in our commercial and commercial real estate portfolios were partially offset by lower credit card and total other retail net charge-offs. The ratio of non-performing assets to loans and other real estate was 0.41% at the end of the third quarter, compared with 0.38% at the end of the second quarter. Our loan loss provision was $635 million in the third quarter. The provision amount included a $120 million related to the credit card loans acquired from State Farm at the beginning of the quarter. Our allowance for credit losses as of September 30, totaled $8.0 billion or 2.61% of loans. The allowance level reflected our best estimates of the impact of slower economic growth and elevated unemployment, partially offset by the consideration of benefits of government stimulus programs. While estimates are based on many quantitative factors and qualitative judgments, our base case outlook assumes an unemployment rate of 8.9% for the third quarter, increasing slightly to 9.1% in the fourth quarter of 2020, before declining somewhat to 7.8% by the fourth quarter of 2021. Slide 9 highlights our key underwriting metrics and loan loss allowance breakdown by loan category. We have a strong relationship based credit culture at U.S. banks, supported by cash flow based lending, that considers sensitivity to stress, proactive management and portfolio diversification, which allows us to support growth throughout the economic cycle and produces consistent results. Turning to Slide 10, exposures to certain at risk segments and given the current environment are stable compared with the second quarter. The top left table shows that the volume of payment relief has declined meaningfully since the second quarter. New requests have reached a steady states and peaking in April. Slide 11 provides an earnings summary. In the third quarter of 2020, we earned $0.99 per diluted share. Turning to Slide 12, net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis of $3.3 billion was up 0.9%, compared with the second quarter as a 5 basis point increase in our net interest margin offset the impact of a decrease in loan volume. The increase in the net interest margin was driven by lower cash balances. We expect cash balances to increase in the fourth quarter, primarily due to the recent acquisition of the deposits from State Farm. Slide 13 highlights trends in non-interest income, strength in mortgage banking and commercial product revenue drove the year-over-year increase, while linked quarter growth reflected higher payments revenue and deposits service charges, as consumer spend activity continue to recover from second quarter lows. Slide 14 provides information about our payment services business lines, including exposures to the impacted industries. Year-over-year payments revenue was pressured by reduced consumer spend compared with pre-COVID levels. However, consumer sales trends improved throughout the quarter as state and local economies continue to improve and spend activity increased. In the third quarter, credit and debit card revenue benefited from the processing of state unemployment distribution programs that utilize our prepaid cards. We expect this activity to moderate in the fourth quarter. Over the long-term payments revenues are closely tied to spend activity and the resultant sales volume trends. Turning to Slide 15, non-interest expenses increased 7.2% on a year-over-year basis, driven by higher costs related to the pre-card business, COVID-19-related expenses and higher revenue related costs from mortgage and capital markets production. On a linked quarter basis, non-interest expenses increased 1.6%. Relative to our expectations, we saw an increase in medical claims expenses, as employees regained access to medical services following the stay-at-home orders, and higher revenue related costs tied to the mortgage and capital markets activities and most notably, higher prepaid card processing activities. Slide 16 highlights our capital position, our common equity tier 1 capital ratio at September 30 was 9.4%. I'll now provide some forward-looking guidance. For the fourth quarter of 2020, we expect fully taxable equivalent net interest income to be flat to down slightly. We expect mortgage revenue to decline somewhat compared to the third quarter, reflecting slower refinancing activity for the industry and seasonality. Payments revenue is likely to continue to be adversely affected on a year-over-year basis due to reduced consumer and business spend activity. We expect non-interest expenses to be relatively stable compared to the third quarter. We expect net charge-offs and non-performing assets to continue to increase from current levels reflective of economic conditions. Future levels of reserves will depend on a number of factors, including loan production, size and mix, changes in the outlook for credit quality, reflecting both economic conditions and portfolio performance, and any beneficial offset from government stimulus. We will continue to assess the adequacy of the allowance for losses as credit conditions change. For the full year of 2020, we expect our taxable equivalent tax rate to be approximately 19%. I will hand it back to Andy for closing remarks.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Terry. The economy is showing signs of recovery but consumer spending remains below pre-COVID levels. The unemployment rate is high by historical standards, and the outlook remains uncertain. However, we are well-positioned to navigate through a more challenging economic and interest rate environment. We are well reserved, well capitalized and our liquidity position is strong. We remain committed to creating long-term value for our shareholders by delivering above average returns on equity through this cycle, driven by both superior PPNR results and credit performance. Our third quarter earnings results highlights the benefits of our diversified business mix and our credit underwriting discipline. We are optimistic that we continue to win market share over time across our high return fee businesses, such as mortgage, payments and trust and investment services. We will continue to adjust our strategy as consumer preferences evolve, including adjusting our distribution network. Our alliance with State Farm, which brings our digital banking capabilities together with over 1,900 State Farm agents is an example, how we can meaningfully expand our reach in a low cost highly efficient way. Separately, about 18 months ago, we announced the branch transformation initiative aimed at better serving our customers in light of their evolving preferences. At that time, we announced that we would close 10% to 15% of our branches by early 2021. To-date, we have closed about 10%. We now plan to close an additional 15% by early 2021. The rate majority of these additional closures were branches that were impacted by COVID-19 and they will remain closed. While physical branches and personal interactions will always be important, we need fewer branches today than we did even a few years ago. And the branches of the future need to be more advice centers and locations where transactions take place. I'll conclude on Slide 17. Our culture has always been a key differentiator of the U.S. Bank story, and we remain committed to supporting our customers, our communities and our employees in the good times, as well as the more challenging times. While it has always been important to us, today there is even a greater emphasis on ensuring that we do that in a deliberately inclusive way. I want to thank our employees who bring our culture to life every day and for all their hard work throughout the year. We'll now open up the call to Q&A.
Operator: Your first question is from John Pancari with Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, John.
Terry Dolan: Hey John.
John Pancari: Just on that comment regarding the branches. Is that -- can you help us think about the cost impact of the step up in the consolidation of the branches? Is that factored into your expectations on expenses? I guess, if you can kind of just elaborate on how you see expenses projecting and if this could impact your efficiency expectations? Thanks.
Terry Dolan: Yes. John, great question. And when we think about expenses, our goal is especially in this environment to be able to manage expenses relatively flat. And it is one of the things that we have kind of considered or factored into that process. The cost saves associated with the branches will be important, part of that we do expect will flow to the bottom line. And part of it, we will continue to use to reinvest in our business, particularly in the digital capabilities. And as you can imagine the more we're investing in that the greater the opportunity with respect to future cost savings will come as well. So that's kind of how we're thinking about it.
John Pancari: Okay. And then just one more thing on that front. Are you also -- do you also see opportunities to ratchet up corporate real estate rationalization outside of the branches? And could that be incremental savings on top of this?
Terry Dolan: Yes. So we will look not only at the branches, we'll also look at our corporate real estate. One of the things that we're still kind of working through is what does the next horizon from a workforce management perspective look like, because that will obviously impact corporate real estate. But I do think that there's opportunity for us to be able to consolidate as we think about 2021.
John Pancari: Okay. Thanks, Terry. And then just one more thing on the revenue side. I know that your fees definitely came in better this quarter helped by the card and processing fees. And I just want to get your thoughts on your payments revenues given just where you see payment, consumer and corporate payments, projecting through over the next several months? I know you commented on the prepaid card expectation, but wanted to get your thoughts more broadly on the payments trajectory here?
Terry Dolan: Yes. So, one thing I would say is that since the second quarter weve continued to see improvement in consumer and business span which is good, across all of those different areas. And at the end of looking at the one slide youll see that excluding the airline travel and entertainment the sales consumer spend has actually come back very nicely. So I think that on a go forward basis the impacts will be really some of those at risk industries for some period of time. Ultimately, the trajectory of growth in the payments business will be tied to that consumer business spend overall. There will be a little bit of lumpiness in the third quarter, for example with respect to the prepaid card which is really driven by the stimulus programs. If we see a stimulus program in the fourth or first quarter, that might give us a little bit lift but its not that something that we are contemplating at this particular point in time.
Andy Cecere: And I would just add, this is Andy John that as Terry mentioned, we see a continued improvement across all three categories merchant acquiring, credit card issuing as well as the corporate payment system. The trough for all those were occurred in April, and each and every month since then there has been slight improvement in spend across those categories.
John Pancari: Got it. Okay, great. Thanks Andy. Thanks Terry.
Andy Cecere: Okay.
Terry Dolan: Yep.
Operator: Your next question is from Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.
Bill Carcache: Thanks. Good morning Andy and Terry. It sounds like you guys have the unemployment rate rising from here. Is that just conservatism? Or is there something else that you guys are seeing, if you could just give a little bit of color on that one?
Andy Cecere: Yes. I dont think its anything specific that were seeing. I do think though that maybe our expectation -- and if you think about corporate America you are starting to see some reductions in force, whether its in the airline industry and some of the entertainment industries. I think that, because of the stimulus programs that have existed some of those companies have differed taking some of those actions. Our expectation as we think about the fourth quarter is some of those actions are going to impact unemployment levels, before they start to come back down.
Bill Carcache: Understood. And I guess a separate question is, how would you characterize your gearing to the short end versus the long end of the curve? And if there is sensitivity that you could give that would be great?
Terry Dolan: How were -- I am sorry.
Andy Cecere: Interest rate sensitivity [Indiscernible].
Terry Dolan: Yes. So, maybe just stepping back, our balance sheet is about 50% floating, 50% fixed. Well continue to see a little bit of turn on the fix side for some period of time. Were always looking for opportunities to be able to reinvest in the investment portfolio with a little bit more duration, and we kind of continue to manage that. Our asset liability position widened, so were asset sensitive and that widened in the first quarter quite a bit. And since then its been relatively stable. And well continue to kind of manage that way for some period of time. When we bring on the deposits as an example well hold that generally on the short end by increasing liquidity levels, because I think that future opportunity in terms of rate increases is a better trade off in the industry and immediately today.
Bill Carcache: Got it. Thanks, Terry. And if I could squeeze in one last one. Some of your competitors have hedging programs in place that have served as a source of support for their net interest margins, but you guys havent benefited materially from hedges. And I guess as hedges begin to roll off that should benefit you guys relative to others, because you dont have to deal with those future headwinds. Is that by design or I guess just wondering if there is any color that can give around hedging strategy and positioning?
Terry Dolan: Yes, historically we typically just use the balance sheet as a way of kind of hedging or setting up our assets liability position. So we utilize for example duration and composition of our investment portfolio in order to do that, so we dont do a lot of active hedging. I will tell you though we did do some hedging middle of last year. And when rates came down nicely we were able to lock in the gains associated with it, which I think will help a bit. But its not a major part of our program.
Bill Carcache: Understood. Thank you for taking my questions.
Andy Cecere: Thanks Bill.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gerard Cassidy from RBC.
A  Andy Cecere: Hey, Gerard. Good morning.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning, Terry. Good morning, Andy. Can you guys give us some additional color? I noticed and you pointed out in the call that you took some charge-offs some commercial and commercial real estate in the COVID-related sectors. Can you give us some color on what you're seeing in terms of the write-downs that are required to move through this period of time with these types of sectors?
Mark Runkel: Hey, good morning, Gerard. This is Mark Runkel, I'll answer that question. First off, I would just start off by saying our credit quality is performing in line with our expectations at this point. And as you know, we have a couple of guiding principles in how we think about managing credit. First being, is that we stay very consistent in our underwriting throughout the cycle. Number two, as we're very proactive at identifying and working through problem credits when they arise. And so what I would say is, the result of that is, and as you have seen, this is our criticized commitments did increase early in the downturn in this particular cycle. And so, as we think of our charge-offs, the level of charge-offs, at least this quarter did increase as a result of that. So it's really a timing issue. And in the end, we think we're going to continue to have very superior credit quality performance throughout the economic cycle.
Andy Cecere: And I know, Mark, we've been very actively managing that portfolio, the at-risk industries in order to bring that exposure down.
Mark Runkel: That's right.
Andy Cecere: That's the driver behind the net charge-off levels.
Mark Runkel: Thats right.
Gerard Cassidy: And within these portfolios, I don't know if there was any hotel properties or maritime biz [ph] to be written down, what you were actually seeing in terms of on an individual credit basis? Are you seeing 10% or 15% write-downs, the ones that you do have the write-down?
Mark Runkel: Yes, I think, I mean, that's exactly the range that we're currently seeing on those properties. And it's really property specific, so it does vary greatly. But those that are the most distressed are in that kind of range that you talked about.
Gerard Cassidy: I see, I mean, just as a follow-up, some of the bigger universal money center type banks have discussed that the consumer net charge-offs because of the support from the fiscal programs and other types of programs may be pushed out into the second-half of 2021. So it's not necessarily avoiding them there is just the timing of it. Do you guys have any color on the consumer side what you're seeing in terms of the potential for charge-offs?
Andy Cecere: I would echo those comments. Gerard, this is Andy. The credit stats for the consumer portfolio are really good right now, and the indicators the delinquencies, all those facts are more positive than you would expect, given the economic environment that we're in. Part of that certainly is due to the stimulus plans, the unemployment benefits, all of those things, which is creating a bit of a bridge. I do expect that at some point in 2021, we'll start to see an acceleration of credit deterioration, the consumer portfolios, once those benefits start to wear down.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erika Najarian, from Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: Good morning.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Erika.
Erika Najarian: I'm wondering, a big incremental announcement on identifying another 15% of your branches that you will take offline. And I'm wondering if you could help quantify the cost savings that you expect to derive from those closures and the timing of when that starts impacting your run rate positively?
Terry Dolan: Yes, when we end up looking at the potential savings associated with those branches, it's kind of in that $150 million range, plus or minus. We do expect to see that that impact will really start to hit our run rate even in the first quarter. But again, just as a reminder, some of that will come through in terms of expense opportunity or benefit. And some of it's going to get reinvested in digital capabilities, which will also have an impact in terms of expenses.
Andy Cecere: And Erika, I want to reiterate a point I made in my prepared remarks, which is that, as you think about the additional 15%, the great majority around 75% or so of those branches already have been closed as a result of COVID during this period. So what they really are is resulting in a permanent closure. And again, all of this reflects changes in customer behaviors and activities. We saw an acceleration of digital transactions and sales. You saw the sales numbers on lending activity. And that only accelerated during the COVID period and that's the result is what we're doing. And again, about 75% of those have already been closed over the last few months.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you. And as a follow-up to that outside perhaps of those potential savings, you have been pretty good at calling out COVID-related expenses. I guess it was 49 this quarter, 79 last quarter. And as we think about your statement in terms of running expenses flat, shall we think about of those expenses dropping off in the 2021 run rate? Or are those expenses related to COVID all going to be reinvested elsewhere in 2021?
Terry Dolan: Well, its a little bit of both. So, when we think about 2021, we do expect that some of those COVID-related expenses will continue at least into the early part of the year, until the kind of return to work environment starts to settle in. And then, savings associated with that again, part of it will accrue to the bottom line, part of it will be a part of our reinvestment in our business as we think about going forward.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And just one more follow-up question, clearly a strong quarter. I think we continue to get pushed back from portfolio managers in terms of owning banks due to the interest rate outlook. And as we think about your outlook for the fourth quarter of NII flat to down slightly, are you confident that without any further changes in the rate outlook that we'll see the bottom net interest income in the fourth quarter? And anything from here, whether it's higher inflation better growth or yield-to-yield curve re-steeping it would be an opportunity?
Terry Dolan: Yes, I think it's a little hard to call exactly when net interest income kind of hits the trough. I mean part of it -- and there's just so many different puts and takes in terms of loan demand and where interest rates kind of go from here, what the impact of premium amortization is. Theres just a lot of puts and takes. So, I think it's a little bit early for us to say for example it's in 2020.
Erika Najarian: Got it, thank you.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Erika.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vivek Juneja with JP Morgan.
Vivek Juneja: Hi Andy, hi Terry.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Vivek.
Vivek Juneja: Good morning. So first I'm going to make just a request, especially since you're on the call Andy, since I know you this wouldn't happen without you. I know you guys just put out your list of earnings calls dates for 2021. Two of them overlap at exactly the same starting time as another major bank, so I'm hoping that you can give Jen and team the authorization to do something so that we all don't have to choose between which one to listen to, just trying to listen to two is never going to work. So, since it's one is in April and one's in October and its six and 12 months away, I'm hoping between the two banks you all can find the time, and I can follow-up with Jen as to which those two are. So thats just a
Andy Cecere: Okay. I know you [Indiscernible] yesterday.
Vivek Juneja: You know what, we keep trying. And I've been told by IR if I don't ask the question on the call I can't get the answers to my questions. So Terry, little bit of color your hotel exposure, can you give us some sense of the mix, type of hotels is urban versus small town, upscale, budget, any color on that? And also the percentage of credit size in your COVID-related exposures?
Terry Dolan: That's a perfect question for Mark.
Mark Runkel: Yes, I'll answer with the lodging exposure. I'd say we have a great diversification by geography and property type. So its a mix between urban and suburban, so we've got great distribution there. So we felt really good before that. And in terms of the credit size commitments for those impacted industries well have to follow-up and get you that offline.
Vivek Juneja: Okay, that's great. And then, Mark I'm going to follow-up on credit the comment that I think Terry made. NCOs to rise further but Andy you said consumer charge-offs to come more next year. Terry's comment was NCOs rise further in fourth quarter. Is that therefore still to come in commercial and which categories are you expecting that, any color on that?
Mark Runkel: Yes, I think as Andy noted the consumer side continues to be very strong and our delinquencies where they ended -- the end of the quarter we're in a really good spot. So we think that will continue to hold true through the remainder of this year. I think we're continuing to work through some of those impacted industries on the commercial and commercial real estate side, really in the commercial real estate side it's going to be more in the malls as well as our lodging exposure that we'll continue to work through the remainder of this year.
Andy Cecere: Part of that Vivek is Mark and team being very active in terms of reducing our exposure where we think the highest risk categories are. So we've talked about in the past, we try to be very proactive around this and managing our exposures down in a very early fashion.
Vivek Juneja: Okay, great. Thanks, Andy, Terry, Mark.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Vivek.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Winter with Wedbush Securities.
Peter Winter: Good morning. I'm just curious with the outlook for the unemployment rate to move higher. Would that suggests that there could be some additional reserve building in the fourth quarter?
Terry Dolan: No. Peter, no. That was something that has been a part of our outlook for when we were looking at the analysis in the second quarter. And so, we don't think that that would have any impact on CECL. In fact, at this particular point in time, based upon what we know, we wouldn't expect any additional reserve build.
Peter Winter: Okay. And then, Andy, I look at the capital ratios and the reserve levels, which are of course are very strong. If the Fed were to lift that restriction on share buybacks, and just keep it to the fourth quarter. Can you just talk about your view on buying back stock assuming no more Fed restrictions?
Andy Cecere: If we have capacity, we'll do that, Peter. We're all a bit large banks are going through the CCAR resubmission process right now. I think that'll inform a lot of us in terms of the Feds direction into 2021. So that's where we're looking at.
Peter Winter: Okay, thanks.
Andy Cecere: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Spahr with Wells Fargo Securities.
Christopher Spahr: Good morning. Hi, how are you? Good morning. So regarding the payments growth this past quarter, how much do you think that it's kind of green shoots? And how much of that was kind of temporary from the say from the stimulus? And what do you think is going to trend into the fourth quarter?
Terry Dolan: Yes, certainly when you think about the third quarter, I think the trajectory was helped, because of the stimulus program. And I think that's the reason why you saw such a strong kind of recovery from the second quarter. So clearly it's been impacted. When we think about the fourth quarter, I think the increase in sales levels will be more commensurate with what we have seen kind of pre-COVID, just in terms of the -- what I would call the excluding the airline, travel and entertainment. So on a year-over-year basis, clearly, it's still going to be down because of those at risk industries and the impact that consumer spend has had on that. But regarding kind of the core other spend level, it's recovered very nicely.
Christopher Spahr: Okay. And then as a follow-up, Andy, you've talked about your digital opportunities, whether it's merchant processing, and B2B. But your metrics that you gave are mostly consumer oriented. Can you give some additional color on what you think could be like -- how your commercial customers change their behavior? And what do you think are going to be the revenue and expense benefits say in 2021?
Andy Cecere: Yes, Christopher. So I think the consumer probably is a little bit ahead of the corporate commercial in terms of migration to digital activities. Part of it is because many of them are already there, and some of the new rails that are being built will impact that on a go forward basis. And that continues to remain a huge opportunity, probably more into 2021, as we think about the platform around merchant processing, business banking, treasury management and corporate payments, all coming together to serve our corporate, commercial and business customers. So that's probably a little bit more 2021 event, and we'll continue to report on that for you so we could report our progress.
Christopher Spahr: Thank you.
Andy Cecere: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Terry, just sort of a quick question on your thoughts on liquidity deployment. Everybody's sort of I guess struggling with this high class problem of excess deposits. Just curious about how you're thinking about willingness or appetite to deploy some of that, just given the challenging interest rate environment. So just very top level question.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Again, when you end up looking at kind of the investment alternatives that are out there, you hate to kind of lock in to low rates over a long period of time. That's as a result, I think you're going to see not only for us, but in the industry liquidity levels being fairly high and waiting for the longer end of the curve to kind of come up a bit. That said, in the investment portfolio, we'll look for opportunities to extend duration to some extent and to make some investments a little bit further out of the curve in order to be able to deploy it. We feel like, the liquidity levels that we have today are pretty good, taking into consideration the incremental $10 billion that will come in, which will keep pretty much on the short end.
Scott Siefers: Okay, perfect. Thank you. And then maybe on the other side of the balance sheet, you can see through the HA data and in all the numbers that are coming out. Everybody is kind of struggling with this evaporation of loan demand. Just curious at a high level, what signs you guys are looking to or what sort of mile markers there are as to when that would begin to reverse? So I guess the answer is it could be whether it's vaccine, election, more certainty who knows? But just curious, given how much of the country you guys see what you're thinking?
Terry Dolan: One of the greatest impacts in the third quarter was the bond issuance. So if you think about the decline in corporate commercial, about 40% of that was from companies take advantage of a low interest rate environment and issuing debt. And about 60% was related to companies just reducing their balance sheet because they're seeing strong earnings, they're seeing high productivity. So those two factors, the debt issuance will really be a function of the interest rate environment and the yield curve going forward. And I would expect that to moderate because there was so much activity in the third quarter.
Scott Siefers: Okay, perfect. Thank you guys, very much. I appreciate it.
Terry Dolan: You bet.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Smith with Autonomous.
Terry Dolan: Good morning, David.
David Smith: Good morning. First off, you said that you expected the non T&E card spend to have the growth recovery to around where it was pre-COVID. But just in terms of the mix there, are you still expecting a bigger mix in debit than was the case pre-COVID?
Andy Cecere: I'm sorry, the second part of your question was?
David Smith: In terms of the mix in the consumer card spend between debit and credit, are you still expecting the mix of debit versus credit to be more weighted towards debit in the near-term?
Terry Dolan: Yes, I do. I think that people, again, are being fairly cautious and so they are utilizing the debit card because they can more effectively manage their liquidity. So when they have cash balances in their savings account and as you know savings levels are fairly high still on the consumer side, I think they're using their debit card a little bit more than what they have in the past. And so throughout the entire timeframe debit card sales have actually strengthened during that time frame, compared to credit cards. So I do think the mix will continue to change a little bit.
David Smith: And then on the branch closures, it sounds like the gross savings there will be around $150 million, but are you expecting any one-time costs from stepping up the branch consolidation? And can you help us get any sense of the timing and magnitude we might expect there?
Terry Dolan: Yes. So in the third quarter, we did take a charge associated with the closure of the branches, that is included in other revenue, because it's principally related to asset impairments, offsetting that though were some equity investment gains that if you end up looking at those two things on a net basis, we're essentially neutral to the fee income and the bottom line.
David Smith: Great. So you're not expecting any major process going forward?
Terry Dolan: We don't expect any further.
David Smith: Great. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Jen Thompson: Hey, everyone, thank you for listening to our earnings call. And please call the Investor Relations department if you have any follow-up questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-15 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the U.S. Bancorps Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Andy Cecere, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Terry Dolan, Vice Chair and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately 12 p.m. Eastern through Wednesday, July 22 at 12 midnight Eastern. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jen Thompson, Director of Investor Relations and Economic Analysis for U.S. Bancorp.
Jen Thompson: Thank you, Matis and good morning everyone. With me today are Andy Cecere, our Chairman, President and CEO and Terry Dolan, our Chief Financial Officer. Also joining us on the call today are our Chief Risk Officer, Jodi Richard and our Chief Credit Officer, Mark Runkel. During their prepared remarks, Andy and Terry will be referencing a slide presentation. A copy of the slide presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at usbank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during todays call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of todays presentation in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Andy.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Jen and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining our call. Following our prepared remarks, Terry, Jodi, Mark and I will take any questions you have. I will begin on Slide 3. In the second quarter, we reported earnings per share of $0.41. Consistent with the industry, our performance is being impacted by the current economic environment. Loan growth reflected the impact of defensive draws by corporations in March and early April, strong mortgage loan growth, and the impact of the Paycheck Protection Program, which supported small businesses impacted by the COVID-19 situation. Increased liquidity in the financial system and a flight to quality drove strong deposit growth in the quarter. Our healthy fee income growth this quarter is a testament to our diversified business model. Some fee lines, including our payments businesses, were negatively impacted by slower economic activity. However, we saw very strong growth in our mortgage and commercial products businesses. And while consumer spend activity remains pressured compared with a year ago, volume trends in each of our payments businesses have improved as some economies have started to reopen. Expenses were held relatively flat compared with the first quarter. We continue to manage our cost structure prudently and in line with the slower revenue growth environment. Credit quality metrics in the second quarter reflected increased economic stress offset by the beneficial impact of governance stimulus and forbearance and deferral programs. During the quarter, we increased our allowance for loan losses in response to economic conditions. We believe our reserve level at June 30 is appropriate based on the information we have available. Changes in the allowance will be dependent on actual credit performance and changes in economic conditions. In the lower right quadrant of this slide, you can see that book value per share grew 2.8% compared with a year ago and we remain well capitalized. Slide 4 provides key performance metrics. We delivered a 7.1% return on tangible common equity in the second quarter impacted by lower earnings owing to the current economic environment. Slide 5 shows our continually improving digital uptake trends. Shelter-in-place orders early in the quarter and temporary branch closures due to the COVID-19 have increased an increase in digital adoptions. Digital now accounts for more than three quarters of all service transactions and about 46% of all loan sales. We expect digital adoption by customers to stick even after the economy fully reopens. Now, let me turn over to Terry who will provide more color on the quarter.
Terry Dolan: Thanks, Andy. If you turn to Slide 6, I will start with the balance sheet review followed by a discussion of second quarter earnings trends. Average loans grew 6.9% on a linked-quarter basis and increased 10.0% year-over-year. Growth includes $7.3 billion of loans made under the SBAs Paycheck Protection Program during the second quarter. The average loan size to these small businesses was approximately $73,000. Excluding the impact of PPP, average loans grew 5.4% on a linked quarter basis and 8.5% year-over-year. Excluding PPP, linked quarter growth was primarily driven by growth in commercial loans and in mortgage loans. In late first quarter, business customers drew down their lines to support business activity and future liquidity requirements. We started to see pay-downs of commercial loans in May and the paydown activity accelerated in June as many customers access the capital markets. As of last week, about two-thirds of the defensive draws we saw in the late first quarter and early second quarter have been repaid. Strong residential mortgage growth reflected the low interest rate environment. Credit card balances declined in the quarter due to lower spend activity. Turning to Slide 7, average deposits increased 11.2% on a linked quarter basis and grew 16.8% year-over-year. Average non-interest-bearing deposits increased 30.1% year-over-year driven by corporate and commercial banking, consumer and business banking, and wealth management and investment services. Turning to Slide 8, while the net charge-off ratio was relatively stable on a linked quarter basis, non-performing assets increased 24% sequentially, reflecting increased economic stress. The non-performing assets to loans plus other real estate owned ratio totaled 0.38% at June 30 compared with 0.30% at March 31. We have taken a proactive approach in evaluating credit quality across the entire commercial loan portfolio and considered risk rating changes in the evaluation of our allowance for credit losses. Our loan loss provision was $1.7 billion in the second quarter, inclusive of $437 million of net charge-offs and a reserve build of $1.3 billion. The increase in the reserve was related to changes in risk ratings and deterioration in economic conditions driven by the impact of COVID-19 on the U.S. global economies and our expectation that credit losses and non-performing assets will increase from current levels. The increase in the allowance for credit loss is considered our best estimate of the impact of slower economic growth and elevated unemployment partially offset by the benefits of government stimulus programs as of June 30. While estimates are based on many quantitative factors and qualitative judgments, our base case outlook assumes an unemployment rate of 13% to 14% for the second quarter, declining to 9.0% in the fourth quarter of 2020 and to 7.8% by the fourth quarter of 2021. Slide 9 highlights our key underwriting metrics and exposures to certain at-risk segments given the current environment. We have a strong relationship-based credit culture at U.S. Bank, supported by cash-flow-based lending that considers sensitivity to stress, proactive management, and portfolio diversification, which allows us to support growth throughout the economic cycle and produces consistent results. Slide 10 provides an earnings summary. In the second quarter of 2020, we reported $0.41 per share. These results were adversely affected by the current economic environment and the related impact to consumer and business spend and the expected increases in credit losses. Turning to Slide 11, net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis of $3.2 billion was essentially flat compared with the first quarter in line with our expectations as the impact of lower interest rates was partially offset by deposit and funding mix and loan growth. Also as expected, the net interest margin declined by 29 basis points compared with the first quarter. The lower margin reflected lower rates and a flatter yield curve as well as higher cash balance of being maintained for liquidity to accommodate customer demand. While loan mix put pressure on the net interest margin, the earning asset impact was mostly offset by beneficial shifts in deposit and funding mix. Slide 12 highlights trends in non-interest income. Strength in mortgage banking and commercial product revenue more than offset declines in the payment revenues. Mortgage banking revenue benefited from higher mortgage production and stronger gain-on-sale margins partially offset by the net impact of change in fair value of mortgage servicing rights and related hedging activity. Commercial product revenue reflected higher corporate bond issuance fees and trading revenue. Slide 13 provides information about our payment service businesses, including exposures to impacted industries. Payments revenues were pressured  was pressured by the impact of COVID-related shutdowns and reduced economic activity in the quarter. However, consumer sales trends improved throughout the quarter and that trajectory has continued in early July. Credit and debit card revenue declined 22.2% year-over-year and merchant processing services revenue declined 34.2% year-over-year, both categories performing somewhat better than what we had expected. Corporate payment products revenue declined 39.5% year-over-year in line with our expectations as business spending continues to reflect cautious sentiment. Slide 14  turning to Slide 14, non-interest expense was essentially flat on a linked quarter basis in line with our expectations. Second quarter expense reflected an increase in revenue related costs from mortgage and capital markets production and expense related to COVID-19 situation. During the quarter, we incurred incremental COVID-19 related costs of approximately $66 million. These expenses consisted of about $30 million related to increasing liabilities for potential future delivery claims related to the airline industry and other merchants and about $50 million related to premium pay for frontline workers and costs tied to providing a safe working environment for our employees. We expect these incremental COVID expenses to begin to dissipate in the second half of the year. Slide 15 highlights our capital position. At June 30, our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio calculated in accordance with transitional regulatory capital requirements related to the current expected credit loss methodology implementation was 9.0% at June 30. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio, reflecting the full implementation of the current expected credit loss accounting methodology was 8.7%. I will now provide some forward-looking guidance. For the third quarter of 2020, we expect fully taxable equivalent net interest income to be relatively flat compared to the second quarter. We expect mortgage revenue to continue to be strong on a year-over-year basis in the third quarter, but it is likely to decline compared with the second quarter reflecting slower refinancing activity for the industry. Payments revenue is likely to be adversely affected through the remainder of the year on a year-over-year basis due to reduced consumer and business spending activity. However, we expect continued gradual improvements in sales volumes. We expect non-interest expenses to be relatively stable compared to the second quarter. Future levels of reserve build will depend on a number of factors, including changes in the outlook for credit quality, reflecting both economic conditions and portfolio performance and any beneficial offset from government stimulus. We will continue to assess the allowance  the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses as credit conditions change. For the full year 2020, we expect our taxable equivalent tax rate to be approximately 15%. I will hand it back to Andy for closing remarks.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Terry. I will end my remarks on Slide 16, which highlights a few of the recent actions we have taken as a company to help support our customers, communities and employees. We are operating in uncertain times, not only for the economy, but for our society in general. However, I am confident that together we can make lasting and impactful changes that will leave us all better on the other side of each trying times. We are well positioned for near-term challenges and we continue to manage this company with the long-term lens and focus on maximizing shareholder value. Our capital and liquidity positions are strong and our unique business model remains a differentiator for us. I would highlight three things that will continue to support our ability to deliver industry leading returns through the cycle. First, as our second quarter results indicate, our diversified business mix reduces revenue and earnings volatility. And this quarter it allowed us to deliver good revenue growth even against the challenging interest rate backdrop and an industry-wide slowdown in consumer spending activity. Second, our time-tested credit underwriting discipline puts us in a strong position to navigate through an economic downturn, while setting us up to return to prudent and consistent growth in the more favorable economic environment. And third, our culture remains the foundation which informs not only what we do at U.S. Bank, but how we do it. I couldnt be more proud of our employees have come together to support our customers and communities and they faced significant economic and social disruption. I want to take this opportunity to thank them for all their hard work and resiliency. We will now open up the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys. Hey, thank you for taking the question. Lets say, I guess, Terry, a question for you just on, you gave the NII expectations for the third quarter, I wonder if you could talk a little bit about the sort of the puts and takes, meaning balance sheet growth and where you would see the margin trajecting from here?
Terry Dolan: Yes. From a loan perspective, again, we would expect that we will see year-over-year growth, but on a linked quarter basis, clearly, its going to be down. We are going to continue to see pay-downs associated with those defensive draws that we had at the end of the first quarter and early second quarter. So, that will put downward pressure on a linked quarter basis. PPP will actually, probably help from a growth standpoint as we think about second quarter, but it does start to dissipate in third quarter and fourth quarter simply because of the loan forgiveness program. So, on the consumer side, auto lending has generally been a little bit. It was weak in April and May, but its gotten stronger in June. So, we believe that, thats going to be a bright spot as we think about the third quarter, but overall consumer lending is likely to be down simply because consumer spending has been down, so thats kind of the puts and takes you think about loan growth. Margin, we believe is going to be relatively stable. It will be helped a little bit by PPP, but impacted a little bit, there will be a little bit of pressure on the yield curve side of the equation, but relatively stable to the second quarter.
Scott Siefers: Okay, perfect. Thank you. And then just given the absolute level of interest rates, do fee waivers start to become an issue for in the money market area, and if I recall correctly from the last time rates were this. I think those show up in trust fees if they are sort of something you guys are thinking about where would they show up and whats kind of the impact you guys would see?
Terry Dolan: Yes. I think the impact would be probably similar to what we saw last time given, but it will maybe a little bit more simple because of growth, but it will show up in trust and investment management fees, because thats where our money market fund revenue gets recognized.
Scott Siefers: Okay. Alright, perfect. Thank you guys very much.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning. Just to clarify on the net interest income outlook of stable quarter-to-quarter, does that include some of the kind of benefit from PPP repaying or forbearing and if so what are your assumptions on that in terms of the next couple of quarters?
Terry Dolan: Yes. So, it includes all the puts and takes. Like I said, it will reflect a decline on a linked-quarter basis in terms of commercial loans because of the draws, but there will be some benefit associated with PPP. So, it includes essentially all the puts and takes associated with net interest income.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. And then I am wondering on the PPP, it seems like your kind of approach was more granular or to go after kind of smaller really the small, small businesses if I just look at your total amount funded versus applications. And just wondering if you could talk to that approach and maybe give us some insight in terms of the cost that you have incurred to originate those loans?
Andy Cecere: Matt, this is Andy. We took the applications as they came in serving our customers initially, and then ultimately outside of the bank. As you saw, we had over 101,000 applications and the average balance was in the 70,000. So, a lot of our customers are small business and we helped a lot of employees. So, the team did a great job. We started with a bit of a manual process and went to a much more automated process certainly in the second round. So, it was just based on the request that came in and the priority was really time based.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. And then just the cost to originate, was it just kind of moving resources from one part of the bank to another or?
Andy Cecere: Yes, yes it was, Matt. We actually had individuals from throughout the entire company help us through this process, particularly the manual process that started and the technology as well, but yes the entire bank was supportive.
Matt O'Connor: Okay, thank you.
Andy Cecere: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Saul Martinez with UBS.
Saul Martinez: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Saul.
Saul Martinez: Hey, good morning. I wanted to drill down a little bit on your comments, Terry, on the payments business and sort of a gradual improvement there. I guess, first of all, could you just give us a little bit of a sense for the  how much the consumer recovered and then they seemed like in June the year-on-year declines in acquiring volumes and card volumes is really, really lessened, but can you just give us a sense of what say the exit rates were in terms of volumes in those categories in June versus March? And I guess as an adjunct to that, why wouldnt that suggest that at least sequentially you should see pretty sharp improvements in terms of the sequential growth in issuing and acquiring revenue versus release versus the second quarter. Obviously year-on-year is tough, but versus the second quarter, it would seem to suggest that you could see a nice improvement sequentially and I just wanted to get your sense as to whether I am thinking about that right?
Terry Dolan: Yes, Saul, I think you are right on. I think we end up looking at our payments business on a sequential basis. You know we will see growth, particularly in the credit card and the merchant, the corporate payments we would also expect growth, but maybe not at the same level, simply because the sales volumes there, our commercial spend, our commercial customers are still fairly cautious, but kind of give you some perspective at the end of  or in April, we saw on the merchant side of the equation, consumer spend was down almost between 50% and 55% kind of in that ballpark and today its really back to spend levels that are closer to about 20%. So that has come back really very nicely. The things that are going to continue to impact for a while is the mix associated with the airline industry and some of the entertainment, but it has come back very nice. Your point on sequential growth is right on. With respect to credit card, credit card we have said was down kind of in that 30% range in April. And that has come back nicely as well. In terms of credit card, it is still down. Its down around 10% to 12%. We would expect that trajectory to continue so  into the third quarter. Debit card revenue or sales, excuse me, actually have been pretty strong and the sales on the debit card side has been kind of up 10% to 12% kind of in that range. And while we wouldnt expect it to be maybe quite at that higher level in the third quarter is still I think going to be relatively strong. And then on the CPS side of the equation, CPS, again, the commercial spend has been pretty cautious. It was down kind of in the magnitude of 30% to 35% in that April sort of timeframe. And its still down around somewhere between 25% and 30%. We do expect it to get a little better than that in the third quarter for a couple of reasons, simply because government spend tends to be strongest in the third quarter. So hopefully, that gives you some insights or perspective.
Saul Martinez: Yes, thats super helpful. If I could squeeze another one in on the fees, the deposit service charge is obviously down a lot and you commented about fee waivers related to customer, related to COVID. I mean how do we think about that going forward and I dont know if you can quantify that or how do we or just give us a sense of how that I think $133 million, how that could compare to maybe a more normalized level in the coming quarters?
Terry Dolan: Yes, similar sort of impacts as consumer spend and just activity has declined and then you have the stimulus checks and all sorts of different types of things just incidence levels related to NSF and fee waivers in terms of helping our customers has impacted the second quarter. On a sequential basis, we would expect that will come back nicely in the third quarter, but on a year-over-year basis, its still going to be down simply because consumer activity is down similar to merchant or credit card.
Saul Martinez: So, it will take some time to get back to that sort of a more normalized or what was a more normalized level I guess?
Terry Dolan: Yes, thats right.
Saul Martinez: Alright, alright. Awesome. Thank you very much.
Terry Dolan: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Erika. 
Erika Najarian: My first question is on the reserve and this is a question that all your peers have been getting during this earnings season. So, I always like to think in the CECL world that your reserve to loan ratio of 2.54% represents a cumulative loss rate for the recession that represents, lets say, 2 years? And I guess the question here is that, is that your view? I guess, its another way of asking, are you done in terms of reserve building? And related to that, your peers have also talked about the base case, but that the base case tends to be one of, let's say, five or so different scenarios and those scenarios are weighted. And so I am wondering if you could give us some insight in terms of as you have had built your reserve, how much weight that base case was taken to account versus perhaps other scenarios?
Terry Dolan: Yes. So, let me take the first question. And when we think about the reserving, you are absolutely right, you make your estimates at the end of any particular quarter based upon the information that you have available at that particular point in time and not certainly at June 30. We believe that the reserve is appropriate for the cumulative losses that are there. So, we wouldnt expect future increases in the reserve, but again, that is going to be highly dependent upon what changes either in terms of economic factors or if our credit quality changes differently than what we had expected. So, the important thing is that we are going to continue to assess the reserve every quarter based upon the information that we have available to us, but you are right, theoretically that is how CECL works and thats how we are trying to apply it. Coming to your second question, the information that I ended up giving to you with respect to unemployment now, keep in mind, unemployment is an important factor, but there is like 200 different multiples that are part of the modeling process. So, its pretty complex, because you got a lot of different types of portfolios, etcetera. But unemployment, the information I gave you was really the weighted average across many different multiple scenarios that we ended up looking at. So, you are right, when we look at this, we look at information from many sources in terms of things like unemployment, GDP, etcetera, etcetera. We develop a base case if you will, but then we look at multiple scenarios around that base case and weighted. But the information that I gave you was weighted based upon those multiples. So, it should give you some comparability when you think about that. Andy, you have anything to add?
Andy Cecere: No, you have said it well.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And my second  my follow-up question is to Andy. So, Andy, I think what was particularly impressive about this quarter is your PPNR resiliency. And obviously, the forward look would imply that this will continue. And Terry just told us that we could be done in terms of reserve building. As we think about the future and as we think about a more difficult operating environment for banks, how are you thinking about inorganic growth strategies from here?
Andy Cecere: Well, Erika, first, as you mentioned, I think our diversified revenue mix helps a lot. This is a  this quarter probably represented it very well. We had some pressure on payments, because of the spend activity that Terry talked about. But mortgage and commercial products had  it hit it out of the park this quarter in terms of positive so. And then the other part of a diversification is how much of our revenue comes from the balance sheet or net interest income as well as fee revenue sort of a mix back, 50-50 there. So, that really helps in environments like this and different businesses do well in different economic cycles. As we think about the future, I think we are planning for a future that has continued lower rates. It will take a while for spend to get back to normal. So we are going to manage our expenses in that  with that thought in mind, which is what we are doing today. And we are going to continue to invest in the businesses that have opportunity as well as the digital initiatives I talked about. And those digital initiatives will offer not only the opportunity for our customers to connect with us in virtual means I think it will also offer expense opportunities in the long run. So, those are the ways we are thinking about it.
Erika Najarian: And just any thoughts on inorganic strategies acquisition?
Andy Cecere: Yes.
Erika Najarian: I think you say it more importantly?
Andy Cecere: Yes. Thanks for being one. So, we will look at opportunities have come up. The only thing I would say is in this environment, Erika, there is a lot of uncertainty and its certainly not a clear vision in terms of the future even for us. So, to look at someone else with that lens will be challenging, but I do think opportunities will come up because of the stresses that are out there and we will take a look.
Erika Najarian: Okay, thank you.
Andy Cecere: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities.
Andy Cecere: Hey. Mike.
Terry Dolan: Hey, Mike.
Mike Mayo: Hi. Just I want to challenge  look, you are one of the most conservative banks, but I want to challenge some of your conservatism So, on the  your base case, again, 9% unemployment by the end of this year, I know its a lot of scenarios and its weighted average and all that, but at least one of your peers was more conservative than that. And I know thats the Fed base case. So there is nothing crazy about it. Its just, I thought, why not be more conservative if you have the flexibility or when you take the weighted average or the different scenarios, I am pushing back a little bit more like this seems like peak reserve builds and you said that, but if your economic assumptions are wrong, then that wont be the case. So, why not be more conservative there? And along those lines, your payments comment that it should improve sequentially kind of makes sense. But look, we just had a big increase in COVID cases, which leads to more deaths, which leads to some closing down and how are you feeling about that progression?
Terry Dolan: Yes. So maybe to address the first question, when you end up establishing the reserve, you have to establish what you believe is appropriate based upon the information that you have available to us. And you know what we use things like Moodys Analytics and other sources in order to kind of come up with that projection of what unemployment as an example looks like. So, you have to make sure that that your reserve is appropriate based upon the information that you have. You cant build in tons of conservatism so to speak into it. But again, part of it is we will have kind of wait and see on the payment side of the equation in terms of COVID cases. Based upon our estimates, right now, I think that this go round versus last go around, I think that states are continuing to try to stay open to the best that they can. I think you have different sort of health treatments and all sorts of different things that exist based upon better information or different information than what existed before, but quite honestly, its we are going to find out. There is a lot of uncertainty and its too early to know.
Andy Cecere: Yes, and Id add on. Mike, I think you are right, things are changing every day and the facts change daily, weekly sometimes hourly. So, we are just going to continue to assess and manage the company given the changes that are out there. What Terry is telling you what he is seeing right now. And as he said, we get data everyday and we are going to continue to assess what we think is going to happen. We are running a lot of models. We are sharing with our board a lot of scenarios, including a much harsher scenario and understanding what would occur in that. So but you are right I mean there is a lot of unknown yet and we are being conservative in the way we are approaching our financial modeling.
Mike Mayo: And then one follow-up question look your third slide of substance at Slide A5, but the digital engagement trends, I mean you are certainly putting that front and center, can you bring us up to date like as of like to the moment of whats happening with your digital engagement and what does that mean in terms of branches and national expansion and anything else, because if you are putting this as your third slide in your earnings deck, its clearly  I know its always been important, but it seems like its  now its being put on steroids in terms of the way you are highlighting this, which must be in some bigger part of the strategy?
Terry Dolan: So, Mike, it has always been important, but I do think the recent events and the customer behavior changes, has even accelerated that further. And you can see that in the numbers, nearly 80% of transactions now occurring in a digital fashion. The branch activity as far as transactions is down a lot. In the sales side, I talked about the loan sales. But actually, total sales in the branches have doubled since you are, excuse me on a digital platform have doubled versus a year ago. And so we do expect those digital investments both do it yourself and do it together in other words co-browsing or virtual activity is going to continue to be important not just for the consumer, but across many business lines. So that investment that we are making is important on two fronts. Its important to make sure we are giving the customer the best experience in connecting with them in the ways they choose to and its also offering efficiencies in long run. As we talked about, we announced over a year ago that we expect to have 10% to 15% fewer branches. And I would expect that number to increase in terms of the number of fewer branches that we have, because of this changing customer behavior. Branches will still be important, but the number of them and the size of them will be fewer and less.
Mike Mayo: Any number on those branches, the updated number?
Terry Dolan: We dont have a number. Yes, we continue to assess and as we think about the changes that are occurring and the closures that are out there will continue to assess what we expect, but I do expect it to be higher than the 10% to 15%.
Mike Mayo: Okay, thank you.
Terry Dolan: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Long with Raymond James.
Terry Dolan: Good morning, David.
David Long: Good morning, everyone. Going back to the Paycheck Protection Program, we talked a little bit about the expectations for forgiveness there, but do you have a timeline on where you think your $7 plus billion in PPP loans may start to be forgiven?
Terry Dolan: Yes. Well, we do expect that there is going to be some forgiveness thats going to take place as early as the third quarter. So there is going to be some run-off of the balances just because of that. I think the vast majority of it happens late third fourth and early first quarter in terms of timing. Thats our expectation right now.
David Long: Got it, okay. And then on the deposit side obviously very good deposit growth there, how do you see the trajectory of that playing out taking into consideration the PPP and all liquidity thats built in now and how does that impact the size of the balance sheet through the rest of the year?
Terry Dolan: Yes. Our expectation is that deposit growth is going to continue to be strong at least through the end of the year, if not into early next year and its really high correlated to the amount of liquidity that the Fed is continuing to pump into the system. The impacts from a balance sheet perspective is I think certainly have a funding benefit associated with that. The challenges I was trying to identify, if you get the loan growth great, if you dont, you are going to have to look for opportunities on the investment side of the question so, but we do expect strong growth in deposits in the foreseeable future, because of the fed programs.
David Long: Got it. Thank you.
Terry Dolan: Thanks, David.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Hi, hey guys. Hey, good morning. Just one question on the expense side, obviously much stronger than expected revenues especially at a mortgage, but noting that you are talking about some of the COVID costs coming off and that even some of the like costs I would think incentive-related costs type of stuff like mortgage will be softer sequentially. You are still talking about flattish expenses sequentially. And can you  I was wondering if maybe you can kind of put that in context with some of the broader reaching comments you just made about the future of the expense base in terms of why you would only expect to see flat expenses sequentially? Thanks.
Terry Dolan: Yes. The areas that we are going to see growth or not, I mean, on a sequential basis, I do think you are going to see revenue related sort of expenses coming down that you will see COVID-related expenses coming down. There is still going to be a fairly significant amount of PPP and cost associated with all sorts of things that will end up happening in the third quarter. The other thing that I think that ends up coming into play is just timing with respect to, for example, other loan expenses when they end up getting recognized relative to the mortgage production that occurred. So, we recognized revenue in the quarter in which the application is taken unlocked, but lot of the expenses end up happening in the quarter thats following that simply because of the timing of closing loans and that sort of thing. So, thats a big driver that ends up impacting the sequential growth from second quarter to third quarter that you have to keep in mind?
Ken Usdin: Okay. And a follow-up on the money market fee waivers, you had mentioned earlier that you would expect them to be larger than last time, can you put that into numeric context for us, how much were you waiving either on an annual basis or at peak through the last cycle and how is the asset management complex differ in terms of mix today versus then? Thanks.
Terry Dolan: Yes. In terms of the mix of the product that we end up offering, I think there is probably a more government or govy based sort of money market as opposed to prime base. The prime base declined fairly significantly. But the overall  when you end up looking at assets under management, it certainly were at a higher level today than 10 years ago. Thats the reason. I think that the rate of the fee waivers will be pretty similar, but just the assets under management in the wealth management phase is higher. And I am trying to put my fingers on kind of what that looks like right now, but we certainly can kind of get back to you, Ken.
Ken Usdin: Okay, thanks a lot. I will follow-up.
Andy Cecere: Terry, I think fee waivers will  when they are implemented we will be somewhere in that $30 million a quarter range plus or minus.
Terry Dolan: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of the Vivek Juneja with JPMorgan.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Vivek.
Vivek Juneja: Hi, thanks. Thank you for taking the questions. Couple of ones. Firstly, on credit cards, can you give us the reserves to cards and also what are you seeing in terms of card customers, where deferrals are coming off? Have you started to see deferrals come off and whats the reaction been in terms of customers paying the full amount or asking to extend the deferrals?
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Vivek. I am going to ask Mark Runkel, our Chief Credit Officer to respond to that. Mark?
Mark Runkel: Yes. The reserve ratio on the credit card was 10.14% at the end of June. Thats question number one. The second in terms of those customers that have come off some of the programs that we have got in place we have seen very strong payment performance today. About 70% of those customers have started to make normal payments after those periods of time. We have seen a few of those about 20% reenroll and then the rest has moved into delinquency, so so far, so good on customer performance.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. Thats great. Terry, if I may sneak in one for you. Other income, I know it had a lot of noise this quarter, what would you suggest as a run-rate for us to use?
Terry Dolan: Yes. So if you kind of think about the  when I end up looking at the current run-rate just given the environment that we are in, Vivek, I would end up looking at second quarter is a pretty good estimate of what future quarters are going to look like at least for a while.
Vivek Juneja: Meaning at this $130 million that you had?
Terry Dolan: Yes, yes.
Vivek Juneja: Yes, okay. Yes. Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Gerard?
Gerard Cassidy: Hi. Andy. How are you? Hi, Terry. Andy, we have seen some real crosscurrents in economic information, for example, the Empire State Manufacturing Index came out today positive first time since February and industrial production coming a little better today as well. But on the other hand, the initial unemployment claims numbers remained very elevated. What are your customers when you talk to your customers and they understand the restaurants and the leisure guys are still feeling a lot of pain but can you give us some color on what are your commercial customers telling you? What are they seeing?
Andy Cecere: Yes. So first, you are absolutely right. There are some mixed signals. And I think the mixed signals is sort of the competing factors of distress in the economy from the shutdown offset by the stimulus thats occurring across many categories, unemployment benefits, the stimulus checks, PPP, all those things. And those are competing forces which makes modeling and projecting very difficult in this environment. I would say small businesses are struggling the most for a lot of different reasons, principally because they have less cushion than the larger companies. The larger companies as Terry mentioned, initially they were very defensive drawing down in excess of $22 billion, but about two-thirds of that is paid back. So while certain industries continue to be stressed, youre seeing under industries that are actually doing a little bit better in this environment, so small, challenged; middle and large, mixed; some doing well and some not so much. Terry, would you add a remark?
Terry Dolan: No, I think thats well said, I mean, I think its right.
Gerard Cassidy: And then as a follow-up, in the reserving, in the provisioning you guys did this quarter, I know you mentioned there is a lot of moving parts as you just touched on it, Andy. But how much would you say the provisioning was allocated to specific credits that youre now starting to see obviously distressed versus just building up the general reserves?
Andy Cecere: Yes, I mean I will have Mark kind of add to this. But certainly when we end up looking at net charge-offs and things like that there hasnt been a lot of movement, especially on the consumer side of the equation. We are starting to see non-performing assets on commercial starting to grow, as we talked about, but its still, what I would say, relatively early. I think the government stimulus programs and things like that have kind of at least for some period of time muted some of those underlying credit characteristics that you typically see. More of it or most of it is really driven based upon kind of our outlook when we think about the economic conditions going forward. And then at the end of, looking at kind of split between products, its probably more heavily weighted 60% plus of the reserve build really more focused on wholesale and commercial real estate as opposed to consumer at this particular point. Mark what would you add?
Mark Runkel: The only thing I might add is, you mentioned this in the early comments we have gone through the portfolio very granular and downgraded the credits appropriately. So we feel like all of that has been factored into the analysis. But the bulk of our change is really the economic assumptions as Terry noted.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Hey, Ken. Coming back to your question on fee waivers, the impact second to third quarter was a sequential basis of fee waivers. So we have about $30 million in that ballpark.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of David Smith with Autonomous.
David Smith: Good morning. Thank you for taking the call.
Andy Cecere: Good morning.
David Smith: Just to clarify on the expense guidance; 3Q stable to 2Q relatively, does that include the COVID expenses in 2Q?
Andy Cecere: Yes its total expenses, it is all inclusive. And again we will see benefit of COVID coming down, but some of those production-type costs that I talked about earlier going up.
David Smith: Thank you. And also, any, any particular color you could give on the jump in non-performing loans and commercial real estate?
Andy Cecere: Mark?
Mark Runkel: Yes, I would just say they are really focused in on a couple of different industries that we have highlighted. One is on the commercial side is really heavily energy and the retail sector. And then on the commercial real estate its going to be some of the retail related exposure as well. Its coming off a very low point as you note, but those are the industries that have been most impacted today.
David Smith: Alright, thank you so much.
Operator: At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to management for any closing remarks.
Jen Thompson: Thank you everyone for listening to our earnings call. Please contact the Investor Relations Department if you have any follow-up questions.
Operator: Thank you for participating in todays teleconference. You may now all disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-15 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorp's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Andy Cecere, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Terry Dolan, U.S. Bancorp's Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately 12 o'clock p.m. Eastern through Wednesday, April 22nd at 12 o'clock midnight Eastern Time. I will now turn the conference call over to Jen Thompson, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Jen Thompson: Thank you, Jenika, and good morning everyone. With me today, as usual, are Andy Cecere, our Chairman, President and CEO; and Terry Dolan, our Chief Financial Officer. Also joining us on the call today are our Chief Risk Officer, Jodi Richard; and our Chief Credit Officer, Mark Runkel. During their prepared remarks, Andy and Terry will be referencing a slide presentation. A copy of the slide presentation, as well as our earnings release, and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at usbank.com. I'd like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on page two of today's presentation in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I'll now turn the call over to Andy.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Jen, and good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining our call. After Terry and I finish our prepared remarks, Terry, Jodi, Mark and I will take any questions you have. I'll begin on slide 3. In the first quarter, we reported earnings per share of $0.72. Our performance this quarter was adversely impacted by the COVID-19 in the U.S. and global economies. The stay at home orders across the country, while necessary and temporary, are significantly restricting economic activity. Consumers and businesses are dealing with the fallout, which is affecting sentiment and business activity and resulting in financial distress for many. These dynamics are affecting the banking industry in a number of ways. And our first quarter results were reflective of these developing economic conditions. We saw strong loan growth and related deposit growth, particularly in the last few weeks of the quarter as we supported our customers liquidity needs. During this timeframe, the Company funded approximately $22 billion of loans for our customers while continuing to strengthen our cash position. Our fee businesses were affected to varying degrees. Our payments businesses were negatively impacted by a sharp decline in both consumer and commercial spend activity, in line with the drop in global economic activity in March. Demonstrating the importance of having a well-diversified business mix, mortgage revenue growth was strong this quarter as the declining interest rates allowed many more consumers to refinance their mortgage at more attractive terms. We also saw strong growth in our commercial products revenue, reflecting robust capital markets activity. Nonperforming assets started to turn higher in the first quarter, reflecting the increased economic stress. We increased our allowance for loan losses in response to the current economic conditions. And as you can see in the lower right quadrant of this slide, we remain well-capitalized. Book value per share grew 5% compared with a year ago. Slide 4 provides key performance metrics. We delivered a 12.6% return on tangible common equity in the first quarter, impacted by lower earnings due to the current economic environment. Slide 5 shows our continually improving digital uptake trends. The significant investments we've made in our digital capabilities over the last several years are helping our customers continue to do banking as social distancing has become more widespread. Because of our agile development activities, we've made a number of updates in recent weeks to digital tools and processes to help customers who choose to bank at home. We've added the ability to accept treasury checks via mobile check deposit, which will help customers more quickly and seamlessly get access to funds being distributed through the government stimulus efforts. Our teams work quickly to design and deploy a new digital forbearance tool. Within a week of this feature being launched, more than 50% of all customers requesting forbearance were doing so in a digital way. Digital is a core part of our strategy, and well continue to look for innovative ways to help our customers bank from home and to meet financial goals through this social distancing period and beyond. Now, I'll turn the call over to Terry to provide more color on the quarter. Terry?
Terry Dolan: Thanks, Andy. If you turn to slide 6, I'll start with the balance sheet review followed by a discussion of first quarter earnings trends. Average loans grew 0.9% on a linked quarter basis and increased 4.0% year-over-year. Linked quarter growth was primarily driven by growth in commercial loans and mortgage loans. Business customers drew down lines to support business activity, and toward the end of the quarter to support future liquidity requirements. Strong residential mortgage loan growth reflected the low interest rate environment. On a period-end basis, loans increased $22 billion or 7.5% linked quarter and 10.6% year-over-year. Turning to slide 7. Average deposits increased 1.8% on a linked quarter basis and grew 8.2% year-over-year. Average savings deposits increased 14.1% year-over-year, driven by growth in wealth management and investment services, corporate and commercial banking, and consumer and business banking. On a period-end basis, deposits increase $32.9 billion or 9.1% linked quarter and 14.1% year-over-year. Turning to slide 8. While the net charge-off ratio was relatively stable on both the linked quarter and year-over-year basis, nonperforming assets increased 14.1% sequentially, reflecting recent economic stress. We have taken a proactive approach to evaluating risk ratings across the entire commercial loan portfolio and considered the risk rating changes in the evaluation of our allowance for credit losses. Our credit loss provision was $993 million in the first quarter, reflective of $393 million of net charge-offs, and reserve build of $600 million. The increase in the reserve was related to changes in risk ratings and deterioration in economic conditions, driven by the impact of COVID-19 on the U.S. and global economies, and our expectation that credit losses on non-performing assets will increase from current levels. The increase in the allowance for credit losses as considered our best estimate of the impact of significantly slower economic growth and higher unemployment, partially offset by the benefits of government stimulus programs as of March 31st. Slide 9 highlights our key underwriting metrics and exposures to certain at-risk segments, given the current environment. We have a strong relationship-based credit culture in U.S. Bank, supported by cash flow based lending that considers sensitivity to stress, proactive management and portfolio diversification, which allows us to support growth through the economic cycle and produce consistent results. However, while actual credit quality results will depend on the duration of the COVID-19 situation, the impact of shelter and -- shelter-in-place orders on consumer and business activity, as well as the extent of the benefit of government stimulus programs, it is likely that changes in risk ratings and net charge-offs will continue to assess the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses as credit conditions change.  Slide 10 provides an earnings summary. In the first quarter of 2020, we reported $0.72 per share. Turning to slide 11. Net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis declined by 1.2% year-over-year, in line with our expectations as the impact of declining rates and a flatter yield curve was partially offset by deposit and funding mix, loan growth and one additional day. The net interest margin declined by 1 basis-point versus the fourth quarter. The lower margin reflected lower net -- lower interest rates and a flatter yield curve as well as approximately 5 basis points of drag due to intentionally higher cash balances being maintained for liquidity to accommodate customer demand. These factors were mostly offset by beneficial shifts in loan and deposit mix. We expect to see more pressure on our net interest margin in the second quarter, primarily due to the timing and extent of changes in interest rates late in the first quarter with significant build-up in liquidity to support the significant loan growth -- loan demand being experienced, changes in loan mix and the impact of floors on deposit pricing. Slide 12 highlights trends in non-interest income, which came in higher than we expected, primarily due to better than expected mortgage banking results and strong fixed income capital markets activities. Compared with the first quarter a year-ago, higher mortgage production and stronger gain on sale margins was partially offset by changes in the valuation of mortgage servicing rights net of hedging activity. Slide 13 provides information about our payments services businesss lines, including exposures to impacted industries. In the first quarter payment services revenue declined 6.9% on a year-over-year basis, reflecting lower corporate payment products revenue and lower merchant acquiring revenue, driven by significantly lower sales volume in March as shelter-in-place orders impacted many of our customers. Within the merchant acquiring business, sales volumes declined between 50% and 60% on a year-over-year basis in the second half of March compared with an increase in the mid to high single-digits in the first two months of the quarter. Within our corporate payments business, commercial sales volumes declined between 30% and 40% in late March, due to the worldwide impact of the economic slowdown on business spend activity. Government sales volumes declined between 15% to 20% in late March. The government business accounts for about 20% of the total corporate payments revenue. Commercial products revenue benefited from higher corporate bond fees and trading revenue, partly offset by credit valuation losses related to customer derivative portfolio. The valuation losses reflect hedging effectiveness, given the significant volatility in the markets during the first quarter and changes to credit risk ratings for customers. It is likely that mortgage production will continue to be relatively strong in the near-term, but may begin to slow later in the year, in line with the trend in refinancing activity. Payments revenue is likely to be adversely affected through the remainder of the year, reflecting significant declines in consumer and business spend activity. Trust and investment revenue will likely decline from first quarter levels, due to recent trends in the equity markets. Turning to slide 13. Non-interest expense increased 7.4% year-over-year, reflecting business investment including digital capabilities as well as higher revenue-related expenses of approximately $49 million related to mortgage production and capital markets activities. Additionally, we incurred incremental COVID-19-related costs of approximately $100 million, principally related to increasing liabilities for potential future delivery claims related to the airline industry and other merchants, but also including expenses related to premium paid for frontline workers and expenses tied to providing a safe working environment for our employees. Slide 14 highlights our capital position. At March 31st, our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio, reflecting the full implementation of the current expected credit loss accounting methodology was 8.6%. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio calculated in accordance with transitional regulatory capital requirements related to the current expected credit loss methodology implementation at March 31st was 9.0%. I'll hand it back to Andy for closing remarks.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Terry. The banking industry is operating in a challenging environment and we are not immune from the economic stress brought on by COVID-19 pandemic. However, I'm confident that we'll manage through this difficult period, just as we managed through difficult periods in the past. Our balance sheet is strong, our businesses are diverse and our culture has proven to be a differentiating factor over time, and perhaps especially during adverse situations. The interest rate environment is not ideal, but we view it as manageable. And we will continue to benefit from our strong core deposit base, our reputation as a flight to quality bank and our best-in-class debt rating on a global basis. And economic downturn will need higher credit costs for the entire industry, but we have a strong track record. And it's at times like this when portfolio diversity and disciplined and consistent underwriting really pay off. It's unclear at this point how the situation will develop or how long it will be until the economy opens up and when we'll start to rebound. However, our strong capital position and ample liquidity give us the ability to weather even a severe downturn. We've recently suspended our share buyback program to give us more flexibility. We are continually evaluating potential scenarios, and we believe that even if an economic downturn persisted through most of the year, we would be able to maintain our dividend at its current level. I believe we will emerge from this stronger on the other side. But in the meantime, we are intently focused on doing what we can for our customers, communities and employees as they deal with their unique situations. We stand ready with the necessary liquidity to support this significant loan demand we expect to see in the coming weeks as the government continues to roll up facilities to support businesses, such as the Small Business Administration, Paycheck Protection Program, and the Main Street Lending Program. We've made adjustments to certain consumer and small business lending products and services to make them more affordable and accessible to existing customers who may be experiencing financial stress. We also raised mobile check deposit limits for many customers using our mobile app. Recognizing the precarious situation many of our communities are in, we announced a number of initiatives including a $30 million new and redirected investments, $26 million of which are to local non-profit across the country to continue to support individuals and families with financial education, affordable housing and work assistance. We've taken a number of steps to support and protect our employees. Within a short period of time, we have transitioned 76% of our employees to be able to work from the safety of their home. We announced a premium pay program to provide office critical frontline employees a 20% hourly wage increase during these shelter-in-place conditions. We also expanded our flexible leave policies and we're keeping our employees safe with personal protection equipment at our customer facing sites. I want to end this call by saying thank you to our employees, those working from home and those on the frontlines. I'm proud of the way youve come together and the work you're doing to partner with and support all of our constituents in this very difficult time. We will now open up the call for Q&A.
Q - Erika Najarian: Thanks for your comments on the credit. And we're wondering, as we think about the Company-run DFAST results, so 4.5% cumulative losses over nine quarters. Could you talk about how you think this recession would look like relative to that stress, what's different for the better, for the positive, and what's worse for the negative? Clearly the unemployment rate is -- was capped at 10% in the DFAST results. And also with the reserve at 2.07, you told us before that CECL is very pro-cyclical. And from here, I'm wondering how much more reserve build we could potentially see?
Terry Dolan: So, let me try to address maybe the DFAST questions first. And, when we end up thinking about the allowance maybe at current state relative to losses that we're experiencing, we think that the coverage ratio associated with that is relatively strong. That is over kind of a nine-quarter period of time. We have a lot of capacity with respect to our pre-provision net revenue capability in terms of being able to produce that. So, we have the opportunity to be able to absorb a pretty substantial amount of losses if need to, especially when you kind of think about where our capital level is, where wed need to progress before it become problematic. So, when we think about the coverage ratio, 2.7%, when we think about the reserve from here on out, I think that things will continue to progress and evolve and change. How this recession I think is different and clearly the rapid development of the situation in terms of the healthcare crisis, the impacts obviously to people from an employment perspective and having to either work from home or being unemployed peaks pretty quickly. As we think about it and certainly as we were thinking about the reserving process, we took into consideration, tried to take into consideration the rapid increase that would take place and then the impact that it would have on unemployment over a more sustained period of time before it starts to come down. It's hard to judge, particularly right now because there's just a lot of moving parts. I think, the other thing that comes into play, which is kind of difficult to get your arms around is the whole stimulus package. I think, the governments put a lot of programs into place, both to stabilize the markets quickly as well as to be able to bridge customers and businesses between now and when they're able to get back to employment. And that's one of the things that will continue to play out over time. But, we do expect that the credit quality statistics related to nonperforming and delinquencies and things like that will continue to progress upward and we'll have to watch and manage it.
Erika Najarian: The second question is -- I know this is another impossible question. But, given what happened to payments related revenues, down 7% year-over-year, but clearly a tale of two different points in the quarter. What's -- how should we expect this to progress? Should we expect down double-digits through at least the second quarter? And what are increased liabilities driven by future delivery exposure related to merchant and airline processing?
Terry Dolan: Yes. So, one of the things we tried to do on slide 13 is to give you a good sense in terms of both the percentage of revenue that our payments businesses represent as a percentage of the total revenue of the Company as well as industries, the mix of the industries that are more severely impacted. So, let me kind of break it down. But, I do believe at a high level when we think about and how we're kind of stress testing the next several quarters, we do believe that second, third and possibly through the end of the fourth quarter that consumer spend and business spend is going to be at relatively low level. So, as we're modeling and we're thinking that, for example, merchant is going to continue to be down at 50% to 60% on a year-over-year basis that CPS is going to continue to be down in that 25% to 30% sort of range, and that RPS is probably going to continue to migrate downward, it's kind of in that 30% to 40% range today. But I do think that it starts to migrate closer to that 50% as well. And that's, as we are stress testing and thinking about the future quarters, that's how we're thinking about it. And it's a function of the mix of the businesses. So, if you think about the merchant acquiring business, we have a -- about 28% of revenue from that business is directly tied to travel and hospitality and another 27% is directly tied to retail. And both of those businesses are pretty significantly impacted, and the airlines as an example being 85% to 95% down depending upon the week. So, it's -- as we think about second, third and even into the fourth quarter, we're stressing it down quite a bit. 
Erika Najarian: The follow-up question on the...
Terry Dolan: Oh, yes. Future delivery, I'm sorry. Yes, future delivery. So, future delivery, if you think about the airline industry, we process transactions for the airline industry as well as some other merchants where customers are paying upfront for their tickets for a future travel or flight. And the merchant kind of stands in between -- the merchant acquirer stands in between the customer that is buying that ticket and the airline that will provide that future service to that customer. So, to the extent that that airline is unable to provide it, then the customer has the right to go back against a merchant acquirer. Now, what ends up happening over time is and what has been happening is that exposure gets -- starts to dissipate and it dissipates when the airline either refunds the customer or the customer decides not to fly the flight or the airline provides future credits to that particular customer. And so, that future delivery risk to us continues to dissipate over time. But, we wanted to make sure and we're required from an accounting standpoint to recognize the potential risk associated with that future delivery exposure and we'll continue to manage it.
Andy Cecere: And Erika, I'm just going to add a little bit to Terry's comments on the merchant card and corporate payments spend. So, if you think about the first quarter, three months, we really saw the stress in the last half of the last month. So, we sort of had a one-sixth impact on the quarter on those payments businesses. And what Terry is telling you is that what we saw in those last two months of March in merchant, in corporate and retail was a spend and particularly in merchant down in that 50% plus range. Now, no one knows exactly when that's going to come back. And what Terry -- as he indicated is we're stress testing it, understanding that thats the impact we wanted to provide you with detail. But when it comes back, its uncertain for sure. But that's the impact and the exposure we would have.
Erika Najarian: And just to clarify, thats spend not revenue?
Terry Dolan: Well, its spend, and revenue is pretty closely tied to the same sort of trends. And again, as Andy said, it really is a function of when do businesses relaunch, when the people get back to work and what is the duration of the situation. And that is really hard to get your arms around. But we're stress testing it, based upon what I talked about.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache of Nomura. 
Bill Carcache: Thank you. Good morning. First, Terry, I wanted to ask you a question following up on your response to Erika's question about expecting certain credit metrics like delinquencies to head higher from here. If we think about CECL in theory, it's supposed to capture lifetime losses. And so, shouldn't that upward trajectory in delinquencies and losses already be contemplated in your allowance at 3/31. [Ph] And so just, I guess, wondering if you could help us understand what it will take to drive incremental reserve building versus -- from here versus what's already baked into that allowance.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So, great question, Bill. And so, if you -- if we had perfect insight into exactly what was going to happen and we knew exactly how bad GDP and unemployment and everything else was going to get, the CECL process would take that into consideration. But, as you know, nobody has perfect insights. In fact, the expectations around unemployment and GDP and when people get back to work and all sorts of things are constantly changing. So, at any particular point in time, we have to make our best estimate of what that forecast looks like, knowing that it's likely to continue to progress based on how conditions change. So, if you end up -- when we go through that process, we end up looking at things like Moody's Analytics, and Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs, a whole variety of different. And even over the course of last seven days or so, those projections with respect to how the economy is going to change, and what the potential impacts might be, has been pretty significant. So, we're going to have to take all those things into consideration as part of that process. Then, of course, the models are never perfect. There is a lot of things that we have to take into consideration from a judgmental standpoint. Think about the impact of the stimulus package. It's really hard at this particular point in time to know exactly what the benefits are that are going to come into play, et cetera. So, there's just a lot of different factors that we have to try to consider. So, we believe that it's going to continue to evolve really over the next several quarters. And that's going to impact the reserve build over time.
Bill Carcache: That's super helpful, Terry. But, I guess, as we think about where you guys were in terms of like, the economic forecast that you were using through, let's say, the end of March, and the first quarter. And then, to the extent that new information became available in early April before earnings, that suggests that the rate of deterioration in unemployment and real GDP would be greater than what was thought at March 31st. Is that information that it was still I guess it existed at the balance sheet date, but you didn't find out about it until after? Would that be something that you contemplate in your 3/31 allowances, or is the 3/31 allowance literally just based on information through 3/31, or is there room for judgment there? Just trying to get a little bit of I guess sense of how that works?
Terry Dolan: Yes. Well, obviously, we do try to take into consideration what we know and apply judgment with respect to what we think the trends are going to be. But eventually, you have to kind of snap the chalk line and say this is what we're going to base our assessment on. And we really have to do that right around the end of the quarter. So, as things change, we'll have to take that into consideration. The other thing, in terms of the whole reserving process, just maybe to kind of put some context around it. So, there's obviously a lot of judgment that kind of comes into play and you have to kind of come up with what's your economic forecast is. But, as we think about it, and the reserve at the end of the first quarter, when we end up looking at the coverage ratios that we have in terms of charge-offs and in terms of the overall loan book et cetera, we feel like those coverage ratios are at least reasonable at this particular point in time. Also kind of keep in mind that on day one, we had to make certain judgments and assessments with respect to the amount of the CECL judgment at that particular point in time. And to kind of give you some insight, when we made that assessment of the economic forecast, a little over 50% of it we have shown, would either be a slower growth environment or moderate recessions, or a severe recession. So, there were lots of different views with respect to where the economy was going to go. So, we have taken some of that into consideration as part of our day one. And then, it's also very important to take into consideration where you're starting from? And if you think about our portfolio in terms of determining the allowance, our portfolios on a consumer side are principally prime or super prime sort of customers with very high FICO scores and good coverage in terms of loan-to-value ratios on the secured side of the equation. And our commercial book of business tends to be high investment grade where we stress cash flows, based on cash flow and ability to be able to withstand. So, we start from good credit underwriting, a good risk profile, strong coverage ratios, all those things are taken into consideration in terms of our estimate of the allowance.
Bill Carcache: That's very helpful. If I could squeeze one more in for Andy. Andy, you mentioned in the press release, you commented on how USB is going to emerge stronger on the other side of the pandemic and proving a reliable partner to your customers. In the I guess period, when we think about the great recession, there was -- you guys really used that as an opportunity to win relationships with new partners, in part because you were in a stronger position versus many other banks. As we think about where you guys stand today, do you see opportunities for USB to differentiate itself in this environment, or is it more difficult because the banks, I guess generally speaking, are coming into this downturn in a stronger position relative to the great recession?
Andy Cecere: I think generally speaking, all banks are in a good position right now, which is why we're all able to help our customers while protecting employees, which is exactly what we're focused on. One of the other things I said is, we have been stressing across all the dynamics, margin, fees, all the things we've talked about as well as credit losses. And importantly, based on what I know today, even if the economic downturn persisted through the most of the year, we still believe we can maintain the dividend, which is also an important factor for shareholders.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo of Wells Fargo.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is Chris on behalf of Mike. This is just related to the questions you had previously. How have you -- I mean, what is your view of the economy since the end of the third quarter, and how has that changed? Just again, I know you kind of addressed that to a degree, but we -- just a little more specifics on what you think the economy has done in the last few weeks, given what you saw at the end of March?
Terry Dolan: Yes. Again, I think, since the end of March, I think, there are a number of forecasts that have come out with respect to GDP declining dramatically, particularly in the second quarter. I think, there are other forecasts that try to take into consideration not only what I would call a V-shaped sort of recovery, but more a maybe U-shaped sort of recovery. So, the duration has changed a fair amount. And then, where unemployment either peaks or at least what level its sustained at over a period of time, I think whether you look at Moody's Analytics, you look at the reports that have come out from Goldman Sachs or JP Morgan since the end of the quarter, most of those have started to at least incorporate downside risk related to the environment.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then, on reserving, just a couple of questions on the reserves for unused commitments. And then also, can you relate your reserve levels today and a coverage ratio today versus what you might have seen during the financial crisis? Because it's much lower today, and even with all the adjustments you've made and builds you've made since the GFC. So, just how has your portfolio changed to give you so much more confidence today in the coverage ratio versus what you might have had, say 9 or 10 years ago?
Terry Dolan: Yes. So, I mean, I think that -- and I'll have maybe Mark pipe in here a little bit. But, if you think about how our portfolios have changed since 2008 or 2009, certainly if you end up looking at on the consumer side of the equation, I think across the industry, including ourselves, the underwriting standards are tighter than they were back then, certainly on the mortgage side, if you think about the mortgage product, it is underwritten to take into consideration a customer's ability to manage cash flows, even in different rate scenarios and rate environments, et cetera. On the commercial side of the equation, I think the exposure is related to leverage lending and some of those sorts of things is different. But Mark, could you kind of address that?
Mark Runkel: Yes. I would just say, in addition to what Terry has mentioned, like I said, on the retail side or the consumer side, the portfolio continues to be very strong. I think, we're better positioned at this point of the economic cycle than we were going into the last downturn, the quality of the portfolio in terms of the average borrower profile from a credit perspective is stronger, the loan to values are lower, especially in real estate portfolios. That would be true as well with our auto portfolio, both loan and lease is stronger today, as well as our credit card portfolio. So, we feel good. But, the quality of the portfolio as Terry said is very much prime, on the commercial side continues to be pretty much investment grade or equivalent. As you know, we capitalized during the last downturn to really what I would say -- move towards large corporate strategy and with that we've got higher quality borrowers today than we had going into the last downturn, which has provided some of the funding of that $22 billion and some of the draws that we talked about earlier. And then, the commercial real estate, we've been in that business a long time and that's really a relationship based. And I would say we've really gone upmarket and focused in on stronger sponsors today, compared to where we were at the last downturn. I think, from a credit quality perspective, the portfolio is very strong as we enter into this changing economic environment.
Terry Dolan: And Chris, maybe one of the last things on the commercial real estate side of the equation, for the last two years, we have really been tightening the underwriting and bringing down our exposure with respect to construction lending. I think, that's a pretty significant difference. And we have been doing that in contemplation that ultimately we have some form of a downturn. And we've been relatively conservative associated with that. If you end up looking at the peak, one of the questions you had is, really kind of in the last cycle kind of what sort of peaks did we see. Ultimately, I think, the reserve at that time ended up building to about 2.9% of loans and the charge-off rates ended up kind of increasing to about 2.4% kind of overall. So, there's -- that's why I say, I think we end up looking at charge-offs and some of these other statistics, they're going to continue to migrate. But, we have good, strong -- if you end up looking at the -- even the allowance today, and while I said I think that future quarters its going to continue to build, you look at the allowance today in terms of coverage ratios relative to net charges-offs, non-performing assets, et cetera. Our coverage ratios are very strong.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. Just a quick follow-up on that then. So, the slight decline in the allowance for commitments?
Terry Dolan: Yes. I think part of that is, what commitments have now funded. But, what we try to do is take into consideration from a reserving perspective what unfunded commitments exist out there and probabilities that they will become funded and then the loss rates that you have to apply to it. But, Mark, can you... 
Mark Runkel: Yes. I would just say that the unfunded commitments, we also look at the credit quality of those borrowers. And so, what remains is some of the stronger quality borrowers on the balance sheet as well.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Vivek Juneja of JP Morgan.
Vivek Juneja: Sorry. Multiple calls. A quick question. Just a question that I have to you is what -- and you may have already mentioned this, but multiple calls. So, pardon me. What reserves are you putting aside against credit card loans in your reserve build?
Terry Dolan: So, your question is, what are we reserving or taking into consideration with respect to credit cards themselves?
Vivek Juneja: Yes.
Terry Dolan: Mark, why dont you answer that?
Mark Runkel: Yes. Reserve rate was 8.83% at the end of Q1.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. Thanks. That's -- presuming you've already given some detail, which I have missed. Thanks. So, I'll follow up with IR about whether youve given any metrics on unemployment where you're expecting that to pan out next year, where do you expect it to settle out. Did you already give that?
Terry Dolan: Yes. We didn't talk about that. In the modeling process as of the end of March, we talked about the fact that this will continue to evolve and change as estimates change. But in the modeling process, we tried to take -- we considered a number of different forecasts, ultimately in the high single digits between 8% and 10%. And that is being sustained at a certain level for a period of time and ultimately dissipating as we get into 2021.
Vivek Juneja: And I noticed you took a little bit of reserve for the merchant processing library. Is that your best guesstimate as to what you have to take or do you think that if this continues for a while, there's more likely than the $100 million you took?
Terry Dolan: Yes. At this particular point in time, we feel like that's a pretty good estimate of what we think the exposure is. And again, it's a liability for what the exposure might be related to that future delivery. In this particular area, that exposure tends to dissipate again for a whole variety of different reasons, including airlines making refunds, them using their government stimulus programs in order to be able to do that, customers choosing not to fly the flights, or being given future credit by the airlines. So that will dissipate it quite a bit. And then, the other thing you guys have to kind of keep in mind is that for these airlines to relaunch, they need a merchant acquirer. And so, from a prioritization perspective, they want to make sure that their merchant acquirer is onboard and ready to go. So, they tend to prioritize the resolution of those future delivery exposures, to make sure that that merchant acquirer is helpful. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rahul Patil of Evercore ISI. 
Rahul Patil: Hi. This is Rahul Patil in on behalf of John. I just want to revisit the whole discussion around reserve level and cumulative loss. So, for your 2019 DFAST results, so you had $16.3 billion of losses per the Fed's projections over nine quarters and I believe it was $12.5 billion losses per your own model. Your reserve right now stands around $6.6 billion. I just want to get a sense for what portion of that accumulative losses are you assuming right now when you are sizing up the current reserve level and/or potential incremental reserve builds in coming quarters?
Terry Dolan: Yes. So, I think, you're trying to get at when we think about DFAST and how our reserve would kind of compare to DFAST results. And again, that $15 billion is pretty close to that estimate, both by the Fed as well as ourselves. And that is really what sort of losses you would experience over a nine-quarter period with pretty severe unemployment taking place and being sustained over a substantial amount of that time. Our allowance today represents just shy of 40% of that. And we certainly have the capacity both from a capital perspective as well as from a earnings perspective to be able to manage any losses that might be above that reserve level. We don't necessarily -- as we think about it necessarily come up with a percentage of losses relative to DFAST, but I think the coverage is pretty strong at this particular point in time. And again, it will progress as the quarters go on.
Rahul Patil: Got it. All right. And then, you said it's $5.7 billion of loans that you've modified. Is that mainly consumer loans or have you begun restructuring commercial loans as well?
Mark Runkel: That would be both portfolios. We've helped a number of customers. What I would say is, those are programs or modifications that we've drawn kind of in the past on a forward-looking view. On the consumer portfolio over the last few weeks, we have granted programs and extensions of about 181,000 customers, which is about 4.9% of on and off-balance sheet exposure. In addition, we've helped 3,400 business customers or about $2 billion of total of exposure as well. So, those would not be included in those restructured numbers that you're looking at.
Rahul Patil: And then, just one last question. So, I'm looking at your LCR disclosures as of yearend where it seems like you assumed around $18.6 billion of line draw-downs. That compares to the $22 billion that you cited today. So, just two-part question. So, what sort of stress scenario is baked into that LCR disclosure over a 30-day period, and how does that compare with the environment today? And then, secondly, was there some impact of the line draw-downs you saw in March due to window dressing by companies or do you expect another wave of draw-downs in coming weeks?
Terry Dolan: Sorry. The draw-downs were high in the third and fourth week of March and started to level out in early April. So, I think, we saw the peak already occurring. You broke up a little bit on your first question. What was the question around December 31st?
Rahul Patil: Yes. So basically, I was just looking at your LCR disclosures where it seems like you were assuming, $18 billion to $19 billion of draw-downs over a 30-day stress period. And I'm just wondering, like what sort of stress scenario were you assuming in your LCR disclosures and how does that compare with the scenario that you're seeing today?
Terry Dolan: Yes. So, there's actually two different tests, there's LCR and there's kind of a liquidity stress test. And with respect to liquidity stress tests, the coverage ratios which aren't disclosed are much higher than the LCR itself. So, under a stress scenario, we have the liquidity and the ability to be able to manage that very effectively. In terms of liquidity today, right now, we have about $40 billion of cash that we're maintaining that's kind of what we're targeting. And we have substantial kind of off-balance sheet liquidity, whether that is through a variety of different lines and sources. And then, within the investment portfolio, there is probably realistically about another $20 billion that we could draw down if we had to. So from a liquidity perspective, even under a pretty significant stress, we feel pretty comfortable.
Rahul Patil: Okay. Thank you.
Terry Dolan: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of John McDonald of Autonomous.
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Hi there. This is David Smith [ph] filling in for John. The figures you mentioned that you're modeling for payments, merchant down 50% to 60% for the next few quarters and big drops in CPS and RPS also. Were those stress cases or are those your base case for now that you're modeling?
Terry Dolan: Well, I think it's probably base case for purposes of the second quarter, so with near term. And when I talked about stress test, it's really trying to understand if the COVID situation continues on in the third and fourth quarter, what that would look like. So, I think near term, that's kind of what we would expect until businesses start to recover and consumers kind of get back to full employment, so to speak.
Jen Thompson: Operator, do we have any other callers on the line?
Operator: There are no further questioners in queue.
Jen Thompson: Okay, great. Thank you for listening to our call today. If you have any other questions, please contact Investor Relations. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-15 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorps fourth quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Following a review of the results by Andy Cecere, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Terry Dolan, U.S. Bancorps Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question and answer session. If youd like to ask a question, please press star, one on your touchtone phone, and press the pound key to withdraw. This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately 12:00 pm Eastern through Wednesday, January 22 at 12:00 midnight Eastern. I will now turn the conference over to Jen Thompson, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Jennifer Thompson: Thank you James, and good morning to everyone who has joined our call. Andy Cecere and Terry Dolan are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorps fourth quarter results and to answer your questions. Andy and Terry will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of the slide presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at usbank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during todays call are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of todays presentation, in our press release, and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. Ill now turn the call over to Andy.
Andy Cecere: Thanks Jen, and good morning everyone, and thank you for joining in our call. Following our prepared remarks, Terry and I will take your questions. Ill begin on Slide 3. We reported earnings per share of $0.90, which included $0.18 per share of notable items which Terry will discuss in more detail in a few moments. Excluding these notable items, we reported earnings per share of $1.08 for the quarter.  Loan growth was driven by new client wins and deepening relationships across all our loan portfolios, and we delivered very strong deposit growth. We continue to see strong account and volume growth across our fee businesses. Credit quality was stable and our book value per share increased 6.7% from a year ago.  In November, we received approval from the Fed Reserve for an incremental share repurchase plan authorizing the purchase of up to $2.5 million of common stock in addition to our existing authorization of $3 billion. In the fourth quarter, we returned $2.9 billion of our earnings to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. As indicated on Slide 4, digital uptake trends remain strong. We are significantly wrapping up the launch of our DIY digital experiences that will continue to drive more and more customer interactions both on and off the mobile app, as well as higher digital transaction volume.  Slide 5 provides key performance metrics. On a core basis, we delivered an 18.1% return on tangible common equity in the fourth quarter. For the full year, our core return on tangible common equity was 18.8%.  Now Ill turn it over to Terry to provide detail on the quarter as well as forward-looking guidance.
Terry Dolan: Thanks Andy. If you turn to Slide 6, Ill start with a balance sheet review followed by a discussion of fourth quarter earnings trends. Average loans grew 0.8% on a linked quarter basis and increased 3.9% year-over-year. Linked quarter growth was driven by strength in residential mortgages, commercial real estate, and credit card loans. The C&I pay down activity muted overall growth in the fourth quarter, primarily reflecting the rate environment and robust capital markets conditions. New commercial business activity is healthy; however, pay down activity is likely to continue to be a headwind near term, albeit a diminishing headwind assuming that the interest rate environment is stable. Turning to Slide 7, deposits increased 1.9% on a linked quarter basis and grew 6.6% year over year. Notably, average savings deposits grew by 11.1% driven by across-the-board growth in wealth management investment services, consumer banking, and commercial banking. Turning to Slide 8, credit quality was stable in the fourth quarter. On a dollar basis, non-performing assets declined approximately 15% on both a linked quarter and a year-over-year basis. The ratio of non-performing assets to loans plus other real estate owned also improved linked quarter and year-over-year. The new accounting standard related to credit losses, commonly known as CECL, became effective January 1 and has no impact on our 2019 results. We estimate that the adoption of CECL will result in a $1.5 billion cumulative effect adjustment to our allowance for loan losses compared with December 31, 2019, which is in line with our previous guidance. Slide 9 highlights fourth quarter earnings results. We reported earnings per share of $0.90, which included several notable items which reduced earnings by $0.18 per share. Excluding these notable items, we reported earnings of $1.08 per share. Slide 10 lists the notable items that affected earnings results for the fourth quarter of 2018 and 2019. Fourth quarter 2019 notable items included restructuring charges, including severance and certain asset impairments, and an increased derivative liability related to Visa shares previously sold by the company.  As a reminder, we recognized several notable items during the fourth quarter of 2018, including a gain on the sale of our ATM servicing business, the sale of the majority of the companys covered loans, as well as charges related to severance, asset impairments, and an accrual for certain legal matters. Along with the favorable impact of deferred tax assets and liabilities related to changes in estimates from tax reform, the net impact of notable items in 2018 was an increase of $0.03 per share. My remarks for the remainder of the call will be referencing results excluding notable items incurred in the fourth quarters of 2019 and 2018. Turning to Slide 11, net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis declined by 3% year-over-year, in line with our expectations as the impact of loan growth and higher yields on reinvestment of securities was more than offset by the impact of a flatter yield curve and deposit funding mix. Our net interest margin declined by 10 basis points versus the third quarter. About four basis points of the decline was due to higher premium amortization expense in the investment securities portfolio. The remainder of the pressure can be attributed to the yield curve compression and earning asset mix, partly offset by lower deposit costs. We expect the net interest margin to be stable in the first quarter compared with the fourth quarter.  Slide 12 highlights trends in non-interest income. On a year-over-year basis, we saw good growth in merchant acquiring revenue driven by account and volume improvement. As expected, credit and debit card revenue declined 1% year-over-year due to fewer processing days in the fourth quarter of 2019. We look for credit and debit card revenue to return to the mid-single digit growth pace in 2020. Corporate payment products revenue declined 3.1% driven by lower commercial business sales volumes; however, in the past few weeks, sales volume growth has returned to a mid-single digit growth rate. Trust and investment management growth reflected business growth and favorable market conditions. Deposit service targets were impacted by the sale of the companys ATM servicing business in the fourth quarter of 2018. The decline in treasury management fees from a year ago reflected the impact of changes in earned credits, a residual effect of the raising rate environment in 2018. Notably, treasury management fees increased on a linked quarter basis, reflective of the recent interest rate declines in the third and fourth quarters of 2019. Mortgage banking revenue increased 42.7% year-over-year on strong origination and sales revenue growth. Compared with the fourth quarter of 2018, mortgage production volume increased by 92.3% and mortgage application volume increased by 83.8%.  Refinancing activity represented approximately [indiscernible] in the fourth quarter of 2019 compared to about 40% in the linked quarter. Refinancings represent 52% of applications in the fourth quarter. As of November, our digital mortgage app was being utilized by about 86% of all mortgage applications. Turning to Slide 13, the 3.1% year-over-year increase in non-interest expense reflected increased personnel expense, higher technology and communication expense, and higher net occupancy and equipment expense, reflecting actions to support business growth.  Slide 14 highlights our capital position. At December 31, our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio estimated using the Basel 3 standardized approach was 9.1%.  I will now provide some forward-looking guidance. For the first quarter of 2020, we expect fully taxable equivalent net interest income to decline at a low single digit pace year-over-year, but to be relatively flat linked quarter normalized for day count. We expect mid-single digit growth in fee revenue year-over-year. We expect low single digit growth in non-interest expenses on a year-over-year basis. Credit quality in the first quarter is expected to remain stable compared to the fourth quarter, and we expect our taxable equivalent tax rate to be approximately 20% on a full year basis. Ill hand it back to Andy for closing comments.
Andy Cecere: Thanks Terry. We are operating in a dynamic environment and this quarters results reflected the challenging interest rate environment facing the entire industry, as well as the impact of actions we took to better position our company for the future. However, as our core financial metrics indicate, we ended the year on a solid note and we are in a strong position as we head into 2020. We view the interest rate environment as a manageable headwind and we are confident in our ability to prudently grow our balance sheet and gain market share in our fee businesses. Fee growth was negatively impacted by several headwinds in 2019. As Terry discussed, we expect a return to normalized growth in credit and debit card revenue this year. In a more stable interest rate environment, as the refi-driven market shifts to a purchase-driven market, the investments we have made in our mortgage business over the past several years will become increasingly evident in the form of market share gains. We are proud of our strong and consistent financial track record, but we are always looking for ways to improve. That means we are changing the way we think, the way we work, and the way we do business. As we move into 2020 and beyond, we will continue to increase workflow agility and speed to market for our products and services while at the same time optimizing our core operation to fund investment for the future. Our ability to leverage the combined power of our rapidly improving digital capabilities and our complete payment ecosystem will lead to higher customer satisfaction, stronger revenue growth and efficiencies, and ultimately improved returns. In summary, we remain focused on managing this company for the long term while delivering [indiscernible] pathway to the future. Id like to thank our employees for all we accomplished this year, supported by their hard work and commitment to creating value for our customers.  We will now open up the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John Pancari from Evercore. Go ahead, please, your line is open.
John Pancari: Morning. Just wanted to talk a little bit about the operating leverage expectation. I got your comments around the quarter, but for full year 2020, I know you had previously indicated that it could be a challenge to attain positive operating leverage for the full year, given the rate backdrop, etc. I wanted to get your updated thoughts on that, if you see that there is a chance that you can get--you could see positive operating leverage, and what type of magnitude could you see?
Terry Dolan: Yes John, thanks. As a reminder, we had a goal of achieving positive operating leverage in 2019, and we did that on a core basis for the full year. When we think about 2020, our objective is to target positive operating leverage and we expect our expense growth to continue to remain in those low single digits. I think we have a number of levers that we continue to look at and pull in terms of optimization. We continue with our physical asset optimization of the branch system, our back office activities, and a number of different things. Thats our goal, thats our objective at this point in time. That said, as you said in your question, 2020 is a more difficult year simply because of the revenue outlook, and I think part of being able to achieve it is going to be really based upon what happens with respect to interest rates, etc. Thats how were thinking about it.
John Pancari: Okay, great. Thanks. Then in terms of some of the headwinds that had impacted your fee progression, I know there was an accounting change that impacted it as well as a couple other items. Can you just talk about where do you expect underlying momentum to build in the fee businesses as you look at 2020?
Terry Dolan: Yes, when we end up looking at fee income, I think theres a number of different things that we end up looking at. I think the credit card revenue is stronger - again, mid-single digits as we think about next year, and that particular line item was impacted by both an accounting item in 2018 as well as a pretty slow first quarter, which we had talked about. I think merchant acquiring continues to accelerate and get strong, and we expect mid-single digits there; and then the CPS revenue, while we saw a decline in the fourth quarter because of a little slower commercial spending, that has come back in the first several weeks of the year, so our expectation in that category is kind of mid-single digits as well. Deposit services charges has been a drag this year because of the sale of the ATM business in 2018, so that kind of normalizes or is at least flat in 2020. I think treasury management revenue is another area that we would expect has kind of hit an inflection point, so while its down on a year-over-year basis, it is up on a linked quarter basis and we would expect that to be better than 2020. I think theres a number of different things. I think the offset to that is if we think about mortgage, when we talk about mortgage, mortgage has been particularly strong the last couple of quarters, but in 2019 it was also quite a bit of a drag in the first several quarters. So again, depending on what happens with interest rates, in the current environment I think that continues to be a positive story. I think theres a number of different areas.
John Pancari: Okay Terry, thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian from Bank of America. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Erika Najarian: Yes, good morning. 
Terry Dolan: Hey Erika, how are you doing this morning?
Erika Najarian: Good, thank you. I heard you loud and clear on your expense growth, and Im wondering though if the increased severance charges that weve seen could lead to a different geography in terms of expense growth. Im just looking back at your headcount, which seems to have risen along - coincident with the consent order, and Im wondering if part of the initial statement up front, Andy, in terms of continuing to transform the business is trying to take some of the compensation growth that you experienced over the last three years and really putting that back in technology. Is that how we should expect the geography could change underneath that low single digit expense growth that youre expecting for 2020?
Andy Cecere: I think thats not an unfair description, Erika. Its not just technology but its people and technology, but its optimizing the way were doing business to continue to invest in the future. Our expense growth was higher during the consent order periods, but as you know, its been in the low single digits the last couple of years, including notable items - 2.4% year-over-year in 2019, and that includes optimization and expense take-out while at the same time investing in technology and people for the future, and I would expect that to continue into 2020.
Erika Najarian: I guess Im wondering if our takeaway from that is because that seems like its behind you, and again it feels like the severance charges are setting up for further optimization and rationalization, that youre accelerating the amount of dollars that youre putting into the future, so to speak, whether its headcount related to that or technology itself.
Terry Dolan: Yes, I think that thats a fair comment, Erika, and again I think the shift is optimizing what I would call the back office and the branch network, which are being impacted by customer behaviors as we transition to more of a digital environment, but at the same time were reinvesting that in technology spend to support that digital transformation, so maybe a little bit of a shift from compensation to technology type of costs. But our expectation when we think about 2020 is to continue to make the investments in the business that we have been making over the last couple of years.
Erika Najarian: Thank you. Just one more, if I could squeeze it in. Deposit costs were down15 basis points quarter over quarter, and Im wondering underneath the 1Q NII outlook what you expect for deposit cost trends for the first quarter, and also if the curve outlook continues to be stable from here, could net interest margin for the rest of the year stabilize or potentially increase from 1Q levels?
Terry Dolan: Yes, well certainly if the rate environment continues where it is today, our expectation is that 2020 net interest margin would be pretty flat to the fourth quarter with some possible positive bias depending upon what happens on the long end of the curve. Thats kind of our thought process, and the reason for that is the premium amortization that weve experienced in the third and fourth quarter is stabilizing at this particular point in time. When we think about deposit costs, deposit pricing, we have been pretty responsive on the institutional deposits in terms of bringing those, re-pricing those down as rates have come down, and I think from here on out, deposit pricing will be a function of both competition and what happens on the short end of the curve.
Erika Najarian: Got it, thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers from Piper Sandler. Go ahead, please, your line is open.
Scott Siefers: Morning guys. Thank you for taking the question. Just curious if you might be able to offer any top level comments on the overall pace of loan growth and overall demand. If you look at the H8 data, its definitely been held up or supported by the consumer side, but its been a little surprising to see the slowdown in growth on the commercial side, however. Im just curious given the breadth of your franchise and different types of customers you look at, what youre seeing at a very top level.
Terry Dolan: Yes, at a very high level, again I think economically we feel pretty optimistic in terms of what the outlook there is. If you end up looking at the components of loan growth, I think we saw pretty strong and good growth with respect to consumer lending. The area that was a little bit softer in the fourth quarter was really our C&I or our corporate lending, and thats principally while we saw production and the pipeline continuing to be reasonably strong, we saw pretty significant pay downs that were taking place in that space driven by capital markets activities, and thats a function of the long end of the curve coming down in the third and fourth quarter. With that stabilizing, while we would expect some of the pay downs to continue into the first quarter, I think that will moderate.
Scott Siefers: Okay, perfect. Thank you. Then just any additional updates on ramification from the LCR rules? I think you guys have been talking about $11 billion to $15 billion of liquidity free-up. Any updated thoughts on how youre thinking about that dynamic?
Terry Dolan: Yes, thats in the ballpark in terms of the amount of--what the impact is with respect to LCR. Were continuing to look at different alternatives, and part of it is thinking about extending duration a little bit, possibly investing a little bit more in agency mortgage-backed securities, which would provide a little bit better yield. But I think it will be on the margin and it wont be anything dramatic.
Scott Siefers: All right, thats perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue at this time. Id like to turn the call back over to Jennifer Thompson for closing remarks.  Oh, it looks like we did get one question. We do have a question from the line of Vivek Juneja from JP Morgan Chase. Go ahead, please, your line is open.
Vivek Juneja: Thank you. Hi Andy, hi Terry. Just wanted to clarify on credit-debit card fees, what was the impact from two for your processing base? How should--what does that do, and is there a reversal in 2020?
Terry Dolan: Yes, good question. There was an impact of two days that ended up really taking our fee income from low to middle single digits to negative 1% in the fourth quarter. There is one extra day in 2020 relative to 2019, but let me just dissect it a little bit because I think that that is maybe helpful. When you end up looking at the growth rate for 2019, it was really impacted by three different things. One is that there was an accounting change that occurred in the first quarter of 2018 that, because of the lapping effect, ended up depressing growth rates in 2019. In addition, if you remember the consumer spend level in the first quarter was significantly lower and was kind of at an unusually low level, and of course as concerns around the economy stabilized, that consumer spend has come up. That has been in the mid single digits in the second, third and fourth quarter in terms of sales volumes. Then as you know, getting back to the processing days, quarterly results can be lumpy, but when we think about 2020 in terms of on a full year basis, we really think that mid-single digits is a good target for us and a good estimate for us. Our sales volumes over the last several quarters have been in that range, and when you think about it on a day-adjusted basis, its been pretty consistent from quarter to quarter. So in 2020, there is one more day and that will help a little bit, but mid-single digits for 2020, I think is a good estimate. Again, quarterly results will be a little bit lumpy, but when we think about the year, thats kind of how were thinking about it.
Vivek Juneja: When I look back over the prior couple of years, youd had--you know, this line item was growing at sort of more like 9% to 9.5% when you look at 17 to 18. Going to the mid-single digits, has there been any reduction in pricing, a shift in the kind of contracts, or is this higher reward expense? What, Terry, is driving that slowdown from that high single digit level to the mid-single digit run rate?
Terry Dolan: Yes, the growth rates in 2017 - 2018 were influenced in some respect because of some portfolios that we were acquiring during that particular time frame, more so than other factors, so when we think about pricing, there hasnt been a lot of compression with respect to pricing. We feel pretty good about that.
Andy Cecere: And rewards have been relatively flat, so actually that isnt a factor. That mid-single digit number is a good way to think about the next 12 months.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. As you think in terms of other fee revenues, Andy and Terry, you said treasury management should be good. Corporate card fees, when I look at that, that was also a little bit softer this quarter. Its actually down year-on-year. Any color on that, because I know the--yes, Ill just let you answer that.
Andy Cecere: Yes Vivek, the impact of that is because we saw in the last half of the fourth quarter, corporate spend activity slowed. That had been running in the mid-single digits, a little bit higher in the first few quarters. Fourth quarter saw a slowdown to almost flat, and as Terry mentioned in his prepared remarks, we did see a pick-up in the first two weeks of January back to the mid-single digits. So that was attributable to that slowdown, but it seems to have come back.
Terry Dolan: I think that one of the reasons for that is if you think about where the yield curve--how rates were moving, there was concern about a recession, people were uncertain with respect to economic data, and then you had the hangover of tariffs. I think the sentiment on the corporate side appears to be looking better. Were going to be signing trade agreement with China today, I believe, in terms of phase one, and the US-Mexico-Canada agreement is well on its way, so I think that some of that uncertainty that might have been impacting discretionary spend in the commercial side of the equation has been alleviated, so we feel pretty good.
Vivek Juneja: I want to confirm one last thing - CECL Day 2, could you talk a little bit about what you see that doing to your provision expense, Andy, Terry?
Terry Dolan: Yes, weve talked about certainly Day 1 and Day 2 as part of investor day. The provision will increase. We think that in terms of loan growth, providing its kind of that 2% level versus 1.5%, is kind of how were thinking about it, but theres going to be more volatility related to CECL and I think one of the things well end up looking at is just what is the stability in the overall portfolio and what are net charge-offs doing on a quarter to quarter basis. 
Vivek Juneja: All right, thank you.
Operator: We do have another question from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Go ahead, please, your line is open.
Amanda Larsen: HI everyone, this is Amanda Larsen on for Ken. 
Terry Dolan: Yes Amanda, how are you doing?
Amanda Larsen: Great, thanks. I think its understood that 2020 will likely be an aberration versus the long term trends that you set out at investor day related to revenue growth headwinds, but that youll still strive to achieve positive operating leverage in 20. But Im wondering, how negative could negative operating leverage be in 20 before you do take actions related to slowing the pace of investment spend or creating more saves?
Andy Cecere: As Terry mentioned again earlier, we expect and target positive operating leverage for 2020. We have a number of levers that we continue to pull to optimize the current organization structure to continue to invest in the future. Amanda, the way we think about is a balance of optimizing today and investing in the future while always targeting that positive operating leverage, and thats how were managing the company. 
Amanda Larsen: Okay, great. Then, can you guys talk about the capability add of Sage Pay and how you see U.S. Banks position evolving in the ecommerce payment arena over the medium term? Thanks.
Terry Dolan: Yes, were very excited about Sage Pay. It is a leader in the ecommerce space within the U.K. and Ireland, and we also have the opportunity to be able to extend that into the rest of Europe. We have a pretty big footprint across Europe, so pretty excited about that as we think about next year. We ended up rolling out sort of similar ecommerce capabilities over the course of the last 12 to 18 months here domestically, so we believe that that gives us more capabilities in terms of being able to take advantage of ecommerce in the future.
Amanda Larsen: Awesome, thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John McDonald with Autonomous. Go ahead, please, your line is open.
John McDonald: Hey guys. Sorry, I jumped on a little bit late. Did you give an update on the Charlotte expansion, Andy, and how thats going and whether youre targeting new areas for this year to expand on the retail side?
Andy Cecere: Good morning, John. Charlotte is going well. We opened the branch about three months ago. Weve had new customer acquisition growth and current customers. Employees are fired up. We are targeting a number of new branches to be opening up this year and still targeting that number of 10. Were learning a lot from that investment. We continue to track that and measure our activity and I would expect us to continue to expand in new markets, but our first focus is expanding to our target number in Charlotte.
John McDonald: Got you, okay. Then Terry, just a couple clean-up things on NII. I think you mentioned the amortization kind of stabilizes early this year - is that right? Then the roll-off rates, where the 10-year is today, are those breakeven or slightly accretive, and where youre putting money to work in the bond portfolio today relative to whats rolling off? 
Terry Dolan: Yes, so addressing your second question first, the reinvestment with respect to securities is still about 15 basis points or so accretive, so we would expect that based upon where rates are today. The premium amortization does stabilize in the first quarter, so when we think about net interest margin for the year, we think its going to be relatively flat, maybe a little bit of positive bias relative to the fourth quarter of 2019.
John McDonald: Okay, so the down NII for the year is just the tough comps of where you started last year? I guess from a sequential standpoint, though, sales relatively stable?
Terry Dolan: Yes.
John McDonald: Okay, thank you.
Operator: With that, there are no further questions in queue. Id like to turn the call back over to Jennifer Thompson for closing remarks.
Jennifer Thompson: Thank you everyone for listening to our earnings call. Please contact the Investor Relations department if you have any follow-up questions.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-16 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorps Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Andy Cecere, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Terry Dolan, U.S. Bancorps Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately 12:30 PM Eastern through Wednesday, October 23rd at 12 Midnight Eastern Standard Time. I will now turn the conference over to Jen Thompson, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp. You may begin.
Jen Thompson: Thank you, Polly and good morning to everyone who has joined our call. Andy Cecere and Terry Dolan are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorps third quarter results and to answer your questions. Andy and Terry will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of the slide presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at usbank.com. Id like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of todays presentation, in our press release, and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. Ill now turn the call over to Andy.
Andy Cecere: Thanks Jen. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining our call. Following our prepared remarks, Terry and I will take your questions. I'll begin on Slide 3. In the third quarter, we earned $1.15 per share. Despite a more challenging interest rate environment, we reported record levels of revenue and net income, driven by healthy loan and deposit growth and continued momentum across our key businesses. Credit quality remained stable. Turning to capital management, our book value per share increased 10.6% from a year ago and during the quarter, we returned 80% of our earnings to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. Slide 4 provides key performance metrics. In the third quarter, we delivered a return on average common equity of 15.3% and a return on average assets of 1.57%. Our return on tangible common equity was 19.4%. Positive operating leverage drove improvement in our efficiency ratio on both a linked-quarter and a year-over-year basis. Now, I'll turn the call over to Terry, who will provide more detail on the quarter as well as forward-looking guidance.
Terry Dolan: Thanks Andy. If you turn to Slide 5, I'll start with the balance sheet review followed by a discussion of third quarter earnings trends. As expected, average loans grew 1.1% on a linked-quarter basis and increased 4.7% year-over-year excluding the fourth quarter 2018 sale of FDIC-covered loans that had reached the end of the loss coverage period. Strong residential mortgage and credit card loan growth supported both linked-quarter and year-over-year performance. Commercial and industrial loans grew 0.4% sequentially and 4.7% on a year-over-year basis. Paydown activity picked up in the third quarter, primarily reflecting the rate environment and robust capital market conditions. New business activity remains healthy, although paydown activity is likely to continue at elevated levels near term. Commercial Real Estate loans decreased on a sequential and a year-over-year basis. This quarter, Commercial Real Estate contributed a 33-basis-point drag to linked-quarter average loan growth and an 89-basis-point drag to year-over-year average loan growth. Turning to slide 6, deposits increased 1.4% on a linked-quarter basis and grew 6.0% year-over-year. Compared with the prior period, we continued to see migration from non-interest-bearing to interest-bearing accounts. That migration along with deposit growth momentum in both our Wealth Management and Corporate and Commercial Banking divisions, helped drive average savings deposits up 8.4% year-over-year. As you can see on slide 7, credit quality remained stable. On dollar basis, non-performing assets increased 2.7% versus the second quarter, but decreased by 2.5% compared with a year ago. The ratio of non-performing assets to loans plus other real estate owned was stable at 33 basis points compared with the second quarter and modestly improved versus 36 basis points a year-ago. Slide 8 highlights third quarter earnings results. We reported earnings per share of $1.15 compared with $1.06 a year ago. Turning to slide 9, net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis declined by 0.5% compared with the second quarter and increased by 0.8% year-over-year, which is in line with our expectations. Both linked quarter and year-over-year comparisons benefited from healthy loan growth, offset by the impact of declining rates and a flatter yield curve. Our net interest margin declined by 11 basis points versus the second quarter, in line with our expectations. About 4 basis points of the decline was due to higher cash balances, primarily reflecting changes in policies related to deposits by the European Central Bank. Slide 10 highlights trends in non-interest income. Middle-single-digit year-over-year growth in each of the three payment fee lines, credit and debit card, corporate payments products, and merchant processing was driven by higher sales volumes. As a reminder, processing day account will end up affecting year-over-year credit and debit card revenue growth comparisons in several quarters in 2019. In the third quarter, three additional processing days versus a year ago benefited revenue growth. In the fourth quarter, two fewer days will be a drag on year-over-year growth. We continue to expect low-single-digit growth of credit and debit card fee revenue for the full year. Commercial product revenue increased 11.1% from a year ago, primarily due to higher corporate bond fees and trading revenue related to strong capital markets activity. Mortgage banking revenue increased 56.3% year-over-year on strong origination and sales revenue growth. Compared with the third quarter of 2018, mortgage production volume increased by 40.3%, and mortgage application volume increased by 53.1%. Refinancing activity represented about 40% of production in the third quarter of 2019 compared to about 30% in the linked-quarter. Refinancing represented 51% of applications in the third quarter. The year-over-year decline in deposit service charges reflected the impact of the sale of our third-party ATM servicing business in the fourth quarter of 2018. The increase in other revenue was partly driven by the inclusion of the related transition services revenue, which will decrease over time, as well as higher equity investment income and a gain on sale of assets. Turning to slide 11, the year-over-year increase in non-interest expense reflected higher personnel cost, partly due to higher variable compensation related to business production within mortgage banking and the capital markets business lines as well as increased medical costs. Professional services expense increased primarily due to business investments and enhancement in risk management programs, while higher technology expense growth was primarily tied to business growth initiatives. A decrease in other expense primarily reflected lower costs related to tax-advantaged projects and lower FDIC assessment cost. Slide 12 highlights our capital position. At September 30, our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio estimated using the Basel III standardized approach was 9.6%, and this compares to our target of 8.5%. As previously discussed, our goal has been to manage the capital level closer to our target once we had clarity related to adopting CECL and the final capital rules were promulgated by the Federal Reserve. With the recent release of the final rules, we plan to make a request to the Federal Reserve to increase our share repurchase program to enable us to begin reducing our common equity Tier 1 ratio from 9.0 -- 9.6% to approximately 9.0%. I'll now provide some forward looking guidance. For the fourth quarter, we expect fully taxable equivalent net interest income to decline in the low-single digits on a year-over-year basis. We expect middle  mid-single-digit fee income growth on a core basis year-over-year. We expect to deliver positive operating leverage for the full year 2019 on a core basis in line with our previous guidance. We continue to expect our taxable equivalent tax rate to be approximately 20% on a full year basis. Credit quality in the fourth quarter is expected to remain stable compared to the third quarter, loan loss provision expense growth will continue to be reflective of loan growth. I'll hand it back to Andy for closing remarks.
Andy Cecere: Thanks Terry. The record results and industry-leading returns that we delivered in the third quarter, despite a more challenging interest rate environment is a testament to our well-balanced business model, our numerous competitive advantages and our risk management discipline. As we head in the final quarter of 2019, we feel good about our loan and deposit trends and our ability to continue to gain market share across our franchise. As indicated on slide 13, we are seeing good digital update trends. As loans are increasingly sourced through our digital channels, we expect better customer experience, higher account and volume growth and improved operational efficiency. Our core fee businesses are performing well. Investments made over the past few years in our payments and mortgage business lines are delivering anticipated results in the form of improving sales and volume growth. Our scale and differentiated service model is helping us win new business and expand existing relationships in our trust and Investment Services business which is driving strong asset under management and fee growth. Importantly, we are deepening relationships across our entire franchise, as we bring the power of one U.S. Bank to each of our business customers and consumers. Credit quality remains stable and we are not seeing any early indicators in our portfolio that causes concern. However, we are mindful that at some point industry will experience a credit downturn and we remain disciplined in terms of our origination quality and our long-term strategy of remaining within our defined credit box -- regardless of the competitive environment. In closing, I'd like to reiterate the message I delivered at a recent Investor Day. We are in a position of strength and will continue to leverage the core competencies and competitive advantage that carry us to where we are today. However, the world is changing rapidly and we are adjusting -- investing for the future, so that we can continue to deliver the industry-leading growth and return to our shareholders that come to expect from us. I'd like to thank our employees for their hard work and commitment they bring to the job every day. We will now open up the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Matt.
Jen Thompson: Polly, we're not hearing. We're not hearing, Matt.
Operator: Matt, your line is open.
Jen Thompson: We can go to the next caller and maybe Matt can dial in again.
Operator: Okay. And your next question comes from the line of John McDonald with Autonomous Research.
John McDonald: Hi. Good morning.
Terry Dolan: Good morning, John.
John McDonald: I was wondering -- Hi, Terry. I was wondering if you could just give a little more color on the request for the capital increase, just over what timeframe you might be looking to do the 9.6% down to 9%? Is that over the course of a year or a couple of months or? And, again, what gave you the -- what was the clarity you're looking for, was it CECL and tailoring, I think, you mentioned?
Terry Dolan: Yes. Well, with respect to the second part, I think, that we've now been through parallel run for a couple of different quarters, and the outlook from an economic standpoint is still relatively solid, and so I think we feel comfortable that we have a good range, and it's consistent with what we talked about at Investor Day. And then, obviously, the final rule coming out is helpful. From a timing standpoint, it won't be accelerated. I think it will be bringing that 9.6% down to 9.0% really during the 2019 CCAR cycle, so by the end of the second quarter.
John McDonald: Okay. Got it. So, it is for this cycle to do it by the second quarter of next year.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Yes.
John McDonald: Okay. Got it. And then, I wanted to ask you guys just more broadly about your outlook, just in terms of kind of generating positive operating leverage in what's proving to be a difficult -- more difficult rate environment. As you turn the corner into 2020, is that a goal? And is that 100 basis points kind of a bogey still? And Terry you had mentioned at Investor Day that 2020 was a tougher year when you're talking about your three-year targets.
Terry Dolan: Yes.
John McDonald: And maybe also, Terry, you could just kind of clarify, I think, at Investor Day you said part of that outlook is --you thought your net interest income might grow faster than your fees and maybe if you could give a little follow-up color on that?
Terry Dolan: Yes. So a lot of different questions there. Certainly, in terms of positive operating leverage, it's a balancing act between certain long-term and we always kind of take that into consideration. 2020, as I said at Investor Day, I think, it is going to be a challenging year, because of where interest rates are today versus where they were a year ago. I mean, the long end of the curve, 10 years, is I think down 150 -- almost 150 basis points from where it was last year. So, the landscape certainly has changed relative to when that guidance came out. When we -- right now, I think our outlook, with respect to positive operating leverage, is to achieve that in 2019 on a quarter basis, and as we kind of think about different initiatives, the certain things that we will take into consideration is the fact that our -- we continue to transform from a digital perspective. Derek talked about kind of a do-it-yourself sort of, a focus, so I think, you know, we're going to end up looking to add a lot of different things that we can do in order to try to manage expenses as prudently as we can. But you know, I think part of it is just what happens with interest rates, I mean, as its volatile right now, it's hard to really know and having an outlook that's much beyond a quarter is pretty tough. Coming back to net interest income versus fees that guidance, right, those comments are really focused around what we think between now and three years out where that growth is going to come from, and I think part of that is an assumption that once we get beyond 2020, the interest rate environment starts to normalize and either stabilizes or starts to come up, and so I think that's part of the thought process between where that mix is going to come from.
Andy Cecere: And Id just reiterate John that the theme that we talked about at Investor Day  talked about at Investor Day continues to hold which is delivering in the short-term while investing for the long-term. So we're going to manage short-term performance, understanding the rate environment on in the economic environment, but deliver on what we talked about in terms of positive operating leverage but at the same time investing for the long-term growth that we're seeking.
John McDonald: Got it. Thank you. 
Andy Cecere: Sure, John.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: Hey, good morning. Hi. One follow-up there on the tailoring rule. There's also a benefit I think to the LCR and how your  reports calculate that and carry cash around that? And I'm wondering, does that have any impact on how you think about either the portfolio that you're holding or your ability to be more competitive for, you know, loans because you can value non-operating deposits or any other benefit from that that maybe we could get a loan under the hood on? 
Andy Cecere: Yes, so with the rules related to the LCR coming out, you know, all it was essentially kind of reducing it to an 80% to 85% level. And as weve talked, it really helps free up our liquidity probably in the range of $11 billion to $15 billion kind of in that ballpark. And, you know, we're still formulating kind of what our game plan is, but  I think that we'll look at kind of remixing the investment portfolio in order to be able to both extend duration and possibly enhance the yield a little bit. We may look at reducing our debt level in the wholesale markets, and I think that  a number of those different actions would be beneficial to the company, and it's going to be basis points, it's not going to be a major change I think in terms of net interest income just based upon kind of where the yield curve is, et cetera, but we're looking at all sorts of things.
Betsy Graseck: Right. And I get that. Every little bit helps so.
Andy Cecere: Yes. It does.
Betsy Graseck: And does it impact all the competitiveness with regard to commercial lending or not really? 
Andy Cecere: I don't think so.
Betsy Graseck: Okay.
Andy Cecere: I mean we end up driving from a competitive standpoint based upon what the pricing is in the marketplace. And I just don't see it impacting that a lot.
Betsy Graseck: Okay.
Terry Dolan: And given our debt rating and our low cost of funds we're already in a pretty good position regarding our loan pricing.
Betsy Graseck: Got it. Okay. And then any just separately at Investor Day, really interesting kind of sidebar tech showcase that you had and I want to just understand how you're thinking about the offering that you've got for merchant acquiring Merchant Services? And understand where you think there's more that you can do there to expand your offering either to other verticals take what you've got and your restaurant hospitality, et cetera to other verticals? Or if there is more that you can do with adjacencies on some of the things that you've been adding to over the past year or so?
Terry Dolan: Yes, I think it's a three-pronged strategy. One is, continued focus on e-commerce and ISVs which we made good progress in over the last year, we'll continue to focus on it going forward. Secondly is the focus on certain verticals. You may have a couple of airlines, hotels, industry, and healthcare. And thirdly and importantly and probably the biggest opportunity is just combination of banking, products and services together with merchant products and services. The fact is all of our merchants need a bank, many of our small business customers need a merchant provider, and our ability to weave and put those products together in a comprehensive set that helps the customers run their business and give them information I think is the key to our focus and one of the areas I think where we see the most potential.
Betsy Graseck: And is it primarily U.S. or is it also Europe? I know you have a more global footprint in this business.
Terry Dolan: Yes, so the first two would be global across the board, that combination of banking and merchant processing would be principally in the U.S.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Thanks.
Terry Dolan: You bet.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Terry Dolan: Good morning, Ken.
Andy Cecere: Hey Ken.
Ken Usdin: Hey good morning guys. How are you doing? Just a couple of fee follow-ups, obviously, mortgage banking was very strong and I'm sure built into your outlook for the fourth quarter growth, but can you just talk about how much more pipeline you expect to pull through on the mortgage side and what you're just seeing in terms of the gain on sale outlook and the loan officer side of the equation there?
Terry Dolan: Yes, so if you think about mortgage banking, I mean obviously, there was a very strong quarter from refinancing. When we end up thinking about the fourth quarter, it's very dependent upon where long-term rates are. With the rates kind of acting or coming up a little bit most recently, it probably will not be as strong. But I think it will still be a good year-over-year story from a mortgage banking perspective. The application volume is a little strong in production. It was strong in the third quarter. We continue to see that momentum. The other thing Ken is we talked about this; we've been over time making good investment in mortgage loan officers on the retail side of the equation, enhancing that. The digital platform that we talked about has a very high percentage of application capture and that just helps -- and it helps because those fee to market and our ability to be able to service those customers and get the loans booked. We went through the last what I would say cycle of refinancing and our processing times were relatively short compared to competitors and certainly what we have experienced in the past and it's all because of those investments.
Ken Usdin: Got it. And a second question, I know this comes up from time-to-time, but inside the other, you always mentioned that the PE gains are there. We know that the ATM agreement is in there as well. Can you help us just understand the magnitude of the PE gains even on a comparison basis if not the number? And then also just the ATM services -- how much is that in revenues and expenses today and how does that work going forward? Thanks Terry.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So, in terms of other revenue, it is a lumpy category. It ends up going up and down depending upon what's happening within the various categories. It includes a lot of different things and equity investment is just one piece of it. But if we end up looking at the overall increase on a year-over-year basis, I would break it down kind of like this about half of it is related to the transitional services revenue and about 25% of it's related to equity investment and then it's kind of combination of a lot of other things that are kind of driving that. So, when we think about it, because I know this question is out there when we think about other revenue, we talked a little bit about this. Over the course of last eight quarters, it has ranged anywhere on a quarterly basis from $160 million to as high as $300 million and when we end up looking at what is a core reasonable level that $200 million range is in that ballpark give or take. It'll be up a little bit some quarters and down a little bit in other quarters. And that's how we think about it.
Ken Usdin: And then could you just -- on the expense side of the ATM, is that a decent part of the growth on the expense side as well the services agreement?
Terry Dolan: Yeah, it is. That service agreement was really negotiated in order to be able to cover the cost and so the cost level associated with making that transition service agreements is fairly similar to the revenue that were generating. And from a timing standpoint that will start to go away as conversions are taking place between now and the end of 2020.
Ken Usdin: Got it. Thank you.
Terry Dolan: Yeah.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities.
Andy Cecere: Hey, Mike.
Mike Mayo: Hi. I know we just had your Investor Day, you are talking about positive operating leverage, driven by the digital transformation, so I guess I have a front office and a back-office question. The front office question, I guess you closed what like 150 branches in the last year, but it's still a decent deposit growth, so how much growth are you getting through digital channels, or some sort of metric that you can give us? And then the harder question, the back-office, I mean, you're retooling the inside of the company. Can you give us any metrics when, like data centers, the peak where you are now where you expect them to go, or what percent of your applications you expect to migrate to the public cloud or anything else about the internal retooling too?
Andy Cecere: Mike I'll start and then Terry can add on. So from a sales perspective as we think about the digital initiatives, the revamping of our app and the focus on the digital capabilities it's focused on a couple of areas, one is insights and improving the ability to connect with the customers. But secondly, it's also the ability to improve sales activity and you see some of our loan stats in the deck that we provide as part of the earnings call. Well, I tell you that both loan activity from a sales perspective as well as deposit activity is growing quite rapidly and we will see a continued movement of more sales activity, transactions is already high as you know digitally, but more sales activity to digital channels I think over time, which will allow for our continued opportunities on the expense side of the equation, and if you think about the backroom.
Terry Dolan: Yeah. So, I mean, was it in the back room or even was in the branches is a big part of the decision around closures related to branches and reinvestment in branches as well is really kind of the intersection of our employees, our people to digital and our customers, obviously, the customer behaviors are changing. The amount of transaction activity that's happening in the branch is significantly less than where it was and in fact 80% of it roughly  70%, 80% of it goes through the digital channel today. So, that gives us the opportunity to really reconfigure the branch network both in terms of size and numbers et cetera. And -- but also to changed the focus from a service oriented type of location to something that's much more either sales and/or advice focus. And so I think, those trends are going to continue, I don't necessarily have specific metrics. On the deposit side, I would say that there are still room and opportunity for the percentage of sales from the deposit perspective to continue to grow. And I think, Derek at Investor Day had said, you know when you think about the opportunity from a digital perspective from sales and -- we would include deposits in this is that, you know that should get us closer to that 40%, 50% overtime. It'll take a while for us to get there because of the customer adoption that has to take place.
Q  Mike Mayo: Okay. And then, as far as the back-office, do you give any metrics on number of data centres? Or how many apps you expect to migrate to the public cloud or anything else just on the inside of the company?
Andy Cecere: We haven't disclosed a number of data centres. But I will tell you Mike, as we continue to migrate activity to the cloud and Jeff -- Jeff Von Gillern spoke a little bit about that at Investor Day, but most of our new activity in development will occur in the cloud which offers number of our advantages both in the capacity as well as cost development.
Q  Mike Mayo: All right. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: And your next question comes from Scott Siefers with Sandler O'Neill.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Scott.
Q  Scott Seifers: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Just Terry, may be some updated thoughts on the margin, given that the noise from some of the transitory stuff in the third quarter, should presumably be settling in the fourth quarter? I guess; one, when -- and apologies if you said this, when do you have any additional rate cuts baked into your own outlook there? And then, just as we go forward, we still thinking kind of $40 million to $45 million sort of all up will some impact from these rate cut?
A  Terry Dolan: Yeah. Well, let me kind of talk a little bit about kind of our guidance. And hopefully these will kind of get to some of your points. So our guidance with respect to low-single digits is really kind of looking at the implied market where rates in terms of where they're at in the first couple of weeks of October. And kind of implied in that is an assumption that you know rates are going to decline and our assumption is that, it will be in 25 basis point cut in both October and in December. And I think there is still question as to December occurs. The long end of the curve, we are assuming that it's roughly kind of where it is right now. So, that's kind of the assumptions that we're baking into kind of our perspective regarding margin or net interest income. From a margin perspective, it's down about 11 basis points on a linked-quarter. There's about 4 basis points that's really related to those cash balances supporting the balances. And so, when we think about the fourth quarter, we would expect our net interest margin to decline, but kind of in the range of that core level which is 7 to 8 basis points.
Q  Scott Seifers: Okay. So 7 to 8 basis points of margin decline in the fourth quarter?
A  Terry Dolan: In the fourth quarter. Yeah, I think, the other thing is that, it's just kind of interesting, if you think about third quarter, third quarter from an average perspective, short-term rates are actually up about 29 basis points, 30 basis points, although the long end was down about 100 -- a little over 100. In the fourth quarter, that would be the first quarter on a year-over-year basis, when the short end is down, kind of in the range of that 40 to 50 basis points and the long end is down 150 basis points. So in the industry, that's why people are looking at. And we would expect fourth quarter to become more challenging as it will go into the quarter end and into 2020.
Q  Scott Seifers: Okay. And then, so with that, just so I understand with that 7 to 8 basis points presumably that kind of moderates as we would look at additional rate cuts or is that, that sort of a new, new price that is I want to make sure, I'm sort of understanding that?
A  Terry Dolan: Yeah. I mean, I would say that given the fact that, that it's so volatile right now and we don't really know where rates are going take a look out beyond the fourth quarter.
Q  Scott Seifers: Okay. Fair enough. All right, thank you very much. I appreciate it.
A  Terry Dolan: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America.
Q  Erika Najarian: Hi. Good morning.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Erika.
Q  Erika Najarian: I wanted to follow-up on John's line of questioning, so even outside of mortgage the fee income trends are quite strong. Payments up 5% year-over-year, trust and investment management up 2% year-over-year, and I'm wondering, as we tie that back to your long-term revenue targets, is a 5% fee income clip over that three-year period, too optimistic or about in line with what you're thinking? I guess, the reason I'm focusing on fees is because, like you said Terry, nobody has any idea on what the curve -- forward curve is going to look like, right? I mean, the probability of October changed over the past two hours. So I'm trying to think about the contribution of fees. And I have a follow-up on balance sheet growth.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Well, maybe, just kind of, again, this kind of ties a little bit to Investor Day and some of the guidance associated with that. The outlook for fee income, in part, will depend upon what happens with rates. I mean, the puts and takes with respect to mortgage banking and so all kind of a function in terms of what happens from a rate perspective. But, I think, were confident when we think about the investments that we've been making both in the payment space of business and our corporate trust and some of the digital capabilities, our capital markets business, all of those, we feel like we have a position of strength at this particular point in time and that momentum will continue to carry. I mean, there will be puts and takes. It kind of depends upon what happens in the environment. Consumer spend continues to be strong. We don't see anything in the short-term, but where that ends up turning, I wouldnt get into 2020, is anybody's game.
Q  Erika Najarian: And on the balance sheet growth contribution to those long-term revenue targets, fully acknowledge the 2020 is going to be challenging. If the rate curve doesn't normalize as you think, but doesn't necessarily get worse than what's in the current expectation. Is there enough opportunity in terms of delivering all of the bank into your current customers, with regards to loan growth. In other words, that implies to me that we would need mid single-digit loan growth over that three-year period in order to potentially mitigate some of the net interest margin volatility, or lack of help from the yield curve rather.
Terry Dolan: Yeah, maybe a couple of things. The target that we set are kind of based upon where we think the growth rates are going to be as we get into the second and third-year. I tried to be clear that that's not our expectation with respect to 2020 and it's not necessarily a compounded rate over the three years because of the challenges that will happen in 2020. But when you end up -- when we think about the balance sheet right now. And again, this all kind of depend upon what happens in the economy and that's a little bit hard to predict, but consumers spend and consumer confidence continues to be strong, I think business activity continues to be strong, I think it's moderated somewhat because of tariff policy and that sort of thing or trade policy, but generally, I think the economy is solid. And when we end up thinking about 2020 from a loan growth perspective, we think that some of the trends that we're seeing this year will continue. And as we talked, third quarter loan growth of about 4.7% on a core basis, we think that's achievable. And I think from the U.S. bank's perspective, we have the lowest cost of funds in the industry and we have some competitive advantages from a pricing perspective that will enable us to be able to achieve those type of things. So I feel reasonably confident.
Andy Cecere: Yeah. And, Erika, if you think -- if you step back and look at the third quarter, our earning asset growth was just under 5%. Our deposit growth year-over-year was just about 6%. So thinking about the balance sheet growing in that mid-single-digit, I think its about right.
Terry Dolan: Yeah.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Great. Thank you.
Terry Dolan: Yeah.
Andy Cecere: Sure.
Operator: And your next question comes from Vivek Juneja with JP Morgan.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Vivek.
Terry Dolan: Hey, Vivek.
Vivek Juneja: Good morning. Hi. Sorry, we've been jumping on multiple calls. I'm apologizing, if I'm making you repeat something. The other income, did you give any sort of way to think about what's the sort of run rate that seems reasonable?
Terry Dolan: Yeah. We did talk a little bit about that, and maybe just to reiterate, we end up looking at the back and when we think about it, we end up looking at that level on a quarterly basis, it's gone anywhere from $160 million to $300 million. And as a function of the lumpiness that exists across a lot of different categories of income within that, including equity investments, et cetera. But if I were to  when we think about kind of that core level on a quarterly basis, $200 million, plus or minus is kind of the where we believe that is a reasonable kind of range. And if you remember in the past I had said, somewhere between $175 million and $225 million, and that's kind of in that ballpark. So, when you end up looking at the year-over-year for the third quarter, but half of that growth is related to the transition servicing agreement that's tied to the ATM business, and so that goes away over time during 2020 tied to when those conversions occur.
Andy Cecere: Together with the expense.
Terry Dolan: Together with the expense. And the expense is pretty similar to the increase related to the transitions service agreement from a revenue point of view.
Vivek Juneja: And then, another one which is positive operating leverage. Your previous guidance you used to have the 100 to 150, which went to 100. Are you thinking full year 2019 given everything going on you've obviously got positives on mortgage banking, other income running higher, but then NII softer? Is it still closer to 100 basis points or do you think given where rates have gone it's  that's going to be harder to get to?
Andy Cecere: We're consistent with what we talked about Investor Day, Vivek, which is somewhat below 100 basis points, but still positive operating leverage.
Vivek Juneja: Okay, great. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Thank you. Yes.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Terry Dolan: Hey, Matt.
Andy Cecere: Welcome back, Matt.
Matt O'Connor: Hi. Thanks. Sorry about that before. Just stepping back kind of a bigger picture this whole operating leverage question. You've got the best revenue growth year-to-date I think of the big banks about 4%. It seems like the expense growth is also the highest. And I guess I am just conceptually wondering like is that the cost of doing business like to get that much revenue growth, that's the expense growth that you need or is there still some catching up in terms of infrastructure or something you are working on a few years ago? Or is there something trying to get ahead of kind of to help drive revenue growth in the future. And obviously, I'm not looking for specific numbers, but just conceptually, some people would look at you and say, okay the revenue growth is really good but the expense growth was a bit higher, and it might just cost that much to generate that much revenue growth. So maybe you could just comment on something like that.
Andy Cecere: So I will start it Matt and Terry will add on. So first from a big picture standpoint, three big puts and takes. Number one is we're going to continue to optimize the number of initiatives from an operation standpoint, the way were delivering products and services. The way we are operating in the back room and all those things will allow for some saves because that's a positive. Secondly, we are going to continue to invest with the long-term. In the digital initiatives we talked about Investor Day, so that's going to cost bit more, a lot of thats already in the run rate. If you look at the third quarter specifically though, there were a couple of areas of revenue growth, specifically mortgage and capital markets that have expenses related to missions associated with them and that was one of the reasons for a little higher expense growth.
Terry Dolan: Yes. I think I would just kind of maybe add to that because -- we see that in mortgage and we see that in capital markets specifically, but from an optimization standpoint, we talked about this Investor Day -- very focused on how the customer behaviors are changing making sure that we are staying lockstep with that and I think there is both opportunities in front office from a branch perspective and will continue to look at that and as I said, we may accelerate or increase you know some of the activity associated with that, but it's going to be tight what happens from a customer standpoint. And then you know as we continue to move to a digital platform I think there is back-office opportunities in terms of optimization. And then the other thing in this kind of gets back to the digital activities that Andy was talking about, we're making important investments in all of our lines of businesses and we want to and will continue to do that because it's important for us to look both short-term as well long-term so.
Matt O'Connor: Okay, thats helpful. I just -- I think sometimes we're also focused on the absolute level of operating leverage and the fact of matter is 80 bps of operating leverage with 4% revenue growth is a lot better than 1% plus operating leverage with 1% revenue growth just the way the math works so. Okay. Thats right. Thank you.
Terry Dolan: Yeah. No, thats right. And -- that 0.8 positive operating leverage on 54 -- efficiency ratio 54 is a lot different than 1% on 62. So, -- it's all of those things, part of it as the starting point.
Andy Cecere: Thanks Matt.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Saul Martinez with UBS.
Saul Martinez: Hey, good morning, guys. So, you guys addressed -- a lot of my questions. I was going to ask you to speak to some of the loan growth trends which are pretty pronounced not only in terms of the absolute level balance sheet growth, but just a mix with commercial on an end-of-period basis commercial going 3% and consumer 7% even with home equity declining for the core even faster than that. So, I guess a couple of parts though -- maybe you can adjust how much of that growth is related to exogenous factors? Or is dependent on a strong macro environment continuing how much of growth is a function of things you're doing at the company level to deepen relationships used analytics and whatnot? And I guess the second part of my question though is around CCEL and whether -- do you guys even -- to you guys consider the impact of CCEL when addressing this growth because a lot of the growth is occurring in lending segments that are going to be disproportionally impacted by CCEL in longer term -- longer weighted average lives in higher loss content like cards. And you I think yourself Terry mentioned at Investor Day that you will have higher ALLL -- to maintain that ALLL ratio, you have to provision more, but with this mix shift that ALLL ratio will continue to migrate upwards and is that something you guys think about or do you guys just say that hey that's accounting noise in the economics of this lending activity is the same, it doesn't really matter and over the life of the loan, the loss is the loss. So, just kind of whether -- the CCEL impact on your growth is something you guys think about and how we should think about in terms of modeling it?
Andy Cecere: Good question. And like -- we kind of talk a little bit about this in the past, when we think about loan growth and where it comes from and kind of our focus within the company. You already think about it more on an economic basis than we do on the accounting. But I do think there's a lot of accounting noise that occurs within CCEL for a lot of different reasons. One is that every company is going to have their own forecasts with respect to what happens in the economy and all the things that we talked about. So, we really think about it more from an economic standpoint. In terms of loan growth, again just comes back in terms of what we're seeing today and what we see today is that consumer happen to be strong and consumer spend is strong and those things should tend for good growth from a consumer perspective. Even on the business side that while it may moderate, it's still a very solid business. So some of it is driven by macroeconomic, other especially as we kind of think out on a longer-term basis is driven by initiatives. We started ABS lending sort of platform a year ago, but this focus and Andy talked about it, we have merchants and the merchant side of the equation and small businesses and there is a significant opportunity for us to build leverage both. So when you think about loan growth, we also begin to tighten some of our initiatives.
Saul Martinez: Okay. Thats helpful. Thank you very much.
Terry Dolan: Thanks.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Terry Dolan: Good morning, Gerard.
Andy Cecere: Hey, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning guys. You guys have been very good at sharing with us the competition in Commercial Real Estate lending and what's going on in different loan markets. We hear from many of the smaller commercial banks that they're building out there treasury management products. Are you guys seeing any increased competition in that part of the commercial customer base that you deal with that gives us products?
Terry Dolan: Gerard, I would say it's not any different than we've seen historically. I would say probably the change is occurring to treasury management. You continue to see it going forward is the migration and the use case is really the real-time payments that have been developed and the new products and services as a result of that. So, I think that is going to continue to be a change and as you think about our capabilities in treasury management combined with our corporate payments, I think you're going to continue to see those things coming together and changing with this new rails that have been developed.
Gerard Cassidy: And do you think -- speaking on that Andy, do you think Zelle will play a role on that and a go forward basis as Zelle goes from a P2P to possibly a B2B?
Andy Cecere: Well, Zelle, well start to use those new rails as a component of their mechanism, for sure thats one. Number two, is I think Zelle has a lot of opportunity for growth in different aspects and there are also used cases, request for payment and other things there in the Zelle side. So youre going to see changes on the business to business side related to the real-time rails. Youre going to see continued migration and changes and enhancement on the consumer side related to Zelle and at some point, some of those things particularly small business may come together a little bit.
Gerard Cassidy: Great.
Terry Dolan: Yeah, and the other thing Gerard, I would just say is that, I think the challenge or the competitive landscape is going to be one based upon who is able to make the investments in connecting the rail -- real-time rail or Zelle or where we made the case to the customer. And that's where our area of focus has really been around the used case is that creates a value proposition to the customer and that investment is very important, its an area of focus for us.
Andy Cecere: That's absolutely right. Thank you.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. And then to pivot, you guys have been very conservative in your construction lending; the portfolio is about $10.7 billion down, just under 5% on a year-over-year basis, but there seems to be recently a resurgence in housing, today the National Association of Home Builders there market index rose bidding and consensus and there seems to be recently some pickup in activity here. Are you guys seeing that in any of your markers and are there opportunities for you to capture some of that growth?
A  Terry Dolan: Gerard, we have a housing capital group that does focus on home builders and we are seeing good growth there -- there West Coast and South principally is where our focus area is, and that -- that business is doing well on growing. Some of the other aspects of Commercial Real Estate and some of the declines you're seeing are really a function of some of the credit components that we're seeing our competitors move to that we're not comfortable with. So yes, some positives, but we have some negatives and we're sticking with our core customers and within the credit box that we participate in.
Q  Gerard Cassidy: Great. Thank you so much. Appreciate it.
A  Terry Dolan: Thank you. All right.
Operator: And there are no further audio questions. Are there any closing remarks?
Jen Thompson: Yes. Thank you for listening to our earnings call and please call the Investor Relations Department if you have any follow-up questions. That concludes our call.
Operator: And thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-17 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorp's Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Andy Cecere, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Terry Dolan, U.S. Bancorp's Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately noon, Eastern daylight time, through Wednesday, July 24, at 12:00 midnight, Eastern daylight time. I will now turn the conference over to Jen Thompson, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Jennifer Thompson: Thank you, Jack, and good morning to everyone who's joined our call. Andy Cecere and Terry Dolan are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorp's second quarter results and to answer your questions. Andy and Terry will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of the slide presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at usbank.com.  I'd like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of today's presentation in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I'll now turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks, Jen, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our call. Following our prepared remarks, Terry and I will take your questions. I'll begin on Slide 3. In the second quarter, we reported earnings per share of $1.09. Despite our more challenging interest rate environment for the banking industry that has seen in some time, we delivered strong financial results supported by top line revenue growth and positive operating leverage of 1%. Loan and deposit trends improved compared with the first quarter, and we saw a broad-based momentum across our key businesses driven by account and volume growth. Credit quality remained stable, and we continue to prudently manage operating expense, while appropriately investing for the future.  Turning to capital management. Our book value per share increased by 9.7% from a year ago. During the quarter, we returned 79% of our earnings to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. In June, we received the results of our CCAR submission, and the Federal Reserve did not object to our capital plan, which included a dividend increase of 13.5%.  Slide 4 provides key performance metrics. In the second quarter, we delivered a return on average common equity of 15% and a return on average assets of 1.55%. Our return on tangible common equity was 19.2%. Our efficiency ratio improved both on a linked-quarter and year-over-year basis. Now let me turn the call over to Terry who'll provide more detail on the quarter as well as forward-looking guidance.
Terrance Dolan: Thanks, Andy. If you turn to Slide 5, I'll start with the balance sheet review and follow-up with the discussion of second quarter earnings trends. Average loans grew 1.1% on a linked-quarter basis and increased 4.5% year-over-year, excluding the fourth quarter 2018 sale of FDIC-covered loans that had reached the end of the loss coverage period. Solid year-over-year growth in mortgages, credit cards and installment loans supported solid consumer loan trends, while commercial loan growth reflected strength in both large corporate and middle-market lending, partly offset by paydowns related to active capital markets.  New business pipelines remained healthy, although paydown activity is likely to remain elevated and choppy near term. Commercial Real Estate loans decreased on a sequential and a year-over-year basis. This quarter, Commercial Real Estate contribute a 20 basis point drag to linked-quarter average loan growth and an 80 basis point drag to year-over-year average loan growth.  Given what we consider to be unfavorable risk/reward dynamics in certain areas of Commercial Real Estate lending, we expect paydown pressure to continue to restrict growth in this portfolio.  Turning to Slide 6. Deposits increased 2.9% on a linked-quarter basis and 3.1% year-over-year. Compared with the prior year period, growth in consumer wealth management and corporate trust balances was offset by lower Corporate and Commercial customer balances. Balances continued to migrate to higher yielding savings and time deposits from noninterest-bearing deposits. The decline in Corporate and Commercial banking balances were also affected in part by migration related to the business merger of a large financial client. This migration has stabilized and will be less impactful in future quarters.  Slide 7 indicates that credit quality was relatively stable in the second quarter. Nonperforming assets decreased 5.2% versus the first quarter and were down 12.6% in the same period a year ago. Commercial loan 90-day delinquencies were elevated this quarter as a result of an administrative matter related to a single customer and is expected to be resolved in the third quarter without a credit loss.  Slide 8 highlights the second quarter earnings results. We reported earnings of $1.09 per share in the second quarter of 2019 compared with earnings per share of $1.02 a year ago. Turning to Slide 9. Net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis grew by 1.4% compared with first quarter and increased by 3.3% year-over-year, which was in line with our expectations. Both linked quarter and year-over-year comparisons benefited from loan growth, offset by the impact of a flatter yield curve.  Linked quarter growth also reflected an additional day in the quarter and higher interest recoveries. Slide 10 highlights trends in noninterest income. On a year-over-year basis, we saw mid-single-digit growth in credit and debit card revenue, corporate payments revenue and merchant processing revenue driven by higher sales volume in each category. Trust and investment management fees grew 3.5% due to business growth and favorable market conditions. And 6.4% growth in commercial product revenue was driven by higher corporate bond fees and trading revenue partly offset by lower syndication fees.  Mortgage origination revenue decreased on a year-over-year basis. Strong origination and sales volumes were offset by an unfavorable change in the valuation of mortgage servicing rights, net of the hedging activity. The year-over-year decline in deposit service charges reflected the impact of the sale of our third-party ATM servicing business in the fourth quarter of 2018. The increase in other income was partly driven by the inclusion of the related transition services revenue from this sale, which will decline over time as well as higher tax credit syndications and equity investment revenue.  Turning to Slide 11. The year-over-year increase in noninterest expense reflected higher personnel costs and professional services and technology expense tied to business growth initiatives. This was partially -- partly offset by a decrease in other expense primarily reflecting lower costs related to tax-advantaged projects and lower FDIC assessment costs.  Slide 12 highlights our capital position. At June 30, our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio, estimated using the Basel III Standardized approach, was 9.5%. This compares to our target of 8.5%. I will now provide some forward-looking guidance. For the third quarter, we expect fully taxable equivalent net interest income to increase in the low single digits on a year-over-year basis. We expect fee revenue to increase in the mid-single digits on a year-over-year basis. We expect to deliver positive operating leverage of 100 to 150 basis points for the full year 2019, in line with our previous guidance.  We continue to expect our taxable equivalent tax rate to be approximately 20% on a full year basis. Credit quality in the third quarter is expected to remain relatively stable compared with the second quarter. Loan loss provision expense growth will continue to be reflective of loan growth. Now I'll hand it back to Andy for closing remarks
Andrew Cecere: Thanks, Terry. The U.S. economy remains healthy, the jobs market is robust and the business and consumer confidence remains supportive of favorable consumer spending, parent as well as related business investment. While the flattening yield curve has created a more challenging interest rate environment, our core deposit franchise, interest deposit mix and consistent risk management philosophy puts us in a strong relative position from which we will navigate. Fundamental transient needs for our major key businesses are healthy and importantly, are being fueled by growth in new accounts and expansion of existing relationships, which in turn is driving strong volume growth.  Our loan growth came in a little better than we had anticipated in the second quarter, and we are confident in our ability to win market share across our consumer as well as commercial portfolios.  We are investing in the future with digital initiatives a key focus. As you can see on Slide 13, loan sales are being increasingly sourced through our digital channels. We expect this trend to continue with the expected outcome a better customer experience, higher account and volume growth and improved operational efficiency. The success of our digital mortgage program continues to meet or exceed our expectations. Currently, over 80% of all mortgage loan applications are completed digitally.  Small business lending is another area where meaningful digital migration is occurring. As a reminder, last fall we launched a portal that allows small business customers to apply for and fund a loan up to $250,000 entirely, digitally and [indiscernible] consumer reaction has been extremely positive. In June, about 25% of applications for loans of this size used our digital portal. And year-to-date, book loan volume in this category is up 7% versus the same period a year ago. To summarize, the second quarter came in as we expected, and we are well positioned as we head into the second half of the year. I'd like to thank our employees for their hard work and dedication, which drove these results. That concludes our formal remarks. We will now open up the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew O'Connor: I'm sorry if I missed this, we've just been jumping around here. But the margin was a little more resilient this quarter than I would have thought, given some of the growth and things like securities and other earning assets, but basically lower-yielding asset bucket. So even though the NIM was in line with what you guys had said, it just seemed a little more resilient and was wondering what drove that and then if you gave any NIM outlook.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. This is Terry. So I think part of that resiliency is just loan growth and where we end up seeing so that -- kind of a mix of loan growth. I think that was one of the major drivers. The -- we continue to have a little bit of accretion with respect to the investment portfolio and of course, the change in yield curve came very late in the quarter. So I think there's just a number of drivers like that. Then the -- if you think about net interest margin, our outlook, if you think about for the third quarter, our current forecast assumes a 2-rate decline for the rest of 2019, one in the end of July and one in September. And the long end of the curve staying essentially kind of where it. And as a result of that, we're going to see some pressure with respect to net interest margin during the second half of the year, okay? When we think about the margin, our expectation is, it is going to decline in the high single digits in the third quarter, and there are two reasons for that: the first one has really no impact on net interest income.  And let me talk a little bit about that. So while half of the impact is due to a change in the regulatory -- in a European regulatory policy that has the effect of restricting our ability to include these balances in the LCR ratio. It is an industry-wide policy change by the European regulatory agencies, but because LCR is a binding constraint for us, we will have to increase our liquidity position by purchasing HQLA securities and funding this growth through borrowings that'll have similar sort of rates. So earning assets will grow, and that will offset the impact of about half of the change in net interest margin. The other half of net interest margin will decline because -- directly related to our expectation of the decline in rate as well as where the long-term yields are right now.
Andrew Cecere: So good summary, Terry. And just to reiterate about half of that decline in net interest margin is not impactful at all to net interest income. It's just a little higher asset offset by a little lower rate due to that regulatory change that you talked about. And I think when we're all set and done that we expect on a year-over-year basis, net interest income to be up in that very low single digit range given the rate declines that we expect here, and as Terry talked about, in the second half of the year.
Matthew O'Connor: Okay. And I mean there's obviously, some moving pieces on rates between here and the October call, but I just -- as we think about, say, the fourth quarter NIM, the impact of building liquidity is that could be fully in the run rate in 3Q? Or is there going to be kind of a stop impact of that in 4Q? And then should we think about a similar kind of core decline in the NIM in the 4Q if we get another rate cut in September?
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So let me answer the first question first. So on the fourth quarter related to the build in liquidity, that will be fully in the run rate because it really becomes effective for us July 1. So we are already kind of executing against that. So that'll be fully in the run rate. As we think about the fourth quarter. The fourth quarter, we will -- in the third quarter we will see -- we expect to see a rate cut at the end of July and then in September. And so that -- obviously, assets will start to price down immediately and deposit will -- deposit pricing will kind of come down over time. So I would expect that in the fourth quarter, you're going to continue to see more pressure with respect to net interest margin, and that's just kind of the dynamics of the balance sheet.
Matthew O'Connor: Okay just last one to squeeze in. Some banks are also giving guidance that if rates stay kind of stable -- if rates are stable, the NIM ex the liquidity. Is that kind of flat to down just a little bit? Or would you comment on more of a stable rate environment as well? And I'm done.
Terrance Dolan: Stable to hear. Yes, I think that -- I mean essentially, again, we think about net interest income being relatively stable relative to where it is in the second quarter, relatively flat.
Operator: John Pancari with Evercore.
John Pancari: Given your outlook for two cuts before the end of the year, the -- how does that impact your expectation for expense growth at all? Does that impact how you're thinking about expenses? I know you had expected full year expenses to be flat to up 1% or so for the full year '19. And then also, I know you saw a little bit of pressure this quarter on expenses. So curious how that growth expectation has changed. And then separately, about operating leverage as you look for 2020, how are you thinking about that?
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So John, again, this is Terry. So when we think about the second half of the year, clearly there's going to be pressure on net interest income, but one of the things I think we're seeing is good momentum on the fee income side of the equation, which I think will help to offset some of that, at least a fair amount of that. So if you think about it, we are seeing acceleration or momentum growing in our payments businesses. The consumer spend issues that were occurring in the early half of the year, they really kind of normalized. You -- we're seeing good momentum with respect to our mortgage banking revenue, and while it was down about 1 percentage point year-over-year this quarter, we would expect that to have hit that inflection point and start to grow in the third quarter. I think that, that will help. We're seeing good momentum, continuing momentum, with respect to trust and investment securities, and I think with the decline in the rate environment, I think you'll see more fund formation, I think in the third quarter with respect to corporate trust. So my point is that when you look across all of our fee categories, we see some pretty nice strength in that. I think that's kind of one of the benefits of our business model. And the diversification that we have on the revenue side of the equation is that fee income tends to help offset some of that pressure on the net interest margin side of the question. Andy?
Andrew Cecere: And John, specifically to your question, we'll continue to manage expense reflective of the revenue environment. And we still continue to expect that full year operating leverage in that 1% to 1.5%. The revenues [indiscernible] will be at the lower end of that range.
John Pancari: Got it, that's helpful. And if -- just one other follow-up. How would you think about operating leverage for 2020? I'm assuming obviously that's still very much part of it. But again, we could get a tougher backdrop as we go from the top line. So how do you think about what's attainable in 2020?
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So our goal, I think, in 2020 continues to be that 100 to 150 basis points. We'll end up having to manage through the rate environment, of course, making decisions short term versus long-term investments that we end up needing to make. But as we think about 2020, we'll continue to have that as our goal that we expect to achieve. Where we might have saw more expansion in a -- based upon what conditions were at the beginning of this year, that may continue to stay more at the lower end of the range. But we'll have to just see how revenues develop.
Operator: John McDonald with Autonomous Research.
John McDonald: I wanted to follow up on John's question, Terry. For the operating leverage for this year, you came in the first half of the year towards the lower end of the 1%. Just kind of wondering, I think you mentioned some things that get better in the second half, what are the puts and takes towards maybe we're getting to the middle of the range in the second half of the year, maybe closer to the 1.5%?
Terrance Dolan: Yes. I think for us -- I mean in the second half of the year -- again, I think just given the revenue environment on the net interest income side of the equation, that, that will be harder to achieve. But again, I think it depends upon how strong the fee income growth is as we go into the second half of the year. And again, we're seeing nice acceleration with respect to our payments and our mortgage banking businesses, et cetera. So that's going to be kind of the wildcard there.
Andrew Cecere: And then, John, this is Andy. On the expense side of the equation importantly, we continue to invest in a number of our technology and digital initiatives, while at the same time optimizing the current business structure, and I think that put and take of those 2 things will drive the expense growth to the low side, so that we're managing consistent with the revenue environment.
John McDonald: Okay. And then just a follow-up on some of the NII questions, Terry. Is there a way to size how much 125 basis point cut hurts in terms of NII or NIM, everything else equal?
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So if you think of -- and again, you can kind of do the math based upon some of our asset liability disclosures, but 25 basis point cut on a short end only probably has a $40 million to $45 million sort of impact to us. So that's kind of how we dimension it. And then the -- if you end up looking at kind of on a shock basis I guess, if you will, that would be $80 million to $90 million of the cost of -- across the curve.
John McDonald: Okay. $80 million would be like a parallel?
Terrance Dolan: Yes.
John McDonald: Okay. And then just for the -- yes, so I guess that's the other point of it, like right now are the current investment yields where the long end is, are current reinvestment yields accretive, dilutive a kind of breakeven-ish?
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So our expectation, when we think about the third quarter, is that it certainly has come down in terms of the amount of accretion that you have. We still think there's opportunity for 20 to 25 basis points of accretion on the investment portfolio. I think in the short term though, we're going to see some pressure with respect to premium amortization that may offset that.
John McDonald: Okay. Got it. But those securities that you plan to put on in terms of the -- some of the pressure that you mentioned for the next quarter, are those kind of -- are you thinking of those as NII accretive?
Terrance Dolan: We're thinking of those as in terms of the liquidity position and the regulatory issue, specifically?
John McDonald: Yes.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So we think that, that is -- that's neutral from a net interest income perspective.
John McDonald: Got it, got it. And a little bit hurtful to the NIM percent.
Terrance Dolan: Yes, it'll hurt NIM, but it'll be neutral with respect to net interest income.
Operator: Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: So just to make sure, I understand it's neutral for the coming quarter, but does it flip positive when premium amortization goes away?
Terrance Dolan: You mean in terms of the investment portfolio?
Betsy Graseck: Yes.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. And again, it kind of depends on what ends up happening with respect to yield curve. So if premium amortization starts to neutralize, it would have a little bit of a positive impact.
Betsy Graseck: Right. Okay. And then I wanted to just ask a little bit around the mortgage business. Obviously, strong quarter there. Can you give us a sense as to how you're thinking that plays out over the rest of the year? Does this quarter reflect the significant pickup in applications? And when you close, there's only a tail -- little tail left? Or do you feel like this will continue to ramp throughout the rest of the year?
Terrance Dolan: Yes. I think it continues to be beneficial through the rest of the year and it -- for a couple of different reasons. Some of the benefit is because of the refinance activity on the -- because of the change in the long end of the curve. But refinancings continue to be only about 30% of our overall volume. So a lot of that volume pickup for us, I think, is driven more by things like the investments we've made in our digital channel, the investments we've made in terms of the retail side of the channel versus the corresponding side of the equation. And the fact that -- because of that investment on the retail side of the equation, we've expected margins to start to improve. So we're going to see the benefit of higher margins because of that mix of business, but also on the purchase side of the equation, volumes have been very strong. So we expect the -- to see a pick up in the second half and start to continue.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then could you talk a little bit about consumer spending? And how that impacted you in the quarter?
Andrew Cecere: So Betsy, this is Andy. That's starting to come back. As we talked about late in 2018 into the first quarter of '19, that started to weaken a little bit. But we've seen sequential improvement in each month, and now it's closer to that 5%, 5.5%, 6% range which is still a little bit below early last year, but starting to get back to normal levels.
Terrance Dolan: And if you think about our payments base, that 5% and 5.5%, which Andy talked about, but on the merchant side that's closer to about 9%.
Andrew Cecere: Merchant acquiring volumes [indiscernible].
Terrance Dolan: Merchant acquiring volumes. And again, I think that is tied to some of the investments that we've been making in the business on the integrated software solutions, et cetera. And then the sales volumes on the corporate payment side of the equation continue to hold up. That's really more kind of in the 6% range, so it's lower than it was a year ago, but it's still quite strong. And those types of things give us some confidence with respect to where the economy is as well.
Betsy Graseck: That's interesting. Just linking that to Commercial loan growth, you had a nice pickup Q-on-Q. I know you mentioned that the forward look will have some impact from paydowns, and I guess the question I have here is, have you seen paydowns accelerate at all in 2Q?
Terrance Dolan: Yes. I would say that with respect to loan growth in the second quarter, not a lot of acceleration in terms of paydowns. We continue to see it in the Commercial Real Estate side of the equation. And so where we say that there's going to be pressure, I think it's really more in Commercial Real Estate. And I guess based upon where we're at in the economic cycle, I think we're fine with that. And those paydowns will come because of increased capital market, sort of, activity based upon where Commercial Real Estate developers can't refinance their projects. But if you -- when we think about kind of our outlook from a loan standpoint, again, I think consumer spending continues to be strong. GDP is holding up okay, unemployment is just fine. The -- we're seeing good growth in terms of the middle market space and really kind of across most regions in the country. So we just think that there's a lot of signs that would suggest that, that loan growth is going to continue, M&A activity pipeline, et cetera. So we feel fairly confident about where we're at right now.
Betsy Graseck: And just one last question for me on the middle-market side in those regions doing better. I'm wondering if you're seeing any particular industries accelerate because as we look at the macro data, we've had some pullback in some of the manufacturing area, trade, ag or transportation, I should say, agriculture. So one of the things that I've been getting from folks is, "Hey, where's this strength in C&I coming from?" I don't know if you have any things you can share with us on that.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. And again, on the middle-market side of the equation, it -- if you think about just kind of core commercial C&I, our growth was on a linked-quarter basis, 2-plus percent. I think it did -- there was a little bit of an offset or drag because of the agricultural lending that we have. And again, that's just kind of where the farming economy is at this particular point in time. We don't do a lot of land financing, our's is really tied more to farm operations, and the exposure to ag for us is really not that significant. So the -- I think manufacturing continues to hold up reasonably well. It may be a little bit lower than what it's been in the past, but for us, our middle-market business is pretty diversified across many different industries and across our entire footprint. So based upon what we're seeing right now, we would expect that to continue to hold.
Operator: Erika Najarian with Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: Thank you so much for the detail on net interest margin sensitivity to rate cuts. I'm wondering if could give us some insight on how you're thinking about deposit repricing in terms of both lag and a magnitude of repricing relative to each 25 basis points?
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So again, just to kind of give a reminder. If you think about our deposit base, about half of it is retail and about half of it is corporate and trust. And the retail deposit betas in the movement up was fairly inelastic, so you didn't see a lot of moment with respect to deposit pricing there. But our corporate trust and our wholesale deposits tended to be much more sensitive, as you can imagine. So when you think about a declining rate environment, we believe that deposit betas are going to come down in the corporate trust world reasonably fast as rate cuts are occurring, but you're just not going to see as much with respect to retail.
Erika Najarian: Perfectly fair, but the betas in corporate and trust were I think higher than expected. So as I think about full year 2020, it seems like there's an opportunity for actually net interest margin either stability or accretion relative to 4Q '19 even in the face of rate cuts, if we assume rate pricing on just 50% of that book and assuming the curve stays where it is. Is that too optimistic of a conclusion?
Terrance Dolan: Yes. I think if you end up looking out to 2020 and you're assuming the rate cuts are occurring, I think that because of our mix of corporate trust and wholesale, that we, on a comparative basis, are going to perform pretty well. So that's going to be more sensitive and deposit price is going to come down more quickly in the [indiscernible].
Andrew Cecere: I think, Terry, what you said was the betas for corporate trust and wholesale will continue to be high if they come down, something like that.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. Absolutely, absolutely.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And I noticed that comp expenses rose only 2% year-over-year. It's -- it had been trending in the 8% to 9% range annually previously, and I'm wondering if this is really an -- the opportunity that always existed even despite the change in the rate environment. And I'm wondering as we think about those comp levels or the rate of growth of comp, is it between 2% to 8%? I mean how should we think about the slowdown of that pace of growth?
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So if you think about compensation of that 8% range, I mean that really was a period of time when we were building our risk and compliance in different areas with respect to investments in the business. So that was unusually high. And as we've said that kind of started to moderate in late 2017, certainly 2018. 2019 I think is kind of -- all of that has normalized. When I think about a 2% to 3% sort of compensation range, we certainly think that we can manage within that level for an extended period of time, and I think that will help us. Some of that compensation obviously, is tied to revenue, for example, in the capital market space or some of the wealth management areas. But -- so it'll be somewhat dependent upon what sort of revenue streams we see on the P side of the equation, but that would be a good thing.
Operator: Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Kenneth Usdin: So I'm just going to ask a couple of clean up ones. Can you help us understand the magnitude of the interest recoveries that came through the NIM this quarter relative to last?
Terrance Dolan: Yes. I mean, Ken, we always have interest recoveries that are occurring. I think the reason why we want to highlight that a bit is simply because we're at the -- at -- we're at the late end of the business cycle and just given where credit has been for an extended period of time, we just don't know whether or not that will continue. So it's more of just trying to highlight that a little bit because of where we're at in the business cycle.
Kenneth Usdin: Okay. So was it above normal? Or -- I mean that you always -- you have the -- was it above normal even?
Terrance Dolan: I would say it was kind of normalized, but maybe a little bit high given where we're at in the business cycle.
Kenneth Usdin: Got it. Okay. You mentioned in other, you had some elevated -- you've been successfully harvesting some gains, and do you see a lot of opportunities on that front, especially where we are in the equity cycle? Should that continue to also be relatively strong as far as the other income -- other fee income line is concerned?
Terrance Dolan: Yes. I mean other income includes a lot of different things. It includes tax indication revenues, it includes some of the transition revenue related to our ATM sales -- leading the sale of our ATM business. And that will continue through 2020, but it'll start to dissipate as we go through that conversion. On the equity investment side of the equation, we still think there's opportunity there.
Kenneth Usdin: Okay. And then last one, just as we get hopefully closer to the Feds making some of the rules finalized at some point on the tailoring front, can you just talk through where you're seeing or anticipating to be the potentially business opportunity sets? And can you get ahead of any those at all? Or do you have to wait till they get formalized?
Terrance Dolan: Yes. Certainly, from a capital management standpoint, there's going to be benefit because of the AOCI and then on the liquidity side that'll help us as well. We really -- we'll have to wait until -- or we're going to wait until we have clarity with respect to the adoption of that and then, kind of, make decisions, both with respect to capital management and LCR. We've talked about in the past that we think that there's the opportunity to bring down HQLA by that $10 billion to $15 billion range and either redeploy it or think about the investment security portfolio. On a capital management side, we're at 9.5% today. And once we have clarity around CECL and the tailoring rules, we would expect are managing that back down closer to the 8.5% target.
Operator: Marty Mosby with Vining Sparks.
Marlin Mosby: Had one big strategic question and a very specific accounting question. We'll start with the accounting side. When you talked about premium amortization, you talked about maybe a headwind, you kind of said well there's some headwind coming. What I was curious about is most of the other calls we've actually heard management's talking about how they had accelerated. So I know you can, from an accounting standpoint, estimate amortization and so when rates move, you get kind of whipsawed around or you can kind of pay as you go. I was just curious in the sense of how you're amortizing that premium. Are you really more kind of a pay as you go or are you estimating what you think the rates are going to do to you?
Terrance Dolan: Well, we're certainly taking into consideration what we expect rates to do to premium amortization. I think the -- for us anyway, there is just a little bit of a lag. Most of the -- most significant change is that of occurring very late in June. And so I know the way that we end up accounting for it, it'll end up coming really more so through the third quarter than it was in the second quarter, just the way we end up accounting for it.
Marlin Mosby: So it's just a quarter lag more than anything else, and that's it?
Terrance Dolan: Yes. And again, that's assuming that the rate curve kind of stays where it is in terms of what the impact's going to be going forward.
Marlin Mosby: And that happens in the third quarter and then if rates stay where they're at, that's kind of behind you and you go into the fourth quarter's end with no impact in the since that rates don't change anymore?
Terrance Dolan: That's what we're hoping.
Marlin Mosby: All right. All right. And then the other thing I was trying to get at was merchant processing. You were talking about growth in the 8% or 9% when revenues are kind of growing in the 4% to 6%. How is the competitive environment for merchant processing? It seems like you've been picking some momentum back up there, but do you feel like you're going to be growing with kind of the same-store sales and maybe a little bit of market share gain? How do you envision that merchant processing as you're looking at the competitive environment right now?
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So certainly, the difference between the two is the churn that you have in the book of business. Our growth rate I do think that we'll -- from 4.5% or so will continue to accelerate as that new business comes on board. The other thing is that you have effects of foreign exchange and other things that are dampening that growth rate on the revenue side of the equation. So there's just a number of kind of dynamics. But when you think about the underlying business, we think it's accelerating, and we think it's strong.
Andrew Cecere: And I'd add, I think the team has done a terrific job of accelerating our greatest software vendor capabilities as well as our omnichannel capabilities and importantly, integrating with the other banking components so that we have a full set of products and capabilities that we can offer our middle-market and small business customers. So those activities are, I think, also driving the growth in a very positive way.
Operator: Antonio Chapa with UBS.
Saul Martinez: This is Saul Martinez at UBS. So a couple of questions. First of all, wanted to follow-up on Erika's question on the trajectory of deposit cost and fully get the difference between retail and corporate and trust deposits. But if I bring all of that together, how do we think about just the overall trajectory of your cost of interest-bearing deposits? Because historically, there's typically a sort of a 1- to 2-quarter lag between when cost of deposits start to decline and when the Fed starts to cut. So as we think about 3Q, 4Q, should you see an immediate benefit from, say, a July hike? Or -- I'm sorry, July cut? Or does it take a couple of quarters for that to start to filter in the 1.12% costs start -- interest-bearing cost to deposits starts to come down later in 2019 or 1Q? Or is it -- or should we start to see that all in 3Q?
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So let's take corporate trust or the wholesale side of the equation. That'll be fairly quick in terms of the July rate cut. Some of it is the timing of the fact that the July rate cut would probably happen at the end of the month. There's just opportunities for us to be able to incorporate that into our process, but -- so on the corporate trust side of the equation, it'll be pretty quick. But there is always a little bit of a lag in terms of it kind of getting incorporated in the process. So the benefit will be stronger in the fourth quarter certainly than in the third.
Saul Martinez: Right. In your guidance -- I mean are we assuming -- are you assuming that the overall cost deposit come in from 2Q levels?
Terrance Dolan: Yes. Yes.
Saul Martinez: Okay. Right, in 3Q. All right. Change gears a little bit, on your branch strategy. You've highlighted 10% to 15% branch reductions now over, I guess, a couple of years. On the surface, the 3,000 branches, that doesn't seem like a huge number. But it's about 300 to 450 if that's -- if I'm thinking about it right on 3,000 branches. And I think what you've said in the past is your community bank branches, which are like a little over 1,000 and in-store branches, which would take you cumulatively on those 2 to about 2,000, aren't really subject to being rationalized. So effectively, your Metro markets, you're cutting a huge amount of your existing branches in urban markets, if my logic is right. Something like 30% to 45% of your Metro markets. First -- so I guess my question is first, am I thinking about that right? Are the cuts going to be exclusively or almost exclusively in the Metro markets, which are like 1,000 branches? And what's driving this? Because it seems like a pretty substantial repositioning of your branch network?
Andrew Cecere: Yes. We have three sort of segments or branches, 1,000 in community, just under 1,000 in-store and outside and just over 1,000 in Metro. What we said is we're not going to exit communities. So we are not going to exit and have no branch standing in the community market we're currently in, but we do have some opportunity in community markets to rationalize or consolidate branches particularly, those that are close together, and that's also true for the in-store. So it is not only focused in Metro. The other thing I mentioned to you is that, that 10% to 15% is a net number. That includes optimization, moving 2 branches to a better location, entering new markets like we've announced in Charlotte, so forth. So that's a net number across all categories.
Saul Martinez: Okay. But should we assume that the vast majority of the branch rationalization occurs in Metro markets? Because even if there is some rationalization in community -- the community banking and in-store branches, it seems like -- especially considering that's a net number of branches you'll open in Charlotte, Atlanta, Dallas, whatever. It seems like a pretty big proportion of your existing branch network gets rationalized in urban markets.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. No. We're looking at optimization of our branch network. It's really across all 3 categories. We do believe that there's opportunity with respect to all categories. I mean think about community as an example, it includes some sizable markets like at the [indiscernible] or in Omaha, [indiscernible] et cetera, where we do have fairly significant branch networks. So it'll be across all of our -- we will tilt of the Metro markets, but it will include all markets.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. David Long with Raymond James.
David Long: You guys have -- I guess this is a follow-up to that last question, but talking about some of the areas where you're looking to add branches and just curious how the rate backdrop plays into how aggressive you are in pursuing that strategy?
Andrew Cecere: I don't think the rate backdrop is directly impactful to it. I think what we're trying to do is enter new markets where we already have a large employee base, a customer base that have 1 or 2 or 3 other products that, that U.S. Bank in their wallet, but don't have a full banking relationship and trying to extend that relationship using the data and things that would be valuable to that customer, regardless of the rate environment.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. And so it's about building the overall relationship with the customer and then when you think about it, I mean this is really a long-term strategy. So the current rate environment is only one consideration on data point.
David Long: Got it. And then second question I had was related to CECL and the impact that may have. Are you guys at a point where you can talk about what the impact may be on your overall reserve levels and also your appetite to make loans into certain categories?
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So yes -- and I think what we have talked about in the past is 20% to 40%. And in the third quarter, we'll be kind of going through a more substantive parallel run. And I think we'll have better insights with respect to the implications associated with that particular point in time. What -- we've said it's a range of probably 20% to 40% increase in the reserve, and I think we've even said that's kind of closer to that 30% sort of range, so you can kind of do the math. But we're probably going to wait until we get through that third quarter assessment. The other thing is I think we'll have better visibility with respect to what the economy will look like. And of course, that's certainly a driver in that process. As we've thought about the different products and what we'll emphasize or deemphasize, we're really making decisions more based upon the economics of the product profitability than we are allowing the accounting model to influence, that sort of a decision. So at this particular point in time, we haven't really said we're going to change that approach.
Operator: Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets.
Gerard Cassidy: Can you guys give us some color -- obviously, payments is a very important part of your business model. And we've seen that the announcement on Libra and what they're going to try to do, have you guys read the white paper and can you give us your thoughts on what you think?
Andrew Cecere: We have read the white paper, and we've had a number of discussions on it. I think it's in the early stages, Gerard, so I don't think there's immediate impact, but we have a number of initiatives going out with our payments. We're trying to understand the impact, but not only that but really optimizing the new real time reals that have been built and are being used -- a number of used cases across the company. The migration of treasury management moving to corporate payments activities and the impact on the consumer side to all the real time activity that's occurring. So it is one component of a more substantial change that's occurring in the environment, which is around payments overall, which is very impactful and very much something we're focused on.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then coming back, over the years, obviously, you guys have been very successful in making depository acquisitions as well as other nondepository acquisitions. Can you give us your view on what you're thinking over the next maybe 12, 24 months on depository transactions as well as nondepository transactions? Are you interested or is that something that could happen if the right opportunities came up?
Andrew Cecere: Yes. So as you know, most of our recent transactions have been nondepository. They've been either current portfolio's payments capabilities, trust, things of that sort, technology capabilities. And I think that will continue to be a focus for us. As we talked about, we are working on entering new markets without an acquisition, but in it's concept of a digital-first branch-light strategy. So I think that is a new way to enter a market. It might be more efficiently and effectively without paying a big premium and having attrition that occurs after the back. So if we were looking at anything larger, and we'll look at all opportunities, it would have to be substantial, it would have to be meaningful. And we'd also have to wait that transaction against the great momentum that we have across the company right now across many of the businesses and think about it from a long-term perspective. So we'll consider all those things, but I wouldn't expect us to enter a new market with a small depository acquisition, given our other opportunities to do that.
Gerard Cassidy: And speaking of the other opportunities, Andy, can any early redid on that the digital strategy that you guys have launched into these markets or is it too early to tell? Or what are you guys seeing from the early results?
Andrew Cecere: It's just starting, Gerard. So we -- in fact, in the next month, we will have the first branch there and we'll -- the others are -- will come after that, so it's too early in the game to tell.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to the presenters for final remarks.
Jennifer Thompson: Thank you for listening to our earnings call this morning. Please contact the Investor Relations department if you have any follow-up questions.
Operator: This concludes the U.S. Bancorp's Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-17 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorps First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Andy Cecere, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Terry Dolan, U.S. Bancorps Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay, beginning today at approximately noon, Eastern Standard Time, through Wednesday April 24 at 12:00 midnight, Eastern Standard Time. Ill now turn the conference call over to Jenn Thompson, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Jenn Thompson: Thank you, Jeff, and good morning to everyone whos joined our call. Andy Cecere and Terry Dolan are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorps first quarter results and to answer your questions. Andy and Terry will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of the slide presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at usbank.com. Id like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during todays call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of todays presentation, in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. Ill now turn the call over to Andy.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Jenn, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. Following our prepared remarks, Terry and I will be taking your questions. Ill begin on Slide 3. In the first quarter, we reported earnings of $1 per share. The slide highlights a number of financial metrics, but at a high level, growth in net interest income and fee revenues were in line with our expectations, credit quality was stable, and we delivered positive operating leverage. Our balance sheet is strong and growing and we continue to see good account and volume momentum across our fee businesses, which is driving market share gains. Turning to capital management; our book value increased by 8.6% from a year ago. During the quarter, we returned 77% of our earnings to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. Slide 4 provides key performance metrics. In the first quarter, we delivered an 18.4% return on tangible common equity, and a 1.49% return on average assets. Now let me turn the call over to Terry, wholl provide more detail on the quarter as well as forward-looking guidance.
Terry Dolan: Thanks, Andy. If you turn to Slide 5, Ill start with the balance sheet review and follow up with the discussion of our first quarter earnings trends. Average loans grew 0.9% on a linked-quarter basis and increased 3.7% year-over-year, excluding the impact of the second quarter 2018 sale of our federally guaranteed student loan portfolio and the fourth quarter 2019 sale of FDIC covered loans that had reached the end of the loss coverage period. On the consumer side, we saw good growth in our residential mortgage, retail leasing and installment loan portfolio. Digital acquisition of customer accounts across platforms continues to be robust. Commercial loan growth accelerated in the first quarter, driven by M&A-related lending, slower pay down activity, partly due to timing. New business pipelines are healthy, although, pay down activity is likely to remain elevated and chop in near term. As expected, commercial real estate loans decreased on a sequential and year-over-year basis. This quarter, commercial real estate contributed a 40 basis point drag to linked-quarter average loan growth and an 80 basis point drag to year-over-year average loan growth. Given what we consider to be a still unfavorable risk reward dynamic in certain areas of commercial real estate lending, we expect pay down pressure, which has moderated from peak levels, but continue  but will continue to restrict growth in this portfolio. Turning to Slide 6, deposits increased 0.3% on a linked-quarter basis and 0.2% year-over-year. As previously discussed, balance migration related to the business merger of a large financial client continues to impact deposit growth on a year-over-year basis. This migration impact on deposits will continue to moderate through mid-year. Slide 7 indicates that credit quality was relatively stable in the first quarter. Nonperforming assets increased modestly versus the fourth quarter, but were lower by 16.5% compared to the first quarter of 2018. Slide 8 highlights first quarter earnings. We generated earnings by $1 per share in the first quarter of 2019 compared to earnings per share of $0.96 a year ago. Turning to Slide 9, net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis was lower by 1.4% compared to the fourth quarter, but increased 2.8% year-over-year, which was in line with our expectations. Both linked-quarter and year-over-year comparisons benefited from loan growth and interest rate hikes. As is typical in the first quarter, linked-quarter growth was negatively impacted by two fewer days. The first quarter of 2019 also experienced lower interest recoveries than the fourth quarter of 2018. Slide 10 highlights trends in noninterest income. On a year-over-year basis, we saw mid-single-digit growth in both merchant processing revenue and corporate payments products revenue, each driven by higher sales volumes. Credit card and debit card revenue declined by 6.2% from a year ago despite strong average account growth this quarter. There were fewer processing days in the first quarter of 2019 than in the first quarter of 2018, which created an approximate 500 basis point headwind to year-over-year revenue growth. Also a favorable change in accounting for prepaid revenue in the first quarter of 2018 negatively impacted the credit and debit card revenue growth rate by approximately 400 basis points on a year-over-year basis. The billing cycle impact is simply a timing issue within the full year of 2019 credit and debit card revenue. Both of these items are idiosyncratic our business. In the fourth quarter of 2018, we sold our third-party ATM servicing business. However, we continue to provide operational services during a transitional conversion period. Given the sale, we have combined ATM processing revenue with debit  deposit service charges for recording purposes. The transition services revenue associated with ATM business is included in other income. As a result, for the decline and deposit service charges in the first quarter was driven by the impact of the sale of our ATM business. The increase in other income was driven by the inclusion of the transition services revenue, which will decrease over time as well as higher tax credits indications and equity investment revenue. Lower mortgage banking revenue in the first quarter was primarily driven by relative changes in MSR valuations. However, mortgage origination revenue grew in the first quarter and application volume was up 10% from a year ago. We continue to expect growth in mortgage banking revenue for the full year of 2019. Decline in treasury management fees continues to reflect the impact of changes in earnings credits, which is typical in a rising rate environment. The beneficial revenue and impact of compensating balances, which is reflected in net interest income, more than offset the decline in treasury management revenue. Turning to Slide 11, the year-over-year increase in noninterest expense reflected higher compensation expense, primarily due to the higher  impact of hirings to support business growth. This was partially offset by a decrease in other expense, primarily reflecting lower costs related to tax advantage projects and lower FDIC assessment costs. Slide 12 highlights our capital position. At March 31, our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio estimated using the Basel 3 Standardized approach was 9.3%. This compares to our target of 8.5%. Ill now provide some forward-looking guidance. For the second quarter, we expect fully taxable equivalent net interest income to increase in the low single digits on a year-over-year basis. We expect fee revenue to increase in the low single digits year-over-year, including the negative impact of the sale of the ATM business. We expect to deliver positive operating leverage of 100 to 150 basis points for the full year of 2019, in line with our previous guidance. We continue to expect our taxable equivalent tax rate to be approximately 20% on a full year basis. Credit quality in the second quarter is expected to remain relatively stable compared with the first quarter. Loan loss provision expense growth will continue to be reflective of loan growth. Ill hand it back to Andy for closing remarks.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Terry. The start of the year is saving enough of cash we expected. The U.S. economy is healthy and supportive of growth and a credit quality environment is stable. Macro environment aside, we are confident in our ability to execute and win market share across our lending and fee businesses, supported by our scale, our skill and our risk management discipline. Success in the banking industry will increasingly depend on our ability and determination to adapt to the evolving demands of our customers. The investments were making in technology and innovation will play a critical role in our long-term success. And the payoff will be increasingly visible in the form of customer acquisition or retention as well as operational efficiency. One area weve been placing a lot of attention is our digital capabilities. We recently launched our newly developed mobile app, which incorporates improves sales functionality and enables a more seamless experience for our customers. Early, feedback from users has been very positive. If you turn to Slide 13, I want to share a few digital metrics we track. You can see from these slides that digital engagement with our customers is growing and an increasing percentage of transactions and lending activities are occurring outside of our physical locations. Particularly encouraging is the trend in digital loan sales. Approximately one-third of all loan sales are now completed digitally up from 25% a year ago. Mortgage lending and small business lending are early digital lending success stories. Currently, nearly 75% of all mortgage loans are completed digitally end-to-end, and that percentage is growing. This past September, we lost the fully digital lending solution for small businesses that can significantly reduce the customers time to credit decision and funding to in some cases, as short as one hour. Migration of sales and transactions to our digital platform will enhance customer experience, improve operational efficiency and enable expansion into existing markets, where we currently have customers, but little or no physical footprint. In closing, were off to a good start to the year and momentum is building across our businesses. Id like to thank our employees for their hard work and dedication throughout the year. That concludes our formal remarks. Well now open up the call to Q&A.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John McDonald with Autonomous Research. Your line is open.
John McDonald: Thank you. Andy and Terry, hi, good morning. I wanted to ask you guys about the operating leverage target for this year. You came in at the low end of the range, the 1 to 1.5 this quarter, but that included some pressure from the billing cycle processing days issue. So as you look ahead, do you have a bias towards the lower or the higher end of that 1 to 1.50 range? Or I guess, may be said differently, what kind of environment would get you at the lower end of the operating leverage target and what would it need to do to get to the higher end?
Terry Dolan: Yes, John. This is Terry. And I think that where we end up in the range will partly driven by what sort of revenue growth we see throughout the year. The extent that revenue growth picks up a little bit gives us the opportunity to be close to the higher end, but if its a challenging revenue environment, were more likely to be closer to that lower end of the range, I think were just going to continue to manage to and make decisions based upon both short-term and long-term sort of objectives of the company.
John McDonald: Okay. And whats the right level of expense growth for USB in this kind of environment? You have got a little less pressure from compliance spend and some relief there, but on the other hand, youre stepping up investments and youre getting a little help from FDICs surcharge roll off. How should we think about our expenses? And what you think about this year? And whats kind of a good target for you guys?
Andy Cecere: Hi, John. This is Andy. Yes, youre right about both of these items. The pressure on compliance cost is eased as well as were getting some benefit from FDIC. We will continue to make technology investments for all the digital capabilities that I referred to in my comments. I think another important factor is what the lifting of the consent order. We have a lot more flexibility and physical asset optimization. So I think the other lever that youre going to see us utilized is branch optimization, which over the next couple of years, I would expect 10% to 15% reduction in our actual physical account of branches. Were going to open up some in places, were going to be remodeling and changing the footprint, but the net of it will be down 10% to 15%.
John McDonald: Okay. And then just one follow-up on the operating leverage. Is there any cadence or seasonality to kind of the operating leverage and did that billing issue with the processing days hurt you in the first quarter and keep you at the lower end? Thanks.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So from a seasonality standpoint, certainly the impact of the credit card revenue growth did end up impacting it. But as probably narrows just a little bit midyear and then tends to expand in the fourth quarter, its fairly consistent through the year.
Andy Cecere: Thats right, Terry. Typically over the past many years, I think our strongest and weakest quarters just in terms of principally driven by revenue seasonality, a lot of its the payment businesses, but a lot of businesses, three, four, two, one strongest to weakest.
John McDonald: Okay. But in terms of year-over-year operating leverage that doesnt necessarily apply, thatll depend on the environment more so whether you get up to that 1.5?
Terry Dolan: Yes, on the revenue environment, right.
Andy Cecere: Yes, where the revenue grows because some of its variable expense.
John McDonald: Okay. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Youre welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore. Your line is open.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Andy Cecere: Hi, John.
Terry Dolan: Hey, John.
John Pancari: On the margin side, first on the  actually more specifically around deposits, we saw pretty good decline in the non-interest-bearing in the quarter. Can you give us a little bit more color around the driver of that and if you expect a continued shift at that pace into interest-bearing? I want to get your thoughts on that first.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So theres certainly continues to be some migration to interest-bearing sort of deposits by our customers. Were seeing it mostly on the wholesale side as well as a little bit on the trust side. And thats a function of them looking for higher yield. Its also a function as earnings credit rates have come up with rising rates just more excess deposits that they have the opportunity to be able to shift. I do think that that moderates a bit simply because with short-term rates kind of on hold, theres going to be a lot of less pressure on earnings credit rates and then that is going to not reduced, but at least lower the increase of the any excess deposits. So, I do expect it to moderate a bit.
John Pancari: Okay. So how would that play into your margin outlook here, as you saw about a bit of expansion in this quarter. Is it fair to assume relatively stable despite that continue to flow into interest bearing but with the expected abatement? Thanks.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So as saw, our net interest margin was up a one basis point on a linked-quarter basis. Given the current rate environment, my expectations from a deposit standpoint is that deposit base will compare, the pricing will continue to creep up a little bit. It will be more driven by the loan growth than, where that loan growth is occurring. Our expectation is really no rate hikes for the rest of the year, that the yield curve stays relatively flat. And given that environment, our outlook for the rest of the year is a fairly flat net interest margin. And then the other thing I would just point out is that there is a little bit of seasonality for us because of our credit card portfolio. In the second quarter, its usually flat to down a little bit one basis point or two. So just kind of expect that in the second quarter, but for the full year and through the rest of the year, we pretty much expect it to be flat.
John Pancari: Got it. All right. Thanks, Terry.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erika Najarian with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Erika Najarian: Hi, Good morning.
Terry Dolan: Good morning, Erica.
Erika Najarian: I just wanted to follow-up on Johns question on positive operating leverage. Just wanted to be clear because I think theres a little bit of confusion how the market interpreted your comments on the previous call. So in the environment were both NII and fees are going low single-digits, can we assume that expenses will be flat to up 1% if thats the revenue environment that we are in? Im just trying to make sure were interpreting it correctly.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Erika, we clearly dont understand the revenue environment that were in right now. And were looking at every opportunity to be able to manage our expenses down. So I think your expectation is right that were going to be very prudent with respect to our spending. We look at -- from a leverage standpoint, Andy talked a total bit about physical optimization youre looking at any discretionary spending. You remember from the fourth quarter, we went through kind of an organizational redesign that will have some benefits to us throughout this year and also in the first quarter with the Tim Welsh taking over our consumer banking business. That gives us the opportunity to kind of look at the organizational design structure. So its little whole variety of different things. And then if you remember FDIC surcharge going the way giving us some flexibility in order to be able to get there. So, I think there are number of different levers, but it is challenging, but were going to end up having to manage in that environment and thats our expectation.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Perfect. And underneath your outlook for flat net interest margin, youve often talked to us about the concept of terminal betas especially on the commercial side. In the environment of no Fed rate hikes, what kind of flexibility do you have on your pricing? And if you could, because weve done so well in the past, give us a sense of how you think pricing will trend on the commercial side versus the retail side?
Terry Dolan: Yes. I think that given the right environment without rate hikes, again, I think, the deposit pricing and how that changes will be a function of what sort of loan growth you see and the need to -- and the competition you have with respect to deposits in that situation. I do expect that on the wholesale trust side, there is still going to be -- continue to be some pressure, but I do believe that, that alleviates itself quite a bit. The other thing is that, if you end of  looking at our deposit growth, were seeing the deposit growth in terms of consumer balances, and as you know, the pricing flexibility on that site is a little bit better.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Sandler ONeill. Your line is open.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question.
Terry Dolan: Moring, Scott.
Scott Siefers: Terry. I was just wondering if you could spend just a second digging into your loan growth outlook. I guess, my understanding was sort of the 1Q would be sort of seasonally weaker and then maybe things accelerate a bit from there. But in your prepared remarks, youve mentioned, the pay down pressure and particularly on the CRE side a couple of times. So just curious for any updated thoughts you might have on the overall loan growth trajectory?
Terry Dolan: Yes. So when we end up looking at the loan growth. I think, its hard to look also too far. Certainly when we think about the second quarter, our expectations is that loans will grow kind of in line with a linked-quarter growth that we saw in the first quarter. But may be let me give a little bit of context in terms of some of the dynamics. The middle market loan growth was stronger in the first quarter, on a linked-quarter basis, it was up about a 1.3%, and year-over-year, its closer to about 5%. So we saw a nice growth in the middle market space. We saw a good growth with respect to our auto lending. It was a little bit less price competitive during the first quarter, and we kind of expect that to continue. Residential mortgages are -- our mortgage volume was a strong in the first quarter and so we continue to believe thats going to be a positive thing. C&I, in general, was good. I mean, I think the economy is solid, our C&I pipelines are strong at this particular point in time and businesses continue to spend and makes some business investment. And so I think there is a lot of different factors that would suggest that sort of growth will continue. I think therere two things in terms of overall total loans that created a bit of a drag. We talked little bit about our Commercial Real Estate portfolio, and our expectation is that will continue to slowly -- to continue to be a bit of a drag throughout the rest of the year just based upon where were at in the business cycle. And then within C&I kind of buried there is tax exempt loans. And when the tax rates change for a corporates coming down, but individuals staying pretty high, the appetite I guess what where the opportunity build to grow tax exempt in the corporate size equation or a banking size equation is a little bit more challenging. So that on a linked-quarter basis in the first quarter was about 20 basis points drag for us. So it is kind of a number of puts and takes, but overall, we feel good about where the economy is and where our businesses are spending.
Scott Siefers: Okay. Perfect, thats a good color. I appreciate that. And then if I could, one more  take that one, just maybe your other fee income, I think there was kind of not too long ago where you were doing about $250 million a quarter. That be definitely a big outsized quarter, but more recently, its kind of crapped up there kind of steadily, consistently been in sort of a $225 million to $250 million range. If you look at $247 million this quarter, is that a pretty good base to go off of or was there anything volatile or unusual in there?
Terry Dolan: Yes. Thats a little bit of lumpy in terms of other revenue. Probably the guidance that I would end up giving you is that, through the rest of the year, we would expect the range to be somewhere between $175 million to $225 million on the quarterly basis. So if youre modeling kind of in between there, I think thats a good estimate.
Scott Siefers: All right. Thats perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Ken Usdin: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Andy, I dont know if youve spoken since the up mergers of equals transactions we got last quarter. And I think we all know where you have stood as far as the current strategic imperatives of work on the digital strategy consolidate some of the branches. Just wondering as where you stand on your view of our U.S. banks size and scale? And how you think if any differently just about either the need or desire to think about Bank M&A down the road even, if not today, but just from a bigger picture strategic point?
Andy Cecere: Sure, Ken. First, let me say we consider all options for growth and we look at anything that is available and/or any strategic initiative that would be sensible for our company. But I will tell you, I think our near-term focus will likely be on the fee businesses, the working processing to trust businesses that were focusing on. We have a lot of momentum across our digital activities, you have a lot more flexibility and now that were out of the consent order, were making a lot of progress across all of our business plans, and I feel very comfortable with where we are today.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And then two just small ones. First, on the card spending rate of growth slowing, I know part was a billing cycle, but just can you just talk to us about what of it is just the underlying in terms of any changes youre just seeing or feeling in terms of just the consumer? That was the first one. The second one was just, commercial loans are up a lot sequentially about 30 basis points, Im just wondering what was underneath that increase? Thanks guys.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So maybe on the consumer spend, again we talked about the fewer processing days necessarily was an impact. But one of the thing that we saw kind of post holiday is that consumer spend did drop pretty dramatically, came back in January, a little stronger in February and it is kind of that 4% year-over-year growth rate in March. Our expectation on a full year basis is that, that will continue to get stronger kind of in that 5% to 6% sort of range in terms of continuing to accelerate from a sales standpoint. From a revenue perspective, I think that, again, its going to continue to get stronger in the second and third quarter. Well recapture some of those processing days. But our expectation for our credit and debit card revenue for the full year, given the impact of the first quarter, is really low single-digits at this particular point in time.
Andy Cecere: And, Terry, that first quarter, it was the period government shut down, there was some turbulence in equity market, there was weather impacts across our geographies sales, those things and all passed us right now, thats why we look more confident and what more.
Terry Dolan: Yes, it is hard to identified any single or anyone of those things. But I think every one of them had some impact in the early part of the first quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Betsy Graseck: Hi, good morning.
Terry Dolan: Hi, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: Recently, youve announced the hiring of a new Chief Digital Officer, Derek White, and I just wanted to understand what your expectation is for how Derek is going to be impacting our U.S. Bancorp? Hes a pretty senior higher, I know you did a whole revamp of our mobile platform, so Im wondering whats left?
Andy Cecere: There is a lot left. So we have a lot of activity going on from the digital perspective. We have a 20 agile studios in growing. We have just developed a new app and were to continue to enhance and we continue to improve that. We have real-time payments thats impacting the consumer side of the equation as well as the wholesale, and ultimately, payments. We have AI going on. We have block chain. We have initiatives across all the business lines focused on digital activities and Dereks goal will be to really bring that altogether into a common U.S. bank sort of vision and theme, so that were really optimizing with their customers across all business lines and really leveraging capabilities across our all of our business lines for the benefit of the customer. So were excited to have Derek on board. He has great capabilities, a great background, and I think hes going to fit in the team perfectly.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. So its beyond consumer and also in areas like B2B?
Andy Cecere: Yes. It is.
Terry Dolan: Yes. I think one of the other things that kind of ties into that is continuing to enhance and to improve our anti-digital marketing sort of capabilities into that all digital strategy, data analytics and a lot of those other things that will help drive growth in the future.
Betsy Graseck: And when we think about the impact on the P&L, the improvement in digital and improvement in real-time is, obviously, very positive for clients. Does it -- how does it impact your P&L? Is it neutral? Do you give up slowed, but get back volume? Im just trying to think through how you think about the ROIC and all of this?
Andy Cecere: Yes, Betsy, as I think about this, I think these enhancements to both revenue and expense. Because from a revenue standpoint, I think, it is going to allow for additional customer acquisition as well as retention, building the customer from a centrality standpoint. On the expense side of the equation , I think, it offers operational efficiencies. If you think about check processing, carrier cost and things of all those source of things, overtime, I think, it will offer benefits on both sides.
Betsy Graseck: And the flows give up really is in that bigger deal?
Andy Cecere: No the flow  theres positive and negative with that. And I think the negative is not going to be that material.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the Vivek Juneja with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Vivek.
Vivek Juneja: Good morning. A couple of questions for you. One is, did I cash this correctly the prepaid cards, the accounting change in the first quarter of 2018 that benefited by 400 basis points or did I miss to hear that?
Terry Dolan: Yes, the impact was favorable a year ago. So it actually had a negative impact to the growth rate this year of about 400 basis points. If you think about were down 6.2%, there was a 500 basis point drag where I did three fewer processing days, 400 basis points drag related to the accounting change, and then the drag associated with the consumer spend dynamics that we saw early in the first quarter.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. And that favorable accounting change, Terry, did that benefit all of 2018 then or is this something that reversed in the rest of 2018? How did it play out?
Terry Dolan: No, it was a onetime item in the first quarter of 2018, so it was one time. So it wont impact anything related to our future quarters from a comparison standpoint.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. Got It. And this 500 basis point fuel processing days that should completely reversal with the course of the next quarter or is it take multiple quarters to do that?
Terry Dolan: Yes, it is not necessarily in the second quarter. We would expect it to reverse principally in the third quarter. By year-over-year basis, 2019 versus 2018 theyre actually two fewer processing days in total. So were going to get some of it back, but not all of them this year.
Vivek Juneja: Yes, okay. Okay, great. Thank you.
Terry Dolan: You bet.
Andy Cecere: Thanks for that.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Kevin Barker with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Kevin Barker: Good morning. I just want to follow up on some of the comments you made about commercial real estate, is it feels like there is a distinct shift here as we go into 2019 versus the outlook for the competitive environment that we saw on the latter half of 2018. You mentioned in where we are in the business cycle in some of your remarks, I am just wanted to get a little more color on where youre seeing either outsized competition now or maybe some softness in certain parts of the commercial real estate market.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So were certainly seen, I think with respect to the capital markets with rates coming down we saw, I think, opportunity for some of that project financing to be refinanced in the first quarter. I think thats part of it. Were also seeing insurance companies, pension plans that have been a little more active with respect to taking out construction lending and providing the permanent financing maybe then what we have seen in the past. Fourth quarter was a little bit of an anomaly for us, because the first quarter kind of got  some of the first quarter activity got pulled forward into the fourth order. But when we think about commercial real estate, going through the rest of the year the type of pay down activity, I think we expect it to continue. So, the coin in the portfolio is probably going to be fairly consistent through the year. In terms of type of product, in terms of where were seeing it, I just really kind of across the board in terms of all the different areas, but its really from construction to that permanent financing stage. And part of that is, were at this particular point in the business cycle, were just not willing to extend out terms and go deeper with respect to commercial real estate at this particular point in time.
Andy Cecere:
lower funding cost in the spots in the curve:
Terry Dolan: Yes.
Andy Cecere: That we typically would go.
Terry Dolan: Yes.
Kevin Barker: Okay. Thats helpful. And then to follow up on some of the comments around in the mobile strategy, you introduced the small business mobile app and from the lending you did last year. Can you just give an update on the progress that youve seen from that rollout, what the growth looks like and what it has done incrementally to your overall loan growth.
Andy Cecere: Yeah. So we spent a  I mentioned the agile teams, that was a great example of the agile team coming together in a matter of months to develop a product that allowed for funding and what was typically days or weeks to hours. And its in early innings of the project, but its been very favorable in terms of offering customers convenient choice. Your questions before the approval process to get them approved, funding much more rapidly and its all part of the mobile app activity that we talked about that allows for just a more convenient, simple or set of navigation options and also sales and information. So its part of a larger strategy. And also I want to highlight that the mobile app that we are introducing out its just phase one. It will continue to be updated and enhanced and youll see more and more of these capabilities. I also mentioned in my prepared remarks that currently 75% of our mortgage apps are now done in a digital fashion end-to-end which is a huge improvement and a great convenience from a customer standpoint.
Terry Dolan: And I think that is one of the drivers in terms of why we are seeing application really stronger, and its one of the reasons why we feel pretty bullish on mortgage origination through the rest of the year.
Kevin Barker: Okay. Thank you Andy and thank you Terry.
Andrew Cecere: Yes.
Terry Dolan: Thanks, Kevin.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Saul Martinez with UBS. Your line is open.
Saul Martinez: Hey, good morning guys. A couple of questions, sort of granular questions. First on your deposit service charges of $217 million. Obviously, its not comparable to the prior quarters because of the ATM processing, the ATM sale  business sale, which had been consolidated in prior quarters. And I think it was in there one month in the fourth quarter, but my understanding is that not all of that goes away. So how do I think about the $217 million on a like-for-like basis versus previous quarters versus the fourth quarter and the first quarter. I think they were doing like $45 million a quarter, but what kind of adjustments do we need to make to the prior quarters to get more of an apples to apples comparison?
Terry Dolan: Yes, the ATM business was sold of mid fourth quarter. So the change and deposit service charges fourth, excuse me, first quarter to first quarter is a pretty good metric or indicator with respect to the type of impact that it will have on deposit service charges going forward. And I think thats probably the best way of kind of thinking about it.
Saul Martinez: Okay. So, sorry. So the best ways to sort of look at the year-on-year Delta versus where it was in the first quarter of 2018.
Terry Dolan: So the Delta was about $44 million, $45 million, I think the Delta is a pretty good metric.
Saul Martinez: Okay. So its a about $40 million to $45 million. So not all of it goes away from what you previously were posting in that ATM processing services line, which was like $80 million to $90 million a quarter.
Terry Dolan: Thats right. Because it included in that was third party service provider fees as well as that branded ATM fees.
Saul Martinez: Got it. And then on your C&I loan yields, it tipped up quite a bit this quarter. They were up like 30, almost 30 basis points, I think 29 basis points, which is fairly high even in a quarter where you have a hike and LIBOR obviously moved up. The average LIBORmoved up less than in prior quarters, if anything unusual in that tick up and commercial loan yields that we should be aware of or it seems like a pretty big increase.
Terry Dolan: Yes, typically I think you would expect to see about maybe 60% of the rate hike that would be probably more normal, so maybe in that 20 basis points. The rest of it is really kind of driven by the mix of the growth in the portfolio. So its really more of a mix issue.
Saul Martinez: Okay. So you get some rate hike and then youre benefiting obviously I guess from the mix as well.
Terry Dolan: Exactly. Yes.
Saul Martinez: All right. Okay. Got It. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Mike Mayo: Hi, can you hear me?
Terry Dolan: Yes, Mike.
Andy Cecere: Yes, Mike.
Mike Mayo: Great, so I know Betsy asked one question about Derek White, I guess comes from BBVA, which is considered one of the leaders in digital banking. Thats a pretty big higher. So what metrics should we on the outside look to see if the digital banking effort will be successful? Say in one, two or three years, is it percentage of customers that are engaged digitally? Is it customer satisfaction? What would be your metrics for success for whatever Derek White will be doing there?
Andy Cecere: Thanks Mike. And it is all those things, its digital engagement. Its going to be sales activity and be as a digital platform. Its going to be customer activity via digital platform and were going to share more of those with you on this call and in our quarterly earnings and starting with what we did today because it is something were very focused on from a company perspective and because were focused on, I want to make sure youre aware of it.
Mike Mayo: And you were  I think pretty recently said you might be going out of footprint with some digital banking efforts, kind of joining in on the national digital banking wars, so to speak. Thats my term, not yours. But it does seem like everyones doing that around the same time. How does this hiring impact your plans to go out of market for more retail customers?
Andy Cecere: That is still our plan. And as a reminder, we have a number of customers outside of our 25 states that are either credit card, mortgage or on loan customers. We also have large employee bases. And I think what were focused on is expanding and what Ill call it digital light strategy, branch light strategy, digital first strategy, which is with a few branches with this digital capability that were talking about and encompassing the current customer base and becoming a more full bank experience for those customers.
Mike Mayo: And then one short follow-up by last one. Youve been around a long time, the industry and the business, its just we havent found too many examples of cross selling to a credit card company. A lot of other say deposit and other products. You are changing a single product customer, whether its in credit cards or auto and making them a full relationship customer. So why is now different? Or maybe theres examples that you see that I dont.
Terry Dolan: Yes, a fair question, Mike. I think whats changed over the past few years is the capabilities that you can do from a digital platform. So historically, you really need a physical presence to expand the customer relationship. And if you didnt have a branch in that location or many branches, the density of branches, you werent able to really extend the relationship. I think with the capabilities today, the two thirds of transactions happen on a mobile device. The fact that 70% of our customers use the digital platform, all those facts allow you to enter a market with this branch light concept with a digital platform that is different from a few years ago. And I think thats the major change.
Mike Mayo: All right, thank you.
Andy Cecere: Yeah. I think the other thing that I would add is that I think a big part of the digital world is the experiential aspect associated with it. And if you think about Millennials and Gen Z et cetera, being much more digitally attempt, and I think that  as that continues to occur, its going to continue to create that opportunity.
Mike Mayo: Thanks again.
Andy Cecere: Thanks Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Your lines is open.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you, good morning. Andy and Terry, how are you?
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Gerard.
Terry Dolan: Doing well.
Gerard Cassidy: Could you guys share with us, obviously credit quality is very strong throughout the industry and for you folks as well, are there any issues on the horizon that youre keeping your eye on that we should be aware of just as a general trend on credit and then also as you answered that question, can you think about also your exposure to retail malls in the stuff thats increased activity and retailers shutting down stores and maybe there might be some pressure in that type of portfolio down the road?
Terry Dolan: Yeah, good question. Certainly with respect to our portfolio, theres nothing really on the horizon that were too concerned about as you know that our portfolio is principally prime based and thats true across all of our consumer sort of product and on the commercial side of the equation typically is an investment grade, high investment grade type of customers that we do business with. So I dont think there is a particular areas that we have that it stands out as a concern for us, certainly in commercial real estate. And one of the reasons why were not extending terms and those sorts of things is just that at this particular point in the business cycle, we think its prudent just to continue to hold our own as opposed to expand and grow. And then maybe coming back to your question with respect to retail malls, it  I think that will continue to be an area of pressure if you think about the industry. But for us, the exposure I believe is less than $250 million. So it just isnt a big exposure for us at this particular point in time.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then shifting to deposit betas back in 1994, 1995, Chairman Greenspan shifted his policy and interest rates from raising rates to cutting rates within six months in 1995. If Chairman Paul decides to cut fed fund rates this fall and some futures markets are suggesting he might do that. How quickly would your deposit betas start to fall following the Fed reducing short end rates?
Terry Dolan: As soon as the rate starts moving down, we and I think the industry would be fairly proactive in terms of bringing deposit pricing down along with it.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. Thank you.
Terry Dolan: Yeah. Thanks, Gerard.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Jenn Thompson for closing remarks.
Jenn Thompson: Thank you all for listening to our earnings call. Please contact the Investor Relations department if you have any follow-up questions.
Operator: This concludes the U.S. Bancorps first quarter 2019 earnings conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-16 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorp's Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Andy Cecere, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Terry Dolan, U.S. Bancorp's Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. This call will be recorded and available for replay, beginning today at approximately noon, Eastern Standard Time, through Wednesday 23 at 12:00 midnight, Eastern Standard Time. I'll now turn the conference call over to Jenn Thompson of Investor Relations of U.S. Bancorp.
Jenn Thompson: Thank you, Kirk, and good morning to everyone who's joined our call. Andy Cecere and Terry Dolan are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorp's fourth quarter results and to answer your questions. Andy and Terry will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of the slide presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at usbank.com. I'd like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of today's presentation, in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I'll now turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks, Jen, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. Following our prepared remarks, Terry and I will open the call up to Q&A. I'll begin on Slide 3, which provides financial highlights for the fourth quarter. We reported earnings per share of a $1.10, which includes $0.03 per share of notable items, which Terry will discuss in more detail in a few moments. Excluding these notable items, we reported earnings per share of a $1.07 for the quarter. Loan growth accelerated in the fourth quarter driven by strength across our consumer and commercial loan portfolios. The income improvement was supported by growth in new customer accounts and expanding client relationships. Strong payments revenue growth reflected higher sales volume across the board in retail card, corporate payments, and merchant acquiring. We also saw good business growth in trust and investment management, which offset the impact of unfavorable market conditions. In summary, loan growth and fee revenue trends remain healthy. As expected, we delivered positive operating leverage on a core basis in both the fourth quarter and for the full year 2018. Credit quality was stable, and our book value increased by 6.3% from a year ago. During the quarter, we returned 80% of our earnings to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. Slide 4 provides key performance metrics. We delivered a 20.2% return on tangible common equity in the fourth quarter. We also saw year-over-year improvement in our efficiency ratio, return on average assets, and our return on average common equity. Now, let me turn the call over to Terry who will provide more detail on the quarter as well as forward-looking guidance.
Terrance Dolan: Thanks Andy and good morning. If you turn to Slide 5, I'll start with the balance sheet review and follow up with the discussion of fourth quarter earnings trends. Average loans grew 1.5% on a linked quarter basis and increased 2.6% year-over-year, excluding the impact of the fourth quarter of 2018 sale of the majority of our FDIC covered loans that had reached the end of the loss coverage period. On the consumer side, we saw continued strength in residential mortgage, credit card, and retail leasing. Credit card loan growth was supported by expansion in both the number of active accounts and sales per active accounts, as well as seasonal sales activity. Digital acquisition of customer accounts across platforms continues to be robust. As expected, commercial loan growth accelerated and pipelines are strong. Fourth quarter growth was supported by strong M&A financing activity in our corporate banking business line. Paydowns continued to be a headwind to balance growth, however, the pace of the paydowns continues to moderate. Commercial real estate loans increased on a linked quarter basis, although they declined versus a year ago. Linked quarter growth was partly due to the timing of closings in the third and fourth quarter, which helped average balance comparisons. Also, during the last several months, the competitive environment has shifted a bit providing more lending opportunities that meet our disciplined underwriting criteria. Turning to Slide 6, deposits increased 1.3% on a linked quarter basis. As expected, deposits declined on a year-over-year basis reflecting the previously discussed balance migration related to the business merger of a large financial client. This migration impact on deposits continues to moderate. Slide 7 indicates that credit quality was relatively stable in the fourth quarter. Notably, our non-performing assets declined 1.5% compared with the third quarter and decreased 17.6% compared to the fourth quarter of 2017. Turning to Slide 8, you'll see highlights of fourth quarter earnings results. We reported earnings per share of $1.10, which included several notable items amounting to $0.03 per share. Slide 9 lists notable items that affected earnings for the fourth quarter of 2018. Fourth quarter 2018 notable items included a gain from the sale of our ATM servicing business and the sale of majority of the company's covered loans as well as charges related to severance, asset impairments, and accrual for certain legal matters. The company also had a favorable impact to deferred tax assets and liabilities related to changes in estimates from tax reform. As a reminder, we recognized several notable items during the fourth quarter of 2017, including $825 million of expenses related to settlement of regulatory matters, a special employee bonus, and a contribution to the company's charitable foundation. Along with the tax impact of revalue and deferred tax assets and liabilities related to the enactment of the tax reform bill, the net impact of notable items in 2017 was $0.09 per common share. My remarks throughout the remainder of this call will be referencing results excluding notable items incurred in the fourth quarter of 2018 and 2017. On Slide 10, linked quarter and year-over-year net interest income growth was supported by higher interest rates and earning assets growth, which was partially offset by higher deposit costs and a shift in funding mix. In the fourth quarter, net interest margin was 3.15%, flat with the third quarter of 2018, but up 4 basis points compared with a year ago. Slide 11 highlights trends in non-interest income. On a year-over-year basis, we saw strong growth in payments revenue and trust and investment management revenue, partly offset by a decrease in mortgage banking revenue and treasury management fees. Lower ATM processing servicing fees reflected the sale of the company's ATM servicing business in the fourth quarter of 2018. In 2019, ATM processing servicing revenues will decline by approximately $150 million and the pre-tax income will decline by approximately $70 million as we continue to provide operational services during a transitional conversion period. Lower mortgage banking revenue reflected the continued, but moderating declines in the industry refinancing activity. Mortgage gain on sale margin was relatively stable in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter. The decline in treasury management fees reflects the impact of changes in earnings credits, which typically -- which is typical in a rising rate environment. The beneficial revenue impact of compensating balances reflected in net interest income more than offset the decline in treasury management revenue. Turning to our payments business, we had double-digit growth in credit and debit card revenue and corporate payment products revenue, each supported by higher sales volumes. During the fourth quarter, the federal government completed its renegotiation of certain payment services. While we expanded our market share of future government spend, the business margins will compress in the next few quarters. Additionally, we expect commercial spending volume growth to moderate in 2019. As such, we expect mid single-digit growth in corporate payments products revenue next year. Strong merchant acquiring sales volume growth drove mid single-digit revenue growth in the fourth quarter in line with our expectations. Trust and investment management fee growth was primarily driven by business growth, offset somewhat by unfavorable market conditions late in the quarter. Turning to Slide 12, the year-over-year increase in non-interest expense reflected higher compensation expense, primarily due to the impact of hiring to support business growth and compliance programs and a higher variable compensation related to business production. This was partially offset by lower costs related to tax advantage projects and lower FDIC assessment costs. Slide 13 highlights our capital position. At December 31st, Our common equity tier 1 capital ratio estimated using the Basel III standardized approach was 9.1%. This compares to our target of 8.5%. I'll now provide some forward looking guidance. For the first quarter, we expect fully taxable equivalent net interest income to increase in the low single-digits on a year-over-year basis. Net interest income is typically lower in the first quarter of each year due to the impact of day accounts and that will be the case again this year. Additionally in the first quarter, year-over-year net interest income growth will be negatively impacted by the sale of the acquired loan portfolio yield curve. We expect fee revenue to increase in the low single-digits year-over-year, including the negative impact of the sale of the ATM business. We expect to deliver positive operating leverage on a core basis for the full year of 2019, in line with our previous guidance. During the fourth quarter of 2018, the provision for income taxes resulted in a taxable equivalent tax rate of 14.6% or 20.1% excluding the notable item from changes in estimates related to deferred tax assets and liabilities. In the quarter and for the full year of 2019, we expect our taxable equivalent tax rate to be in the range of 20% to 21%. We expect first quarter credit quality to remain relatively stable compared to the fourth quarter. I'll hand it back to Andy for closing remarks.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks, Terry. As expected, our financial performance gained momentum in the second half of 2018. Long growth accelerated and our key businesses benefited from new strong sales activity and the expansion of existing customer relationships. The economy is strong and resilient and the credit environment continues to be stable. However, we are mindful and we manage this company for the long-term and we are mindful of the cyclical nature of the banking business. Disciplined credit underwriting is the hallmark of this company and one that has differentiated our credit performance over the entire business cycle. We continue to be very focused on generating high quality credit asset growth. In the fourth quarter, the OCC terminated its 2015 consent order, following several years of significant investment to improve our Anti-Money Laundering and Bank Secrecy Act programs and controls. The exit will give us more flexibility to optimize our existing branch network and to selectively expand into new markets with a digitally led branch-like strategy. While technology and innovation investments, such as digital, data analytics and real-time payment capabilities remains a priority for us, we will continue to manage expenses for whatever revenue environment we are operating in. We expect to deliver positive operating leverage on a core basis in the range of a 100 basis points to a 150 basis points for the full year 2019. In closing, I'm pleased with results we reported this morning, and I'm confident that we will continue to build on the momentum we are seeing across our businesses. I'd like to thank all our employees for their hard work throughout the year and for their commitment to serving our customers with the expertise and integrity they have come to expect from us. That concludes our formal remarks. We'll now open up the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Ken Usdin from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Ken Usdin: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Can I ask you to elaborate a little bit more on your outlook for just the loan side, understanding the -- excluding the covered loan sale at a pretty good clip, how would you just walk us through just what you're seeing out there in the crowd? You talked about the improving on the commercial side and reasonable pipelines, but just the nature of the loan growth that you're seeing in those pipelines. So do you expected to be able to improve from here or do you expect that this is about again the same type of growth that we've seen for a bit?
Terrance Dolan: Yeah. Ken, this is Terry. So I would say that when we look at the economy, GDP continues to be strong, unemployment is low, consumer confidence continues to be strong and we see that in the consumer spend numbers that we have in our payments business. On the commercial C&I side, the pipelines at the end of the year continue to be pretty strong. Fourth quarter activity was driven, to some extent, by M&A activities, but we see that continuing into the first quarter. Again, customer spending was generally pretty strong. The other thing that I would say is that if you end up looking at kind of the mix of business, we saw pretty good growth across all the different categories. The one thing that I would point out is that commercial real estate was actually up this quarter. That was principally due to the timing of some third quarter deals moving into the fourth quarter and some acceleration I think from first to fourth. If you look at ending loan balances within commercial real estate, in fact were down a little bit. And when we think about the first quarter, we expect commercial real estate to be flat to down similar to what it's been in the past. So generally, pretty optimistic with respect to what our outlook of loan growth is. Andy?
Andrew Cecere: I agree. And the only thing I would add to what Terry said is the first quarter is seasonally typically a little lower just in terms of activity, but we've seen strength throughout the year. We were at 0.3, 0.9, 1.5 the last three quarters and I think that's reflective of what we're seeing from a pipeline and from an economic standpoint.
Ken Usdin: Got it. And then just on the flip side, just -- loans have been growing faster than deposits, you still had pretty good underlying deposit growth. Is that a dynamic that we should continue to expect where the loan growth would likely be still ahead of the deposit growth?
Terrance Dolan: Yeah. With respect to deposit growth, just kind of breaking it down a little bit, we saw -- we continue to see good deposit growth with respect to our consumer or retail business. In fourth quarter, our wholesale deposits were up on a linked quarter basis, which is good. At this particular point in the cycle, if we do see loan growth the way that we saw it in the fourth quarter, it would outpace probably deposit growth a little bit.
Ken Usdin: Okay. All right. Understood. I'll leave it at that.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks Ken.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John McDonald from Bernstein. Your line is open.
Andrew Cecere: Hey, John.
John McDonald: Hi, good morning. Good morning.
Andrew Cecere: Good morning, John.
John McDonald: Wanted to talk a little bit about the plans for a positive operating leverage. You're planning for an increase to the 1 to 1.5 range in 2019. And this quarter looks like you came in even above that range or so, 180 basis points or so after adjustment. So Im just wondering, how you think about the puts and takes to delivering on that positive operating leverage for this year? What should we keep in mind? And what could push you to the high end of that 1 to 1.5 range?
Terrance Dolan: Yeah. Well, definitely, our focus is on positive operating leverage. The fourth quarter always tends to be stronger because of -- and this year particularly because of tax credit amortization on a year-over-year basis was lower and that is really tied to the enactment of the tax reform bill. The amount of deliverables of deal closings with respect to tax credits just needed to be less and that favorably impacted this year and the fourth quarter. As we certainly think about going into next year, I think there's just a number of different things that are moving in the right direction, and all the mortgage related costs continue to come down. I think that we -- if you remember in November, we had kind of a reorganization redesign, where we looked at management spans and layers and just a number of levers like that that we are using to kind of set us up for our success next year. Andy?
Andrew Cecere: You know what I'd add, John, is we're going to continue to invest in all the initiatives we talked about the digital, the payments, the data analytics and so forth, so that'll be a continued investment. At the same time, I think exiting the consent order gives us more flexibility in our physical asset optimization, so I think you're going to see us being more proactive in terms of optimizing our branch network, which will offer us expense opportunities. So those are the big -- two big puts and takes from the perspective of a high level.
John McDonald: Okay. And just I guess as broad comparison, how should we think about expense growth in '19 relative to what we saw in 2018, particularly with the FDIC surcharge rolling off as a bit of a tailwind?
Terrance Dolan: Yeah. I think that it's probably going to be in line with the expense growth that we saw kind of on a full year basis with probably a small amount of improvement from there.
John McDonald: Okay. Just expenses in 2019 versus '18...
Terrance Dolan: Yeah. On a quarter-on-quarter basis.
John McDonald: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Terrance Dolan: Thanks, John.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Erika Najarian: Yes. Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. I wanted to ask a little bit more about the funding mix dynamics. I think the market is starting to assume that the fed will be on a long pause after this December rate hike. And I'm wondering, how we should think about whether or not the mix shift will continue? And how many quarters until after the fed stops raising rates? Do you typically see a drop off in deposit repricing?
Terrance Dolan: Yeah. So I guess, if you're looking at rate hikes under the yield curve kind of where it is, I would expect that the real driver with respect to deposit mix and pricing as also where that is going to be both competition in the market and that competition is going to be based upon what sort of loan growth we see. So I think you end up having to kind of look at both sides of the balance sheet to kind of figure out what sort of dynamics you're going to have with respect to deposit flows. Once the fed stops moving rates, I think you start to see stabilization with respect to deposit betas, for the most part with the exception of the penny pressure you have from a competitive standpoint to fund loans. And then kind of coming back to your question, if rates start to move down, we typically move deposit rates fairly quickly because the betas associated with things like corporate trust and wholesale are -- tend to be higher.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And just to confirm, a very strong message on the positive operating leverage for full year 2019. If the revenue environment is a little bit short of expectation, we should still expect a 100 basis points to 150 basis points of operating leverage is how we should think about it?
Terrance Dolan: Yes, Erika. We're going to manage the company reflective and incorporating the revenue environment, so yes.
Erika Najarian: Got it. That's clear. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pancari from Evercore. Your line is open.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Andrew Cecere: Hey, John.
Terrance Dolan: Good morning John.
John Pancari: You mentioned in your commentary around loan growth that you're seeing -- you saw some shift in the competitive environment and became a bit more accommodative to produce. Is that mainly on the real estate side, on the commercial real estate side, where you saw that or are you seeing that a little bit on the broader commercial?
Andrew Cecere: Yeah. No, I would say that we saw that on the commercial real estate side. Earlier in the year, there was a lot of competition on what I would say a lot of structures that we just wouldn't do. and I think as we are getting later in the cycle and the yield curve has shifted down, the competition has pulled back from commercial real estate and so the structures that we have seen most recently are things that we feel pretty comfortable about and that's why there was a little bit of a shift. I would say though that when you end up looking at areas like auto lending, mortgage lending, price competition continues to be very, very strong. In fact, we -- in auto lending, you'll notice that growth has slowed there a little bit and that's because we haven't chased yields down. We've been willing to give up some volume in order to maintain profitability. So it's just probably more so on the commercial real estate side than anywhere else.
John Pancari: Got it. Okay. All right. And then on the corporate payments side, I know you indicated mid single-digit growth for the full year '19. How has that changed from your previous expectations? How has that been trajecting? And then also, how would you view that growth versus what you expect for the broader industry? Are you still in a position of regaining market share there and should it exceed the industry levels? Thanks.
Terrance Dolan: Yeah. So a couple of different things. I think government spend will change a little bit. In terms of the renegotiation of the contract, we actually captured more market shares on a long term basis. We feel good that our spend is going to grow. But because of the margin compression really over the next several quarters, it will take a while to kind of lap that. That's a big driver. And then the commercial spend in the -- on the business side has been particularly strong this year, certainly double-digits, I want to say close the 12% in the fourth quarter. We would expect to see that kind of moderate in 2019, so there's a couple of different factors that are really driving that as we think about commercial product revenue.
Andrew Cecere: But it is a function of more of a moderation of the corporate spend as well as the renegotiation. In both cases, we expect continued market share growth, so it's not a market share issue at all, it's a -- in the corporate side, it's more of an environment issue, on the government side it's more the renegotiation and really taking market share. Yeah.
John Pancari: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Betsy Graseck: Hey. Thanks so much. Good morning.
Andrew Cecere: Hey, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: Andy, I wanted to just understand a little bit more about your comments around optimizing the brand strategy. Maybe if you could give us some color on what your thoughts and plans are there? And when you mentioned selectively expand, is this organic? And -- or not? Or is it inorganic? And give us some color on what hits your bar.
Andrew Cecere: Right. Betsy, one of the most impactful components of the consent order was our inability to open new branches, which also put a little bit in terms of constraints on us in terms of closing branches because we couldn't optimize the structure and the footprint. So if you think about the last few years, we've been closing in the neighborhood of 1% to 2% of our branches. I would expect that to accelerate to really optimize the footprint, think about where we have branches close to each other, given the transaction exodus that's occurring in the branches. While at the same time, looking at selective markets, where we are not in, so that could be either in our footprint in better locations and/or some out of footprint where we have a large customer base, which we would go in with a very digitally focused branch-like strategy. So it just allows us a lot more flexibility and I think that 1% to 2% will -- net closures will become a higher number, which would allow more savings on a go forward basis.
Betsy Graseck: And the digital focus and it's a little -- it's either adjacent or a little bit separated geographies to get the deposit growth that you're looking for from those markets, is this going to be a rate led as well? Will you be leaning into higher yielding products or is it going to be in line with the kind of pricing that you have in your branched areas?
Andrew Cecere: I would expect it to be in line. And as we talked about in previous calls, Betsy, the focus would be to leverage current customers who already have either a home mortgage, an auto loan, a credit card that's US bank in their wallet, but don't have a full banking relationship and trying to leverage those relationships in a more full expansion standpoint with the current similar deposit rates that we're currently offering.
Terrance Dolan: These are customers that know us and like us with respect to those particular products, we're just trying to deepen that relationship on the deposit side using digital capability.
Betsy Graseck: Okay, that's clear. Now, that's super thank you. And then just a ticky-tacky on the ATM, you went through in 2019, the revs and operating income that you'll have in 2019. In 2020 as we think out to that timeframe, does it -- do those revenues and expenses come out in 2020 or is this something that's going to continue for a while?
Andrew Cecere: Yeah. There is roughly a two-year transition period and -- but I do expect in 2020 that those expenses will start to come down. And the reason for that is as you go through the conversion process, you will slowly ramp down that business and the transition period is intended to cover that entire time frame.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And the expenses and revenues come down ratably, I assume?
Terrance Dolan: Yeah. The expenses come down ratably, yeah.
Betsy Graseck: Yeah. Okay, got it. All right. Thank you.
Terrance Dolan: Thanks, Betsy.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from the line of Kevin Barker from Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Kevin Barker: Good morning.
Andrew Cecere: Hey, Kevin.
Terrance Dolan: Hey, Kevin.
Kevin Barker: Hey. You guys mentioned that some of the business spending may impact your payments or maybe slow the growth there just a bit, but you've kept overall guidance for fee income in mid single-digits, I believe. Could you just talk about the puts and takes for fee income going into 2019, absent some of the things that we're seeing in mortgage banking that you've said could be a little bit better or just on a comp basis year-over-year?
Terrance Dolan: Yeah. Well, again, going within payments, we continue to expect that credit cards is going to do well. We could look into 2019, again sales volumes have been particularly strong and we continue to believe, based upon the consumer spending, consumer confidence that that will hold up. Merchant acquiring is an area that we would continue to expect to accelerate some in 2019. We made some nice investments in integrated software solutions and in kind of the e-commerce sort of areas over the course of the last 18 months and more and more revenue from that kind of starts to come online. So I think within payments, I think that is an area. I think the other thing is that in broad brushes, mortgage banking revenue, which has been a big drag, a big headwind with respect to fee income we really believe in 2019 starts to moderate. For a couple of different reasons is that the vast majority of our business is purchase money as opposed to refinance at this particular point in time. The other thing is that about two years ago, two and a half years ago, we started to shift more toward retail channels as opposed to correspondent mortgage production and margins there had been holding up and we would expect them to be stable or expand. Home sales currently are projected to be positive, so it may not be exactly in the first quarter, but certainly when we look at the second half year, we think that becomes at least neutral, if not a little bit positive. So those would be kind of big takes.
Kevin Barker: Okay. And then could you just provide a little bit more detail on the impact of integrated software on your merchant acquiring business and what your outlook is for the growth year-over-year with the merchant acquiring?
Andrew Cecere: Sure. This is Andy. As we talked about, there's a few focus areas, the merchant acquiring, one of them is the integrated software providers, another is the e-commerce as well as omni channel and those are areas we continue to both invest in as well as acquire. You saw that we did a couple of transactions in the last 90 days, both focused in those areas. So that is an area of continued focus and one of the reasons we expect our merchant acquiring business to grow in the mid single-digits.
Kevin Barker: Okay. Thank you for taking my questions.
Andrew Cecere: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marty Mosby from Vining Sparks. Your line is open.
Andrew Cecere: Hey, Marty.
Marty Mosby: Thanks. Hey. I had two questions. One was on merchant processing. The other fees in the processing business are growing double-digits. We're still not seeing merchant processing kind of kicking in. So I just wanted from the business standpoint, I know that there has been some dynamics in that competitive environment, where five years ago, it was very favorable. And then now, the big players kind of back in the toes. So just your thoughts about the competitive environment and what you're seeing in merchant processing.
Terrance Dolan: Yeah. From a merchant processing standpoint, again, I think that from a competitive standpoint, there had been a shift over the years really from what I would call financial institution portfolio type of business to really more tech led sort of business growth, relying more on digital and integrated software providers, being focused on industry segments and those sorts of things. And we -- as part of our investment, we've been making that shift as well. And so that's why when we think about next year, we continue to see and expect same-store sales, but also a new business accelerate and grow. And I think that's going to be a big driver, but that's been kind of competitive shift that's been taking place. I think that the positive thing as we shift more to that tech led is that it has higher growth rates and better margins than the kind of the traditional business. As we talked about, Marty, in the past, this is really a business that has moved away from just transaction processing to being able to really provide to merchants information. And that's why that tech led sort of investment and spend and initiative is critically important.
Marty Mosby: The other thing is you have a higher percentage of your portfolio that's held to maturity, but you still have some left and available for sale. As interest rates are still at a higher level than what the portfolio rates that you have are actually on the balance sheet, are you thinking about any deployment of capital into restructuring to take advantage and lock some of those rates in because it is a fragile opportunity like we saw here in the last quarter when rates can kind of reverse on this pretty quickly?
Terrance Dolan: Yeah. I think your question, if I understand it and you kind of focus on that one area, but just what would we think about in terms of duration of assets and shifting maybe our focus from our asset growth perspective and it is kind of when the yield curve flattens, certainly strategies you end up looking at is emphasizing a little longer duration fixed rate sort of assets. So whether that's mortgage or auto or whatever might be the case. And then in the investment portfolio, as we see maturities and as we have the opportunity to invest cash, our expectation is we probably will go a little bit longer in terms of the duration of new purchases. So we are thinking about that.
Marty Mosby: And any willingness to take some losses and restructure what's unavailable for sale to round up to the current rates?
Terrance Dolan: We don't have any plans at this particular point in time to do that.
Marty Mosby: Thanks.
Terrance Dolan: Yeah.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks, Marty.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Saul Martinez from UBS. Your line is open.
Saul Martinez: Hey. Good morning, everybody.
Andrew Cecere: Hey, Saul.
Saul Martinez: Hey. A couple of questions, First, now with a consent order sort of in the rearview mirror, can you just give us what your updated thoughts are on your M&A strategy in organic growth opportunities? Just what are some of the parameters around which you might gauge any opportunities or if that's not part of the thought process, also that would you just let us know if there's any update on your M&A? How you're thinking about M&A right now?
Andrew Cecere: So Saul. This is Andy. Actually the consent order doesn't really change our M&A strategy. I think the types of transactions you've seen us do in the last few quarters and as well as the last few years, we've been consistent with what we've focused on going forward, which are smaller payments, services deals, building capabilities around technology, the integrated software vendors that we talked about and so forth, so that isn't going to change. As I talked about, I think the opportunity that the exit of the consent order provides is physical asset optimization really optimizing our branch structure and that's both optimizing from the perspective of reducing space and/or the footprint as well as investing in certain locations to take advantage of where the market is going. So I think that's where you'll see us being a little bit more active.
Saul Martinez: Okay. So there's really no thought -- no updated thought in terms of specifically how you might think about a deposit for you?
Andrew Cecere: And throughout the consent process, we -- as we've talked about, there really hasn't been a transaction that's come across our desk when we look at all things, that we would have wanted to do. As we've talked about in this new environment, which is one where transactions are migrating away from the branch, we have more digital capabilities. The whole math around depository is very different, so I would expect our focus to be, as I said, on payments, transactions, software -- integrated software providers and optimizing the branch pressure.
Terrance Dolan: And so the thing that I would add and things that we talked about. If you think about doing a, let's say a more significant depository sort of transaction, we have so many things that we think are critically important with respect to digital capabilities and kind of that whole transformation over the course of the next few years that if you did a fairly sizable transaction, there's a fair amount of management disruption that takes place as a result of that and -- but honestly we just don't think that should be our priority right now.
Saul Martinez: Okay. Now, that's very clear. And the outlook for credit quality, and forgive me if you addressed this, I jumped on a little bit late, but what are your update -- did you give any expectations for what you think -- how you think NCOs or loan loss provisions may track or ALLL levels? And if not, just any color on how you're thinking about the credit quality outlook here?
Terrance Dolan: So as we've said on the past, when you think about our particular portfolios on the commercial side, typically high investment grade on the consumer side, prime, super prime type of portfolios, our net charge off stay at 1 roughly around 50 basis points, little shy of that. And our outlook when we think about 2019 is credit quality continuing to be very stable and we don't see a significant change with respect to either the rate of net charge offs. From a provision standpoint, the provision will really track loan growth more than anything.
Andrew Cecere: This quarter's increase to reserve and the $50 million is really a function of loan growth number just [indiscernible].
Saul Martinez: Got it. So we should expect ALLL level more or less to stay where they are at?
Terrance Dolan: Yeah. Yeah, I would agree. And the other thing, early delinquencies and all those sort of statistics, we're just not seeing any real significant movement or change in that. So pretty stable.
Saul Martinez: Okay, got it. Thanks so much.
Terrance Dolan: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy from RBC. Your line is open.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning, guys.
Terrance Dolan: Good morning, Gerard.
Andrew Cecere: Hey, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Andy, when you look out over the next 12 months, and if you agree that we are not likely to go into a recession in the United States and if you just take the geopolitical kind of episodic risk out there, what are the risks that you guys kind of talk about for the business over the next 12 months?
Andrew Cecere: Well, you take out probably the principal risk that we talked about, the geopolitical risk. That is impactful. The outcome on tariffs impacts certain of our companies, I think that is a function of what decisions will be made, the confidence in those decisions deferring certain investments. Those are all encompassed in geopolitical and tariff component. I think the other factor for us and for many banks is what's happening with rates and the yield curve that's something at a high level that we're very focused on and some of the questions that came up in this call in terms of the balance sheet position and so forth. And then finally, the investments that we're making, the business the banking environment is changing very rapidly. And as we think about what we're doing with our payments businesses, with our branch footprint, with our structure, with our -- the ways we connect with our customers and the way we use data for the benefit of the customer, those are all the things we are focused on.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then maybe Terry, can you give us an update and I apologize if you've addressed this already, on just your views of Cecil and what you're expecting? And I assume you're expecting it will go live in the first quarter of 2020?
Terrance Dolan: Yeah. I mean, purely from a timing standpoint, I think the entire industry has been in the process of developing and building models over the last couple of years. And we're in pretty good shape with respect to that. 2019 from our standpoint is kind of the final dimensioning of that as well as kind of running parallel with respect to our existing models to make sure that at -- will we go live on January 1, 2020, we're in good shape. If you end up thinking about, Cecil ends up getting impacted by where you're at in the business cycle at the time that you end up adopting this. And as you know, it'll create a little bit more volatility. But based upon current conditions, I think, some of the other estimates that are out there, 20% to 30% sort of impact is kind of a reasonable estimate on day one.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay. And do you -- just to follow up on that, do you guys expect to kind of come out with something in the middle of this year or you're going to wait until the end of the year to get a full 12 months of the parallel systems and then obviously be very strong on the number that you know it's going to be?
Terrance Dolan: Yeah. I think we'll probably -- I mean, our expectation right now is that midyear will start to be able to provide some ranges, but again the cautionary factor there is that that will be a point in time. And if conditions change between then and the end of the year, we would end up having to adjust.
Gerard Cassidy: Sure. I appreciate it. Okay. Thank you.
Terrance Dolan: Yeah, thanks.
Operator: And we have no further questions in queue at this time. I'll turn the call back over to the presenters.
Jenn Thompson: Thanks for listening to our call. If you have any further questions, please contact Investor Relations Department.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-17 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jenn Thompson - Director, IR Andrew Cecere - Chairman, President and CEO Terrance Dolan - Vice Chairman and CFO
Analysts: John McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC John Pancari - Evercore ISI Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Erika Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Mike Mayo - Wells Fargo Securities Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks Kevin Barker - Piper Jaffray Vivek Juneja - JPMorgan Chase & Company Saul Martinez - UBS Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets Brian Klock - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorps Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Andy Cecere, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Terry Dolan, U.S. Bancorps Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately noon, Eastern Daylight Time, through Wednesday, October 24th at 12:00 midnight, Eastern Daylight Time. I will now turn the conference call over to Jenn Thompson, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp. Please go ahead.
Jenn Thompson: Thank you, Casey and good morning to everyone who has joined our call. Andy Cecere and Terry Dolan are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorps third quarter results and to answer your questions. Andy and Terry will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of the slide presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at usbank.com. I'd like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during todays call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page two of todays presentation, in our press release, and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I'll now turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew Cecere: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining our call. Following our prepared remarks, Terry and I will be opening up the call to Q&A. Let me begin on slide three. In the third quarter, we reported record net income and earnings per share driven by record revenue and positive operating leverage. In line with our expectations, loan growth accelerated in the third quarter, supported by continued strength in consumer lending and a pickup in commercial loan growth. On the right side of slide three, you can see that credit quality improved in the third quarter and our book value per share increased by 5.3% from year ago. During the third quarter, we returned 78% of our earnings to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. Slide four highlights our best-in-class performance metrics including a 19.9% return on tangible common equity. Our efficiency ratio, return on average assets, and return on average common equity all improved sequentially and on a year-on-year basis. Now, let me turn the call over to Terry, who will provide more detail on the quarter as well as forward-looking guidance.
Terrance Dolan: Thanks Andy. If you turn to slide five, I'll start with the balance sheet review and follow-up with the discussion of earnings trends. Average loan grew 0.9% on a linked-quarter basis and increased 1.8% on a year-over-year basis excluding the impact of a student loan portfolio sale in the second quarter. We saw continued growth in retail portfolios such as mortgage and retail leasing. Credit card loan growth was supported by expansion in both the number of active accounts and sales per active account. We are seeing good momentum in digital acquisitions across platforms. As expected, commercial loan growth accelerated in the third quarter following modest growth in the first half of the year. Pipelines remain strong and we are seeing CapEx investment and M&A activity among our corporate clients. Alternative funding sources such as the capital markets and companies own cash balances are limiting the clients' need to access the loan markets, but to a lesser extent, than during the last several quarters. As investment spending gains traction and companies worked through their cash balances and tax repatriation, we expect commercial loan growth to continue to improve. Consistent with the past several quarters, commercial real estate loans declined reflecting our decisions not to extend credit as unfavorable terms and continued pay downs as customers seek alternative financing. This quarter, excluding the impact of a student loan sale, commercial real estate contributed a 27 basis point drag to linked-quarter growth and a 122 basis point reduction to year-over-year loan growth. While pay down activity remains a headwind, it is gradually diminishing in intensity and we expect the trend to continue. Turning to slide six, deposits declined 1.4% on a linked-quarter basis. This included the impact of an anticipated balance migration related to the business merger of a large financial client, which represents about half of the balance decline. This impact is expected to moderate in the fourth quarter. About half of our deposits are retail customer balances within our consumer and business banking business line where we saw a 0.7% linked-quarter increase in average deposits, driven by a 2.7% increase in non-interest-bearing deposits. Within corporate and commercial banking, our business customers are deploying the deposit balances to support growth and are migrating balances to alternative investment vehicles. This drove some of the decline this quarter. Additionally our corporate trust business saw seasonal declines in deposit balances associated with the timing of the receipt and distribution of funds. These deposit flows are consistent with our asset liability modeling expectations. Slide seven indicates that credit quality improved in the third quarter due to improving economic conditions with customer pay downs resulting in pressure on loan balances, but an improved credit profile. Notably our non-performing assets declined 8.0% compared with the second quarter and decreased 19.7% compared with the third quarter of 2017. Slide eight provides highlights of third quarter earnings results including a 3.9% increase in diluted earnings per share on a linked-quarter basis. On slide nine, linked-quarter and year-over-year net interest income growth was supported by higher interest rates and earning asset growth which was partly offset by a shift in deposit and funding mix. Year-over-year growth was negatively impacted by tax reform which reduced the taxable equivalent adjustment benefit related to tax exempt assets. In the third quarter, the net interest margin was 3.15%, up two basis points linked-quarter and one basis point compared with the year ago. The impact of tax reform and taxable equivalent earning assets year-over-year and net interest margin expansion by two basis points. Our interest-bearing deposit betas continue to perform in line with our expectations during the last few rate hikes. As future rate hikes continue, we expect -- we continue to expect the deposit beta will trend toward 50%, which compares with the current level of about 45%. The betas on our commercial and deposit -- and trust deposit basis, which represents about half of our total deposits, are in line with our estimated terminal betas. We expect that movement in the overall beta going forward will primarily be driven by our consumer deposit base. Slide 10 highlights trends in non-interest income. On a year-over-year basis, we had strong growth in payments revenue and trust and investment management revenue partially offset by a decrease in commercial product revenue, mortgage banking revenue, and treasury management fees. Commercial product revenue pressure reflected market dynamics in corporate bond underwriting and loan syndications. Mortgage revenue was affected by lower refinancing activity and lower gain on sale margins. Despite lingering market headwinds, we expect the year-over-year decline in mortgage banking revenue to moderate in the fourth quarter. We are well-positioned as a waning refi market transitions to a more robust purchase mortgage market. We are optimistic that gain on sale margins in this business have stabilized and will expand as excess capacity leaves the origination market. The decline in treasury management fees reflects the impact of changes in earnings credits which is typical in a rising rate environment. Turning to our payments business, we had strong growth in credit and debit card revenue and double-digit growth in corporate payment revenue each reflecting higher sales volumes. As we have been signaling for several quarters, merchant promising revenue return to mid-single-digit base in the third quarter as we lapped the impact from the exit of joint ventures in the second quarter of 2017. Merchant acquiring sales volume growth continues to be strong. We expect merchant processing revenue to continue to strengthen in the fourth quarter of 2018. Trust and investment management revenue growth was driven by business growth as well as favorable market conditions. Turning to slide 11, non-interest expense decreased 1.3% on a linked-quarter basis, partly reflecting typical seasonality and increased 1.5% on a year-over-year basis. Compensation expense increased principally due to the impact of hiring to support business growth and compliance programs, merit increases, and higher variable compensation related to business production. Notably within non-personnel expenses, professional services expense declined from year ago primarily due to fewer consulting services as compliance programs near maturity where we expect compliance related cost to continue to moderate through the year. Other expense declined from a year ago due to lower deposit insurance and litigation costs as well as a reduction in cost related tax advantaged projects as we syndicate tax credits in the secondary market. Slide 12 highlights our capital position. At September 30th, our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio estimated using the Basel III standardized approach was 9.0%. This compares to our capital target of 8.5%. I'll now provide some forward looking guidance. For the fourth quarter, we expect fully taxable equivalent net interest income increased in the low single-digits on a year-over-year basis strengthening from the third quarter growth rate. We expect fee revenue to increase in the low to mid-single-digits year-over-year. On a year-over-year basis, we expect to deliver positive operating leverage on a core basis in the fourth quarter and for the full year of 2018. We expect credit quality to remain relatively stable compared with the third quarter. Now, I'll hand it back to Andy for closing remarks.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks Terry. The second half of 2018 is shaping up as we had anticipated and momentum is building on our core businesses as we head into the end of the year. We expect the loan growth to continue to accelerate in the fourth quarter and our fee businesses remain on a good trajectory. Merchant acquiring revenue growth is gaining momentum and our other two payments businesses, retail card issuing and corporate payment services, are firing on all cylinders. In wealth management and investment services, we are benefiting from favorable market conditions even as we continue to grow new accounts and reap the benefits of our strong market position in corporate trust. We remain diligent in our focus on managing expenses for whatever revenue environment we are operating in and we are committed to delivering positive operating leverage in the upcoming quarter for the full year 2018 and 2019. We manage our company for the long-term while balancing shorter term financial objectives. This approach means that we will be prudent with expense management, but continue to make traditional investments in our businesses and accelerate investments to enhance our digital and payments capabilities. In terms of more traditional investments, we recently announced the expansion of our middle-market commercial banking team in the New York metro area where we have a strong presence in the large corporate space for over 10 years and will be able to leverage that existing platform. On a technology and innovation front, we announced the creation of a new fully digital capability for small businesses to apply for and receive a loan or line of credit. The application of funding time is often less than an hour, improving on a process that can take weeks within the industry. During the third quarter, we acquired Electronic Transaction Systems, which enhances our integrated software capabilities within our merchant processing business. It expands us into the new municipality industry vertical where we can leverage our government banking relationships within corporate and commercial banking. These investments and future investments will enable us to stay at the forefront in banking and will drive improved operating leverage over the next several years. We understand the value we create for our shareholders starts with the value we create for our customers. As the banking industry evolves in this new era of digital capabilities, we continue to look for ways to use technology and innovation to make our customers' financial lives simpler and more productive while at the same time protecting their data, their personal information, and their privacy. If we do it right and we will do it right, our customers win, our employees win, and our shareholders. In closing, I'd like to thank our U.S. Bank team members across the country for bringing their A game to work every day, to deliver on the promise of One U.S. Bank, and driving outstanding results for each of our stakeholders. That concludes our formal remarks. Terry and I will now be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from John McDonald with Bernstein. Please go ahead, your line is open.
John McDonald: Hi good morning guys. Wanted to ask a little bit about the positive operating leverage, you had a nice print on positive operating leverage this quarter, looks like about 80 basis points. Just wondering how much help you got on the expense line this quarter from some of the accrual reversals and any other one-timers that you mentioned? And then more importantly as you look out into next year and I think you've talked about shooting for operating leverage gap of 1% to 1.5% next year, what do you see as the drivers for that to accelerate next year to that range you talked about?
Andrew Cecere: I'd ask Terry to start, then I'll jump in.
Terrance Dolan: Yes, John, let me talk a little bit about the expense question that we had. Again our focus is around being able to deliver that positive operating leverage. But at the end of looking at expenses, we're kind of focused on a lot of different areas. You mentioned the litigation accruals, that actually is not a very big driver of the overall change. If you think about on a year-over-year basis, the biggest drivers is that is -- one is related to tax credit amortization costs which are lower this year versus last year. And when you think about it with tax reform and us having lower tax expenses, the capacity that we generate in tax credit production allows us to generate both fee revenue through tax credit syndication, but also reduce our tax credit amortization and that's something that we believe is both sustainable over the long haul. The second thing that we've kind of talked about, our FDIC insurance is a little bit lower than what we expected and then if we think about our mortgage servicing costs, we continue to be just as the refi market has changed, et cetera, the mortgage servicing type of costs would come down and foreclosure related costs, et cetera. So, those are probably the biggest drivers. On a quarter -- on a linked-quarter basis, the tax credit amortization represents the majority of the change. So, those are things I would focus on.
Andrew Cecere: And John, Andy. As we look at next year, I would highlight a couple of things. As we've talked about, we've lapped the payments to the merchant revenue issue and you saw that that's growing 4%. We continue to expect that to accelerate as we go into next quarter and next year. Mortgage revenue which has been a little bit of a headwind in the industry, I think, will start to come back. We are seeing accelerated loan growth, continued economic growth, and then across all our business, we're seeing increase in market share and customer acquisition. So, those are all things that I was positive opportunities for 2019 revenue.
John McDonald: Okay. And Andy just a quick follow-up. Is the 1% to 1.5% still kind of a good target as you sit here now and look out to 2019 for the operating leverage that you're going to shoot for?
Andrew Cecere: Yes, it is.
John McDonald: Okay. And then one quick follow-up Terry. The FDI insurance fees lower that you mentioned, what was the driver of that? And you still have a stepdown coming from the end of the surcharge later in the fourth quarter next year?
Terrance Dolan: Yes. The biggest driver is really the FDIC rate as much as anything. And as we make capital decisions and other things and then if you think about kind of our risk profile, we are getting an FDIC kind of benefit from a rate standpoint, that's probably the biggest driver. And then I think your second question was really related to the surcharge. If you think about the surcharge, so -- if you think about the fourth quarter, we expect the surcharge to continue and until it ends, we're going to continue to expect it to be there. So, we'll wait for that decision. The impact to us on a quarterly basis is about $20 million related to that surcharge. So that kind of gives you some sense in terms of the size of it as well as you're thinking about that for the future.
Andrew Cecere: And John, importantly, we're not assuming that surcharge goes away as we think about positive operating leverage in 2019.
John McDonald: Great. Thanks guys.
Andrew Cecere: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pancari with Evercore. Please go ahead, your line is open.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Andrew Cecere: Good morning.
Terrance Dolan: Good morning John.
John Pancari: On the loan growth front, I heard you're on the expectation that we're going to see some good acceleration in growth in coming quarters, your release for next quarter. What is really driving that view? What is changing that you're calling out? Is more about the pay down abatement that you think is going to continue? Or the bond market flow finding its way back to the bank loan market? Or is it more about just outright demand? Thanks.
Terrance Dolan: Yes, I mean, I think it's actually a combination of all of those things you think about it. I mean we've been talking about the fact that our pipelines have been getting stronger and M&A activity has been picking up. We've seen in our corporate payments business the spend by businesses in both discretionary and CapEx getting stronger. So, I think part of it is demand, at least, in terms of what we are seeing. I do -- we're also seeing the pay downs that we saw in late 2017 and in the second -- in the first half this year, those starting to moderate. They are still continuing, but I think they are moderating. And so, it is kind of a combination of all those different activities. I also think that as the long end of the curve has moved up, the opportunity within the capital market spaces -- that dynamic has changed a little bit. So, I think it's a combination of all of those different things. And we think -- as we think about the third quarter linked-quarter was up 0.9%, the fourth quarter will get a little stronger and we expect that to get stronger as we move into 2019 as well.
John Pancari: And related to that, the line utilization on slide 16, despite some of these trends, you're still seeing it trend down. I mean is that -- are you signaling an inflection that you expect that we should start to see next quarter?
Terrance Dolan: Yes, well, I guess what we end up looking to utilization rates. We think as kind of stable it ends up balancing kind of up and down. I do believe that when you end up thinking about the optimism and capital expenditures that are -- that we are seeing, I do think that there's the opportunity for utilization to expand and so as we kind of think about that, that's a part of the equation let's say.
John Pancari: Okay. Terry thanks. And then just one last thing on the deposit side, how should we think about overall deposit growth trends going forward? I know you've flagged the volatility from the customer merger and all that you've flagged, but how should we think about growth from this level going forward on total deposit trends?
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So, I think it's really kind of point to three things and I talked about some of those, but just let me just kind of reiterate. One is that our consumer deposits are growing. They grow -- they grew nicely both on a linked-quarter and year-over-year basis. So, I think that that's good and that that tells us that from prices standpoint, we feel pretty good about that and what we're seeing in that market is good. The large customer -- or the financial customer that was part of a business combination, we've known and we've anticipated that those balances are going to be migrating and we've been working with that customer to kind of know and understand timing. But to, kind of, give you some perspective, on a year-over-year basis, the decline is nearly 100% related to the fact that that customer migration is occurring. On a linked-quarter basis that represents about half of that. So, when we kind of take that into consideration, we know that that's going to moderate in the fourth quarter. When we look at the fourth quarter, we think about 2019 in particular, we actually think it's going to moderate and allow us to be able to grow deposits again.
John Pancari: Got it. Thank you, Terry.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Andrew Cecere: Hey Matt.
Matthew O'Connor: Good morning. Another one on loan growth because you're one of the few banks that had accelerating loan growth this quarter and seem a bit more optimistic than others. Any idea why maybe you're seeing a slowdown and pay downs and a couple of other of your peers have pointed to an acceleration. Is there something different in the mix or is it just the way the lumpiness in that business can be?
Terrance Dolan: Yes, I mean I think -- again it's probably a combination of things that could be lumpiness. We're in different markets. We end up having a much bigger community banking market than maybe some of the other competitors have been describing. So, it probably is a combination of things. It's not necessarily one thing that we can kind of pinpoint, let's put it that way.
Matthew O'Connor: Okay. And then when you talk about accelerating loan growth in 4Q, is that versus the kind of 4% annualized growth that you had in 3Q versus 2Q? Or are you talking about on a year-over-year basis were loans were only up 1% in the third quarter?
Andrew Cecere: Matt, this is Andy. We were talking about that, the 0.9% accelerating to a higher number on a linked-quarter basis.
Matthew O'Connor: Okay, got it. All right. Thank you.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks Matt.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Andrew Cecere: Hey Ken.
Terrance Dolan: Good morning Ken.
Kenneth Usdin: Good morning guys. How are you? First question just on the on the balance sheet and repricing characteristics, so it's getting harder to talk about sequential betas per se, so deposit costs up 10 basis points, how would you characterize that in terms of your expectations of the rate of change in terms of what you saw this quarter? And how that might go forward in the context of that you had previously talked about NIMs continuing to expand. So, can you help us understand that dynamic within?
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So, maybe a couple of things. We end up looking at net interest margin, of course, how it expands, how much better, is always a function of how your balance sheet ends up changing what sort of loan mix you have, et cetera. Certainly as we kind of think about deposits or funding costs, well, let me kind of step back, I think there's other reasons, our investment portfolio continues to be a creative as we as we see roll-off and that will continue at least through the vast majority of next year. So, I think there's a couple of things on the asset side that's positive. On the deposit side, I really think that -- and we've talked about this, deposit betas, they are at about 45%. We think they will migrate up to 50% whether it's this next rate hike or the following, but it's slowly moving in that direction. And our corporate trust and our wholesale deposit pricing is pretty much at terminal level. So, the movement of the deposit betas is really going to be more a function of how fast consumer deposits and the move in. And we are maybe seeing a little bit more competition in that particular space, but it hasn't been significantly greater. So, I think it's just kind of a function of all those different things.
Andrew Cecere: And Terry our deposit beta assumptions have been consistent with what's happening.
Terrance Dolan: Yes exactly.
Kenneth Usdin: Yes, fair. And Terry to that point you mentioned on the asset side, can you help us dig in a little bit? Can you talk to us about front book, back book, on the securities yields? And also the types of loan growth you were expecting to see increase, is that also the types of stuff that's also accretive to the existing loan yield? Thanks.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So, on the investment side of the equation, if you think about our portfolio -- our investment portfolio, it has a duration of around four years which is what we've talked about. We are seeing a fairly significant amount of low yielding treasuries and those types of securities that are now rolling off. The -- its pretty consistent with what we talked about last quarter that that roll-off is accretive at a 100 to 125 basis points, so that that continually gives you the opportunity to be able to see some accretion with respect to that particular portfolio. Now, on the loan side, again, I would point to the fact that we've seen nice growth in residential and we've seen nice growth in our credit card and our consumer type of products. And that type of mix will be beneficial to us as we kind of look in the future and we would expect and anticipate that to continue.
Kenneth Usdin: Okay, got it. Thanks guys.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks Ken.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erika Najarian with Bank of America. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Erika Najarian: Yes. Thank you. Good morning.
Andrew Cecere: Good morning Erika.
Terrance Dolan: Good morning Erika.
Erika Najarian: So, my first question is a follow-up to the competitive aspects on -- for commercial. The bond market was brought up, but I'm wondering if you could give us a sense of how much competition non-banks like private equity firms, how much competition that's posing to U.S. Bancorp? And as an add-on to that. What is your on balance sheet exposure to broadly syndicated leverage lending and private equity-backed transaction?
Andrew Cecere: You start there second question.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So, with respect to leverage lending, that is something in terms of our balance sheet, we have never really had any significant amount of lending in that particular space. So, it's an area that we managed pretty tightly and again, it kind of is reflective of our credit risk profile. So, as we think about the next downturn, we feel like we'll be in a pretty good spot from a leverage lending point of view.
Andrew Cecere: And then Erika on your question on private equity you're now in bank or non-bank competition, I would say that is evident in some of the wholesale categories. I think it's probably most prominent in our commercial real estate category where some of the pay downs that are occurring are because of non-bank competition coming into the marketplace. But as we said and as Terry said in his remarks that is starting to abate here as we come into the third and fourth quarter.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And another follow-up question on the expense side. I wanted to make sure I understood the Ryan run in particular for other expenses. So, as I think about the three year sort of average for other expenses, the average is about $450 million and it was $414 million last quarter and $377 million this quarter. Terry, am I right to think that that's all the tax credit amortization expense that you were discussing earlier? And I'm wondering if that $377 million is a good run rate for us to think about. And whether or not there is an offset in the tax rate line that we need to consider?
Terrance Dolan: Yes. Well, it's already incorporated into the tax rate that we have because when you think about when you establish your tax rate for the year, you think about the entire year in terms of what your tax credit production is going to be. So, it's already a low tax rate. Here's the way that I would think about it Erika. I do think that the tax credit amortization is going to be an opportunity, it's going to be something that's going to continue, but it also has a quarterly cycle to it. The third and fourth quarter happened to be your strongest production quarters and so tax credit amortization and the impact associated with it, tends to be more dramatic in the third and fourth quarter. So, there's a little bit of a seasonality. I guess if I were looking at it, I think the $377 million might be a little bit on the lower end of that range, but reasonable.
Andrew Cecere: And the fourth quarter, Terry, is actually higher than the third quarter. So, we'll see a little bit of an increase in that -- in the fourth quarter because of that.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. Last year it went up about $60 million, this year it's probably close to $40 million that it will increase just because of tax credit amortization.
Andrew Cecere: Third quarter to fourth quarter?
Terrance Dolan: Yes.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And just the follow-up question for you Andy. I think that the performance in bank stocks lately have seemed to reflect some revenue concerns rather than credit concerns for 2019. Although, of course, you bucked the trend in loan growth this quarter and I'm wondering what your message is on that positive operating leverage on 1% to 1.5%. So, I guess this is a two-part question. Where is the company in terms of it's -- not less traditional investment spend? So, let's talk about technology for example. And if the revenue environment is less robust for the whole industry than we'd hope, will you still be able to deliver that positive operating leverage for 2019?
Terrance Dolan: Short answer to your question Erika is yes. The longer answer is we do expect credit to continue to be favorable, its 46 basis points in charge-off this quarter. The loan growth is the only reason we added to our reserve. Credit quality underlying that is very stable, but we have good loan growth, so we added to reserve and as we have done in the past. As we think about next year in terms of the revenue, we have some positives as I talked about earlier. It's both the combination of less -- fewer headwinds as well as continuing momentum in certain businesses. But as we've also said we'll manage expenses consistent with what we see from the revenue side equations, sort of like we did in this quarter. So, we expect to continue accelerated revenue opportunity next year and we're managing expenses with that in mind. If the revenue doesn't happen as we think, we'll manage expenses more prudently.
Erika Najarian: That's helpful. Thank you.
Terrance Dolan: You bet.
Andrew Cecere: And Erika maybe one thing that I would just kind of add to that. I think when you end up looking our business mix, so this is one of the things that we've talked about in the past, the business mix having the strong fee base sort of businesses and payments, et cetera and with consumer spend continuing to get stronger, I just see that as something that differentiates us as we think about the future.
Operator: And your next question comes from Scott Siefers with Sandler O'Neill + Partners. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Scott Siefers: Morning guys. Thanks for taking the questioning.
Andrew Cecere: Morning Scott.
Terrance Dolan: Hello Scott.
Scott Siefers: Just wanted to go back to the deposit dynamics for a quick second. First just make sure I understand the large customer migration you talked about that just went from deposits out of deposits, right, rather than a move within the category of total deposits?
Terrance Dolan: Yes. Those are deposit outflows from the company and if you think about it was acquired by another financial institution and they wanted to bring those deposits under their balance sheet. And it's something that we have been anticipating, that's been a part of our NIM and our asset liability modeling process for well over a year.
Scott Siefers: Yes, okay. Thank you for that. And then just within the categories same directional trend that you guys versus others which is sort of money coming out of non-interest-bearing into other categories. But the order of magnitude seemed a little larger for you guys and I've seen in others. So, I guess one given you guys are a little unique in terms of business mix with like corporate trust in there, for example, so there's an element of apples-to-oranges. But if maybe you could just briefly walk through how you guys differ from just sort of a typical bank? And then more importantly, I guess, how will that dynamic flush out or play out here as we move forward just given the uniqueness of your business mix?
Terrance Dolan: Yes. Well, I mean again the thing that we end up really focus on in terms of the uniqueness is our corporate business and I mean within those trust structures as yields have gone up, they continue to look for opportunities to be able to get as much yield as they can within that structure and so migrations from non-interest-bearing to interest-bearing is something that we kind of anticipate and expected. There is a portion of those structures though that is very operational in nature and is sticky within the non-interest-bearing. So, while that migration has been occurring, I don't know whether that will continue to be as strong as it has been in the past. Andy, if you could--?
Andrew Cecere: Yes, so the corporate trust business is a great -- not only great fee business, but it's a great deposit gathering business. And as Terry mentioned, there's two components to it, one is operational nature and the flows that occur will continue to occur regardless of the rate environment because it is a flow between the bond issuer and the bond holder. The second component or what I would call more short-term investments and that's where we're seeing more of the volatility, but it's as we expected and particularly in this rate environment is new investment opportunities present themselves, so bottom-line Scott, I don't think it's anything that we didn't anticipate. We're going to be a little bit lumpier because of that second component, but it's in line with what we expect.
Terrance Dolan: Now the other thing is that because of the corporate trust business, the size of our total deposits as a percentage of our total funding cost that even though our deposit pricing may be a little bit higher, our total funding costs are very competitive excuse me.
Scott Siefers: Okay, that's perfect. Thank you guys for the color. And then if I can ask one last sort of tic-tac question. You had the Elan unit sale that you have announced a few weeks back, any revenue or expense impact as we look into like 2019 that you guys would call out from the loss of that business?
Andrew Cecere: Yes. So, I mean that sale is so impressed. Maybe I can just step back a little bit. That is very specific to third-party ATM processing and it's also the sale of our MoneyPass debit card network and so it's not related to our payments business. As I knew there was a little bit of confusion on that early, so I just want to make sure that actually--
Terrance Dolan: It actually rolls up to consumer bank.
Andrew Cecere: Yes. And the -- it would end up kind of dimensional, so 2017 revenue for that business on an annualized basis was $170 million. On a quarterly basis, third quarter, I believe the revenue was around $45 million and then the efficiency ratio of that business pretty similar to the rest of our company maybe a slightly higher, but pretty similar to the rest of our company. So, if you kind of take that information, you can get some sense, both in terms of fourth quarter and 2019. From a fourth quarter perspective, right now we anticipate that the sale will close at the end of October, but if not in October, then the end of November and we just have to kind of wait and see based upon regulatory approval.
Scott Siefers: Okay. All right. That's great. Thank you guys very much.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks Scott.
Operator: Your next question comes from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Betsy Graseck: Hey good morning.
Andrew Cecere: Morning Betsy.
Terrance Dolan: Morning.
Betsy Graseck: Andy can you talk a little bit about the different levers that you've got on the expense side, when we're thinking about the operating leverage for next year? I know you talked through kind of revenue line items already, but what's in your back pocket there?
Andrew Cecere: Well, one of the things we talked about is we are investing in both traditional as we talked about the expansion in our commercial banking business as well as more of the digital and payments businesses. We did an acquisition in the third quarter as we talked about we are continuing to expand our capabilities on our mobile application, our capabilities in terms of sales activity on that application. And everything you think about from an investment standpoint as a little bit of a digital focus on it. So that will continue. We have continued opportunity in terms of optimization of different business processes which we are working across the company in terms of our branch optimization across structures and where we are in this space and so forth. So, we have a number of things, a number of initiatives we're working on. And at a high level, actually I would describe it as continue to invest in the future while recognizing that some of the things that we've done in the past we can do better or do lesser.
Betsy Graseck: And your tech investments spend, am I right in thinking it's around $1.5 billion, is that is that accurate?
Andrew Cecere: Yes, so the CapEx related to technology is about $1.2 billion. And as Terry and I have talked about in the past, our operating expense related that probably another $1.5 billion. So, if you combine the two, it's just over $2.5 billion, but the CapEx that we talked about is $1.2 billion.
Betsy Graseck: Got it. Okay. And so that line kind of holds in, but then the headcount or occupancy associated with these other things you're talking about pullback that's the push-pull in the line items?
Terrance Dolan: Yes, that's a fair way to think about it. And just to be clear we've been at that spend level for a year and a half, two years, so that's in the numbers as we think about what we reported today.
Betsy Graseck: Got it. And then can I shift gears a little bit and just ask the thoughts around CECL. I know that's not coming into play until 1Q 2020, but I'm sure you're prepping for it and going parallel next year, so maybe you can give us some thoughts as to how you're thinking about it from an early look perspective?
Terrance Dolan: Yes, I mean as you said we're still kind of in the process of dimensioning it. 2019 is kind of our parallel year. If you end up looking across the entire industry, the entire industry is really in the process of kind of refining their models that they'll use as part of that process. I would anticipate that we'll have better dimension around what the size of that is later this year. And of course one of the factors that comes into play is what is your outlook with respect to the economy, et cetera, as you get closer to the adoption of it. So, lot of moving parts, but we're on track. We feel good about at lease the position that we're in in terms of us being able to adopt it.
Betsy Graseck: And are there areas you think there's a little give back because some of these ratios look pretty high. Part of it is because we've got very low losses right now, but I'm also wondering if you know there's some parts of the portfolio which could be a net giver of reserves as opposed to a taker?
Terrance Dolan: Yes, that's the interesting thing about CECL, it is very product dependent in terms of within the company, in terms of what the impact of it's going to be. To the extent that you have longer live or longer duration assets like mortgages and that type of product, you're going to actually have a bigger negative impact or increasing the reserve that's going to come into play. The area kind of -- to me it's a little counterintuitive, but commercial real estate is one of those -- especially on a construction site where you tend to get a little bit of benefit. But we really have to kind of look at the total mix. It's a little bit of a moving dynamic.
Betsy Graseck: Got it, okay. Thank you.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks Betsy.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Andrew Cecere: Hey Mike.
Mike Mayo: Hi. You mentioned digital banking quite a bit -- the digital platform; you've disclosed that you have 18 million customers, if that's correct in prior annual reports. Can you tell us the percentage of customers for online and the percentage of customers that use mobile banking? I think your other five large bank peers all disclosed this and it be great if you could give that to us, not now, then sometime in the future?
Andrew Cecere: I can give it to you now. So, we have 18 million total customers. If I exclude single service customers, so some of our mortgage customers, card customers, and indirect customers who outside our market -- what they would call full banking customers were about 11 million and of 11 million about 50% use our digital platform.
Mike Mayo: And how many -- what percent mobile?
Andrew Cecere: The majority of that is mobile.
Mike Mayo: Okay, great. I got my wish. -- And you've got one price for doing well and one price for not doing so well just follow-up on those two other issues. So when it comes to deposit growth, when we look year-over-year, it still doesn't look great. So, I guess that would kind of neutralize the seasonal aspects. And so I get the one-off merger -- the client lost in deposits and then some other ins and outs, is there anything else going on there? Maybe just what's your forecast for deposit growth over the next year or so?
Terrance Dolan: Yes, I mean I think we've kind of covered all the dynamics that are taking place. On a year-over-year basis, again, the decline is 100% related to this part of our customer. Consumer deposits are growing. When we think about 2019, we do expect growth in deposits and I think that'll be kind of consistent with low single-digits. It will be kind of tied to economic growth, et cetera. But I don't think that we -- there's any unusual sort of dynamics that we haven't talked about.
Mike Mayo: Okay. Then on the positive side, the loan growth -- commercial loan growth, and I noticed been a lot of questions on that. And I'm just trying to get the main takeaway, are you executing better or are you taking more risk? Or is it simply mix if you were to characterize that, kind of what's the main -- a lot more cautious.
Andrew Cecere: Yes, I want to be real clear on one thing it's not taking any more risk. Our credit box has not changed at all and we've been very prudent and strict around and disciplined for a long time and that is not changing at all. I think it's a function of all the things we talked about. It's expanding our customer base, gaining market share, it's our diversified portfolio. It's not in any one area or geography, it's a function of all those things. And that's why we're feeling pretty good about it going forward.
Mike Mayo: And you open up a new office in the New York area. Are there some other newer offices that are getting traction that's helping with that commercial?
Andrew Cecere: Yes, we've opened up a few offices in the south, the Dallas area and the south -- and the southeast New York. We'll look at other opportunities like this and it's typically leveraging presence that we already have in the market. And we talked about that also thinking about our consumer expansion doing the same, building a customer base that we already have.
Mike Mayo: Great. all right. Thank you.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marty Mosby with Vining Sparks. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Marty Mosby: Thanks. Two questions. One if you look at merchant processing, it's kind of an anomaly in the growth rates. If you look at over last year, its 4% growth quarter-over-quarter. If you look at sequentially annualized, it's the 5% growth, so looks like an acceleration there. But if you look at year-to-date, it's only growing 3%. So, it's kind of strange how those three numbers all kind of working, but is there really -- is the momentum finally picking up here in essence what we are seeing same-store sales and we're seeing some retail purchases and we're getting that lift from the economy we've been waiting on for so long?
Terrance Dolan: Yes, we have been looking at the dynamics. We certainly are seeing a lift from consumer spending getting stronger. Our sales volumes have been quite strong in that 8% sort of range if you will. The biggest issue on kind of in terms of both year-over-year growth and then kind of how it started to accelerate is really the fact that a year ago, we're starting to overlap the joint ventures that we had -- we've kind of talked a little bit about. But the overall business we've been making some investments in terms of both capabilities, industry verticals, variety of different things which I think as we kind of think about the future is going to continue to enable us to be able to expand revenue.
Marty Mosby: We saw one of your peers yesterday actually announced restructuring in the securities portfolio to accelerate that 100 to 125 basis points of net difference between the market and the portfolio rates. Any consideration since that's already kind of being taken out of tangible book value anyway in the mark-to-market that you just go ahead and realize that loss you know take it -- there was an extraordinary towards into this year and then accelerate the benefit in essence of what you get from what the market's going to give you over the next couple of years.
Terrance Dolan: Yes, I mean short answer is we really don't have any plans to restructure our investment portfolio at this time.
Andrew Cecere: And we've been managing to optimize it all along, right?
Terrance Dolan: Yes.
Marty Mosby: Have you -- you have excess capital, so given the excess capital that you have it is a way to temporarily deploy it and actually accelerate the benefit while locking in rates. We wake up six months from now and all of sudden rates have somehow fallen back down, you kind of lose that opportunity or that window. So, I just was curious since it's already marked and you got to extra capital anyway, if that wouldn't be something that you couldn't lock in those higher rates why you got them?
Terrance Dolan: Yes. Well, like I said, we don't necessarily have any particular plans to do it so.
Marty Mosby: Okay, thanks.
Terrance Dolan: Yes.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks Marty.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Kevin Barker with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Kevin Barker: Good morning.
Andrew Cecere: Good morning Kevin,
Terrance Dolan: Hey Kevin.
Kevin Barker: Just a follow-up on some of the deposit flows and some of the deposit questions you mentioned, the movement out of non-interest-bearing deposits specifically around the commercial deposits, do you have any offsets on fee income specifically around treasury management that could increase fee income as some of the balances come off of non-interest-bearing deposits?
Terrance Dolan: Yes. I don't necessarily -- I can't necessarily kind of point to something like that. I mean I do think that when you end up looking -- and a lot of people end up talking about compensating balances as kind of being that offset or whatever, but I mean our core treasury management growth is about a little under 1% and the drag is really related to the rising rate environment, but there's nothing that I would specifically point to Kevin.
Kevin Barker: Okay. And then just to follow-up on the expense side. Your expense growth was below your long-term target this quarter on a year-over-year basis, I think you pointed to about 3% to 5% long-term target on year over year and obviously there's some puts and takes associated with the tax accrual and the amortization. But when you look out into the first half of 2019 and maybe in full year 2019, you think it's possible you could see expense growth run below your long-term target and maybe for the foreseeable future?
Terrance Dolan: Kevin it depends a bit on the revenue side of the equations. So, we're managing the company for positive operating leverage and we'll manage expenses as we think about it consistent with the revenue opportunities. So, the numbers arent going to be specific, it's going to be relative to what we think on the revenue side.
Kevin Barker: Okay, all right. That's all I had. Thank you.
Terrance Dolan: Thanks Kevin.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vivek Juneja with JPMorgan. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Andrew Cecere: Hey Vivek.
Operator: Vivek Juneja with JPMorgan, please go ahead, your line is open.
Vivek Juneja: Yes. Can you hear me? Sorry.
Andrew Cecere: Yes, yes we can hear you. Thank you. Good morning.
Vivek Juneja: Sorry. Thanks. Sorry to go back to the expense question. Just trying to understand Andy -- Terry, the $377 million, here you it will go up $40 million or so for the seasonal increase, but -- so should we think of that $377 million as a good run rate going forward, is there anything like you talked about a legal accrual changes, is there anything like that that's unusual that we need to factor in as we think about -- I know beyond 2018, I mean is this really the new base?
Terrance Dolan: Yes, I mean I think Erika kind of talked a little bit about the averages associated with other expenses. I mean other expenses tends to be a little bit lumpy. It depends upon what businesses are growing, foreclosure, reserves, -- foreclosure or costs and those types of things in terms of how those are changing. So, I would say that the $377 million is probably on the lower end of that band. And -- so when you kind of think about the future, I really think looking at kind of the averages associated with other expenses is probably a reasonable way to look at it.
Vivek Juneja: Okay, great. Similar one on the other income side. You called out private equity gains, that's also -- that number is also running above if you look at last six quarter average, which is more like $191 million or $226 million. Again how much of it was private equity and what's a good set of run rate to think about?
Terrance Dolan: Yes, so more of that was really related to the tax credit syndications that we were able to do in the third quarter. And again in the third quarter and the fourth quarter, those tend to be a little bit stronger; it will tend to be a little bit stronger. Now, we have the opportunity to be able to do that if we think about a kind of a full year basis because of the fact that we have a very good and strong production base of tax credit and because we can't -- we don't have the capacity to use all of them, we have the option to be able to syndicate them. So, I think when you think about on a full year basis, there is kind of a little bit of a step-up associated with it, but it tends to be a little lumpy in the third and fourth quarter because of the -- just the timing of when that production occurs.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. Okay, great. One last thing. At the Barclays Conference, you raised your long-term return on average common equity target by 100 basis points. When we do the math on the tax reform benefit, the benefit to you is 150 basis points. So, is there a plan to catch-up on that additional 50 basis points at some point?
Terrance Dolan: At the high level we announced that the tax improvement in the fourth quarter of 2017, we also announced the step-up on some spend activity, particularly related to digital and payments and so forth. So, that is -- the numbers that we talked about incorporate both sides of the equation which is what we're seeing right now.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. All right. Thanks.
Terrance Dolan: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from Saul Martinez with UBS. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Saul Martinez: Hey good morning guys.
Andrew Cecere: Good morning Saul.
Saul Martinez: Two quick -- couple of questions. Just changing gears a little bit. Want to ask you how you're seeing the regulatory environment quarreled has indicated that preference for prudential regulations to be based more on complexity that size, you highlighted that very recently. But do you feel like once we get the proposals out of the way for the $1 billion to 250 billion asset banks, you could see some relief for banks of your size and complexity as well?
Andrew Cecere: I'm hopeful Saul, as I think about our balance sheet, our business mix, our risk profile, our trading book which is you know minimal, all those characteristics are more like a smaller regional bank or medium-sized regional bank there like the large money center banks. So, as you know 2155 [ph] talks about the tailoring shall occur and if you think about tailoring based on risk characteristics, I'm hopeful that we'll get some relief.
Saul Martinez: Okay. Okay. And just your changing gears and I hate to beat a dead horse on the other expense question; I just want to make sure I understand it right. But I think Terry you mentioned the $377 million should be you just sort of at the lower end of what a reasonable range would be. But am I right in saying that that reasonable range should also be lower than maybe what it's been in the recent past which is average about $450 million for some of the reasons that you talked about the changes in the tax credit amortization business, lower FDIC surcharges and whatnot. But I guess is that the right way to think about it that range should be a little bit lower than what we've seen historically?
Terrance Dolan: Yes, I mean whatever your assumption is with respect to the surcharge in the future, I mean that's kind of where that ends up getting the impact. I mean your point is well taken I think that I wouldnt just focus on other expenses though. I'd focus on how we're managing the overall expenses. We've got opportunity with respect to the plans and risk programs and mortgage servicing and a whole variety of different things. So, I know there's been -- and I think my horse might be dead. I wouldnt just focus on other expenses, let's put it that way.
Saul Martinez: All right. No, point taken. Thanks a lot.
Terrance Dolan: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning Andy. Good morning Terry.
Andrew Cecere: Good morning Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Can you guys to share with us -- when we go back and look at your non-interest-bearing deposits to total deposits during the 1994-1995 tightening cycle or even to the 2004 to 2006 tightening cycle, they held in pretty constant. Particularly in 2004 to 2006, you really didn't lose much in non-interest-bearing deposits. Can you give us some color? Do you think your mix is similar to those time periods? I know Andy, you've obviously -- both of you have been in the bank a long time, maybe you can share with us some comparisons to those time periods?
Andrew Cecere: Yes Gerard, I don't think our mix is all that different. I do think in those time periods, we were in the midst of acquiring corporate trust businesses that they have impacted the activity in the deposits because we were growing -- we've done 22 acquisitions in corporate trust over the years, many of them in the years that you describe. So, that may be a factor in the comps.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then following up on regulatory. I know you guys have done everything required from your BSA/AML issues; can you just give us an update on where that stands now?
Andrew Cecere: We have. We completed our activity and our verification from an internal standpoint on June 30th consistent with our schedule. It now sits with the regulators and we're hopeful.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay. And just one quick question. What's the duration of the securities portfolio?
Andrew Cecere: Yes, the duration is about four years.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Klock with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Brian Klock: Good morning.
Andrew Cecere: Good morning Brian.
Brian Klock: So, I promise I won't ask anything about other expenses. I know that you guys talk about the average commercial real estate loan growth and it seems like maybe even some of the headwinds that others have seen in the industry, the pay downs and those sort of headwinds might be abating, but it seems like on end of period basis, I look at page 20 of your sup, if I'm right, commercial real estate loans, the first time you end of period loans have actually grown since the first -- or third quarter of 2016. I'm just wondering is there anything that you're saying is this sort of the inflection point when you think about overall end of period balance growth going forward.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. Its a good question. We certainly hope that it is. The end of looking at commercial real estate as we said, pay downs were particularly strong. Before tax reform, a lot of commercial real estate developers were derisking, taking a lot of things off -- a lot of their chips off the table and they were paying down and then they had the uptrend to be in the capital market space. So, those were definitely some headwinds. We haven't necessarily changed -- we haven't changed with respect to our credit box. We're still not -- we're not doing anything crazy from a structural standpoint. So, we are optimistic that it is at an inflection point and no, big part of it is just the pay downs that we saw earlier in the year and have really started to slow.
Brian Klock: Got it. Thanks for that. And just trying to triangulate -- I haven't tried to put it back through my model yet, but the big picture guidance you gave for the fourth quarter, it seems like it's implying at least a continued upward trend -- really flattish to upward in the NIM. I know you don't give NIM guidance, but is that a fair assumption even with your beta assumptions that the NIM could be better in the fourth quarter than the third?
Terrance Dolan: Yes. Well, as we said, I mean when we think about the opportunity for NIM to expand, we still think there's opportunity for expansion.
Brian Klock: Great. Thanks for your time guys.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks Brian.
Terrance Dolan: Thank you.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to the presenters for any closing remarks.
Jenn Thompson: That concludes our earnings call. Thanks for listening and please contact the Investor Relations department if you have any follow-up questions.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jenn Thompson - Director, Investor Relations Andrew Cecere - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Terrance Dolan - Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer Bill Parker - Chief Risk Officer
Analysts: John McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley John Pancari - Evercore ISI Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Erika Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mike Mayo - Wells Fargo Securities Kevin Barker - Piper Jaffray Vivek Juneja - JPMorgan Chase & Co Saul Martinez - UBS Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorps Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Andy Cecere, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Terry Dolan, U.S. Bancorps Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately noon, EDT, through Wednesday, July 25 at 12:00 midnight, EDT. I will now turn the conference call over to Jenn Thompson, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Jenn Thompson: Thank you, Jack, and good morning to everyone who has joined our call. Andy Cecere, Terry Dolan, and Bill Parker are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorps second quarter results and to answer your questions. Andy and Terry will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of the slide presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at usbank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during todays call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of todays presentation, in our press release, and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew Cecere: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. Following our prepared remarks, Terry and I will open the call up to Q&A. Ill start on Slide 3. In the second quarter, we reported record net income and record earnings per share driven by record revenue and positive operating leverage. Excluding the impact of our student loan sale, loan growth picked up compared with last quarter even as we remain disciplined in our Commercial Real Estate underwriting. On the right side of Slide 3, you can see that credit quality improved in the second quarter and our book value per share increased by 5.8% from a year-ago. During the quarter, we returned 69% of our earnings to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. In the second quarter, the Federal Reserve completed its annual stress tests, and once again the results confirmed our ability to withstand and remain profitable in severely adverse economic conditions. Based on the stress test results, our Board of Directors approved a 23% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.37 per common share beginning in the third quarter as well as a 15% increase in our stock repurchase authorization. Slide 4, highlights our best-in-class performance metrics, including a 19.8% return on tangible common equity. Our efficiency ratio, return on average assets, and return on average common equity all improved sequentially and on a year-over-year basis. Now let me turn the call over to Terry, who will provide more detail on the quarter as well as forward-looking guidance.
Terrance Dolan: Thanks Andy. If you turn to Slide 5, Ill start with a balance sheet review and follow-up with a discussion of earnings trends. Excluding the student loans sold this quarter, average loans grew to 0.3% on a linked-quarter basis and increased 1.8% compared with the second quarter of 2017. We saw continued strength in retail portfolios such as mortgage and retail leasing. Credit card transaction volume grew, and the growth was strong and supportive of a robust fee growth. However, revolve rates have been declining, reflective of a strong economy and the strong credit quality of our customer base, which is muting balanced growth. Commercial middle-market loan growth accelerated to 2.2% sequentially in the second quarter. However, paydown activity among large corporate customers continued to be a headwind to total commercial loan growth. Line utilization remains at historical lows. However, pipelines continued to improve, and commitments grew. Clients are optimistic, and we are starting to see customers deploy deposit balances to fund business investment. While the timing of more robust CapEx activity is uncertain, we continue to expect that moderating paydowns and increased M&A closings will support improved commercial loan growth in the second half of the year. Commercial Real Estate loans declined in the second quarter, reflecting our decisions not to extend credit on unfavorable terms and elevating paydowns as customers seek alternative financing. This quarter, Commercial Real Estate contributed a 20 basis point drag to linked-quarter growth and a 140 basis point reduction to year-over-year average loan growth. Turning to Slide 6. Lower deposit growth relative to prior periods was driven by stronger economic conditions. Business customers are beginning to deploy balances to fund capital investments. Also, the impact of rising interest rates on deposit earnings credits have reduced their need to maintain non-interest bearing deposits. Finally, there is some migration of balances to interest-bearing deposits for alternative investment vehicles as customers seek higher yields. These deposit flows are consistent with our asset liability modeling expectations. Slide 7 indicates that credit quality improved in the second quarter due to improving economic conditions with customer paydowns resulting in pressure on loan balances with an improved credit profile. Notably, our non-performing assets declined 9.4% compared with the first quarter and decreased 19.1% compared with the second quarter of 2017. Slide 8 provides highlights of second quarter earnings results, including a 7.5% sequential increase in pretax income and a 5.1% increase in net income available to common. On Slide 9, linked-quarter and year-over-year net interest income growth was supported by higher interest rates and earning asset growth, which was partially offset by a shift in deposit and funding mix. Additionally, year-over-year growth was negatively impacted by tax reform, which reduced the taxable equivalent adjustment benefit related to tax exempt assets. In the second quarter, the net interest margin was 3.13%, flat with the linked-quarter, but higher by 5 basis points compared with a year-ago. The impact of tax reform on taxable equivalent earning assets hurt year-over-year net interest margin expansion by 2 basis points. Our interest-bearing deposit betas continued to perform in line with our expectations during the last few rate hikes. As future rate hikes occur, we continue to expect our deposit beta will trend toward a 50% level, which compares with the current level about 45%. The betas on our commercial and trust deposit basis, which represent about half of our total deposits, are in line with their estimated terminal betas. We expect that movement in the overall beta going forward will primarily be driven by our consumer deposit base. Slide 10 highlights trends in non-interest income. On a year-over-year basis, we had strong growth in payments revenue and trust and investment management revenue, partially by a decrease in commercial product revenue and mortgage banking revenue. Mortgage revenue was affected by lower refinancing activity and lower gain on sale margins. Treasury management fees declined, reflecting the impact of changes in earnings credit, which is typical in a rising rate environment. Looking closer at our payments business on a year-over-year basis, we had strong growth in credit and debit card revenue and double-digit growth in our corporate payment products revenue, each reflecting higher sales volumes. It's worth noting that this quarter mark the best revenue growth performance in corporate payments in over seven years. Merchant processing revenue growth continued to be impacted by our exits from two joint ventures last year, but we continue to expect that it will return to a mid single-digit growth pace by the third quarter of 2018. Merchant acquiring sales volumes continue to support our expectations. Trust and investment management growth, fee growth was driven by business growth and favorable market conditions. Turning to Slide 11, non-interest expense increased 1% on a linked-quarter basis and 3.4% on the year-over-year basis in line with our expectation. Compensation expense increased principally due to the impact of hiring to support business growth and compliance programs, merit increases and higher variable compensation related to business production. Notably within non-personnel expenses, professional service expense declined from a year-ago, primarily due to fewer consulting services as compliance programs near maturity. We expect compliance related cost to continue to moderate through the year. In addition, mortgage service and related costs are declining due to favorable economic conditions. Slide 12 highlights our capital position, at June 30, our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio estimated using the Basel III standardized approach was 9.1%. This compares to our capital target of 8.5%. I will now provide some forward-looking guidance. For the third quarter, we expect fully taxable equivalent, net interest income to increase in the low single-digit range on a year-over-year basis. We expect fee revenue to increase in a low single-digit range year-over-year. On a year-over-year basis, we expect to deliver positive operating leverage in the third quarter and for the full-year of 2018. We expect credit quality to remain relatively stable, compared with the second quarter. Our year-over-year tax rate on a taxable equivalent basis is estimated to be 21%. Ill hand it back to Andy for closing remarks.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks Terry. We are building on a firm foundation and I'll leave you with two goals, our entire management team is focused on as we head into the second half of 2018. Number one, growing revenues while maintaining our credit discipline. We are willing to forego growth in areas where the risk-reward dynamics don't make sense, like certain areas commercial real estate or higher risk leverage lending in the corporate space. Risk management is a core competency, but this is not mean, we will forgo revenue growth. We have a broad enough set of businesses that enable us to efficiently and dynamically allocate capital to areas where we expect the best growth and risk adjusted returns. We are optimistic about our ability to continue to gain share in both retail lending and commercial lending. And as paydown pressure subside and existing pipelines are funded that market share growth will be evident. I feel very good about the outlook for our fee businesses. Momentum is building in retail and corporate payment services, wealth management and trust and investment services, and we expect the third quarter to mark an inflection point in merchant servicing revenue. Cyclical headwinds facing mortgage will abate over time and we are positioning that business to thrive in the purchase mortgage market. Number two, our management team is focused on investing for the future while delivering positive operating leverage. As we discussed previously, we are stepping up our business investment in digital-first capabilities, revenue enhancing initiatives and business automation as we position this company for the future. These investments enable us to stay at the forefront in banking and will drive improving operating leverage over the next several years. However, we are mindful that we need to manage expenses for whatever revenue environment we are operating in and we are in committed to delivering positive operating leverage this year and going forward. In closing, Im pleased with our second quarter results and I am optimistic as I look out to the remainder of this year and beyond. I want to thank our employees for their hard work and commitment to serving our customers and earning their trust every day. That concludes our formal remarks. Terry, Bill and I will now be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John McDonald with Bernstein. Your line is open.
John McDonald: Hi. Good morning, guys. I wanted to ask a little bit about expenses and operating leverage. It looks like you delivered about 10 basis points of positive operating leverage this quarter, which is an improvement and I was just wondering when you look ahead to the third and fourth quarter, would you expect increased magnitude of operating leverage? Do you expect that to widen out? And if so, what would be the drivers?
Terrance Dolan: Yes. John, this is Terry Dolan. Thanks for the question. When we end up looking for the third and fourth quarter, I think that we will deliver positive operating leverage, although I think it will still be relatively narrow. We do expect that as we kind of get into 2019 and into 2020 that that wedge of revenue growth versus expenses will start to widen and toward that 2% to 3%, which is a part of our long-term growth expectations, but for the balance of 2018, we would expect it to be fairly narrow.
John McDonald: Okay. And just on that point, Terry for this year, the expenses this quarter came in a little better than expected. Does that help you to get in a little closer to the lower end of the 3% to 5% expense range for this year? Or you still expecting the high-end and does that forecast for this year include any change in the FDIC surcharge for the end of this year?
Terrance Dolan: Yes. With respect to the FDIC charge, we're really expecting that. We're going to have to continue to pay that through the balance of the year. But coming back to expenses, we recognize just like the rest of the industry that we're kind of in a transitional period with respect to tax reform. And I would say that just  as put some challenges with respect to loan growth and as a result revenue growth. And as Andy and I have said, we're always balancing short-term versus long-term and I would say with respect to the second quarter and the balance the year, well we're going to continue to make investments in those long-term digital capabilities and strategic areas of focus. We're going to be very disciplined with respect to looking at discretionary spend and areas where we cut back and so we're definitely going to be managed to the lower end and with respect to our expectations to revenue growth at that point.
John McDonald: Okay. So this year you are still looking at kind of upper end of the 3% to 5% expense range and then next year?
Terrance Dolan: No, we are at the lower end of the range.
Andrew Cecere: Lower end.
John McDonald: Got it. Okay, good. This trend  this quarter comes in better, so you are looking at lower end this year and then next year as well?
Terrance Dolan: Yes.
John McDonald: Okay. Got it. Thanks guys.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks John.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Andrew Cecere: Hi, Matt. Good morning
Matthew O'Connor: Just to follow-up on the expenses. Obviously a positive messaging on slowing the growth and you mentioned working towards the 2% to 3% operating leverage in 2019 and 2020. Is that  when you say working towards, are you hoping to be in that range next year, if I can try and pinpoint you on that? Or is that something that's going to take a couple years to get to the 2% to 3% operating leverage?
Terrance Dolan: Yes. I think that, that is  we're starting from something thats very narrow, so it's going to take some time in order for us to be able to get there. But I would expect continued improvement in quarters as we go sequentially throughout 2019 Matt.
Matthew O'Connor: Okay. So maybe like a 1% to 2% operating leverage next year and then in 2020 you're thinking the 2% to 3%. Is that a reasonable thought process?
Terrance Dolan: Well continue to make improvements. Thats going to depend on the revenue outlook, which is going to be very dependent upon loan growth and the economy overall. We're going to manage that positive. Were going to manage to expanding that positive.
Matthew O'Connor: Okay. And then just separately on the net interest margin. Obviously, flat NIM linked-quarter. Is there still leverage to rates going up? The curve isnt helping, but just talk about kind of the NIM trajectory not just next quarter, but as we think through the next few quarters, what some of the puts and takes are there and if there's an upward bias or think about it being flat?
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So again, for the second quarter, we were flat first quarter at 3.13%, but else being equal, we would have expected that to expand by a couple of basis points during the quarter. But there are a couple of different things that I would just point out. First is in the credit card space and it tends to fluctuate, but if revolve rates were a little lower during the quarter and that ended up impacting NIM relative to kind of what we were expecting. Second is that we sold a student loan portfolio, and that had an effect. And then the third is that we took the opportunity early in the quarter to hedge some of our LIBOR-based long-term debt and fix it, and that had a time zero hit or impact to us, but it should help us a little bit as we think about the future. Those three things really represent 2 basis points and so that hopefully helps kind of frame it. We think about the third quarter and into the fourth quarter, we do expect and believe there's opportunity for NIM expansion. Our securities portfolio continues to be accretive in that 100 basis points to 125 basis points as were replacing securities. As loans grow and we have an outlook that loan  our loan outlook is that loans will grow. And with that and the right mix of loans, we would expect to see margin expansion as well. So we do think there's opportunity for that.
Matthew O'Connor: Okay. Thank you.
Terrance Dolan: Thanks Matt.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Betsy Graseck: Hi, good morning.
Andrew Cecere: Good morning.
Terrance Dolan: Good morning, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: Couple questions. One on the loan growth outlook. I'm hearing that you are very clearly retaining credit quality. And so my question is, is that  does that drive to a slightly slower outlook than you've been delivering? In other words, is there a narrowing of the credit box that has an impact? Or is there a narrowing of the credit box that has potentially runoffs increasing in the loan book?
Andrew Cecere: Betsy, this is Andy. And the short answer to your question is no. We're not narrowing the credit box. Were remaining disciplined as we always have been, and in fact, we have confidence that loan growth will accelerate. Our pipelines are as strong as they've been in a long time. The impacts that we think from a tax reform are starting to dissipate. The consumer spend numbers are high. Corporate payment spend activity is high, payables and T&E. So there's a lot of confidence out there, and I think, actually, loan growth will accelerate.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. So the NII up low single-digit year-on-year is more about NIM as opposed to loan growth is that accurate?
Andrew Cecere: No, I mean, I think that is kind of a combination of both. I mean if you remember in the first quarter, we were growing at 0.1%. Now were at 0.3%. And we're going to continue to see that expand and improve. But it's not going to go hog wild in the third quarter. I mean, we would say that it's going to be moderately growing in the third quarter. So thats kind of our expectation.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Got it. So some of the trimming of  around the edges, like in the student loan book or  I mean, we saw some shrinkage in CRE. Is that pretty much over at the stage?
Andrew Cecere: Well, student loan book is no longer in the numbers, actually. The CRE probably will continue to lag because of what we're seeing in the marketplace and that's an area that we're not becoming more disciplined or tightening of credit box, but we have been more disciplined historically, and well continue to maintain that.
Betsy Graseck: Yes. I get that Andy. And on the student loan piece, my question was really more about other portfolios that you would be looking to trim? Or are you finished with
Andrew Cecere: Yes. Betsy, were  obviously were always looking at different alternatives and different things to look at, especially portfolios that might be in runoff status and don't have any long-term strategic benefit to the company. But there's nothing that is on the immediate horizon that we would point to, right?
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And the faster growth in C&I that you've got this quarter is part of the optimism on the loan growth from here?
Andrew Cecere: Yes, thats particularly true, Betsy, in the middle market, what just Terry mentioned in his remarks was up 2.2% on a linked-quarter growth. Were seeing strong activity there.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. And then I think the other positive thing about that is that, that growth we're seeing really across many markets is fairly broad-based at this particular point in time. And the effect of paydowns was dissipated in that space as well. The other thing I would add is that our community banking markets saw some nice growth in the second quarter. We would expect that to continue in the third.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Thanks so much.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks Betsy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore. Your line is open.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Andrew Cecere: Hey, John. How are you doing?
John Pancari: All right. On the loan growth side, back to commercial, end-of-period balance came in above the average balance? Is that a better number to work off of? Is that level sustainable in terms of where well grow off of?
Andrew Cecere: Yes, I mean what I would say John is that certainly when you end up looking at ending versus average, we started to see strength in the latter half of the second quarter and in all the different factors that we ended up talking about, we also saw paydown starting to dissipate a little bit more in the second half of the second quarter. So I think that that is a good way of looking at the loan growth outlook.
John Pancari: Okay, good. And then any impact that youre seeing on the  from tariffs on commercial demand?
Bill Parker: Not on demand. This is Bill. You can read in the papers, the specific companies that maybe impacted, but we have not seen that in any kind of  even that in the industry level. We really have not seen any impact of the tariffs. So obviously we continue to monitor closely. But if it stays at this level, we dont really anticipate any impact.
John Pancari: Okay, all right. And then lastly on the deposit side, just want to get a bit more color on the deposit moves in the quarter that you saw, I know end-of-period balance is down 1% flat on an average basis. Is there  are you starting to see a pick-up in the shifts in deposits and anything else thats impacting the growth and what your outlook would be there as well would be helpful?
Terrance Dolan: Yes, on the deposit side again, what I would say is that whether its betas or whether it's just the flow of deposits, its very much in line with the way we have been modeling our asset liability sensitivities, so there really hasn't been any unusual expectations. We've always said that corporate or commercial deposits, we will start to see outflows when the economy gets stronger and I think we're seeing that. We're not seeing a lot of rotation, and in fact, we are seeing growth in the consumer side, which is good to see. And then our corporate trust balances, especially in the second quarter because of timing of bond payments and that sort of thing turns to fluctuate a lot. So I guess where I'd leave it is that everything is really on track with respect to our expectations.
John Pancari: Okay, got it. Thanks, Terry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Kenneth Usdin: Thanks a lot. Hey guys, a couple small ones. Can you help us understand how much NII went to weigh with the student loan sale and how much was in that other fee line related to the gain?
Terrance Dolan: Yes, I would say that the gain impact is very insignificant, and if you've seen other student loan portfolio sales, you don't see a significant premium with respect to that. So gain was very small. And from a net interest income standpoint, again kind of coming back to my point around 2 basis points, I mean you can kind of back into that in being about the third of that overall equation.
Kenneth Usdin: Okay. And then so that's means in other fees than  but you had with the VC/PE stuff pretty big again, outsize would you say?
Terrance Dolan: Well, that that category tends to be pretty lumpy and there's a lot of different things that end up going into in terms of retail product revenue, insurance sales, insurance product sales, everything. So it's not any one particular item in the second quarter that really has caused that to move.
Kenneth Usdin: Okay, got it. On the expense side, just one question about the third quarter comps, now that we've gotten a couple quarters into the post tax reform changes. Do you expect the seasonal upward trend in the tax benefit related expenses and that's included in your kind of operating leverage guide because I just try to understand if you're saying low single-digit NII and low single-digit fees that kind of means low single-digit expenses and that's inclusive of any bump up in the tax advantage expense?
Terrance Dolan: Absolutely. There will be a bump up. There always is because of those seasonality of that particular business and a lot of tax credit projects been completed in the third and fourth quarter, particularly late in the fourth quarter, but yes it absolutely includes everything.
Kenneth Usdin: Okay. And last one, are you expecting  in terms of the year operating leverage? Are you expecting the FDIC to go out by year end, if so can you help us size what you think it will be?
Terrance Dolan: Well, the FDIC surcharge, we expect that it's going to continue through at least the end of the year and as I look into 2019, they say they're going to pull it back, but at this particular point in time, who knows.
Andrew Cecere: The guidance weve been giving is not assuming any change in the FDIC.
Kenneth Usdin: Right, okay. So there's the positive operating leverage even with that staying in there. Got it, thank you.
Andrew Cecere: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning.
Andrew Cecere: Hi, Erika. How are you doing?
Erika Najarian: Good. I just wanted to ask a little bit more about your comments on corporate payments and one of the strongest quarters youve absorbed. Is that a leading indicator for the rest of the year and sort of what's the lag in terms of that being a potential leading indicator for corporate activity on the financing side?
Andrew Cecere: Erika, thats a great question. And we look at that corporate payments spend, especially on the commercial side as a leading indicator with respect to basically corporate confidence and their willingness to spend on both discretionary items as well as capital expenditures. So the fact is that is growing, gives us more confidence that when we look into the future that they have confidence that business continues to expand and grow and that's part of the calculus as we kind of think about the loan outlook.
Terrance Dolan: And Erika just to give you some numbers, the sales volume growth, spend volume so to speak, this quarter versus year-ago were up 11.7% and a year-ago those numbers were 6.4%, so it's almost doubled in terms of the activity from a corporate spend perspective.
Erika Najarian: That was helpful. Thank you. On the consumer side, Andy you talked about confidence in terms of growing both corporate and consumer, could you remind us a little bit about your offering in the premium card space? I know one of your larger peers just introduced a premium card that's available outside of their deposit network, which is unusual for them, but just wondering sort of what you're observing about competitive dynamics and how you think your premium card is positioned and what the take up has been with your customer base?
Andrew Cecere: We have a full array of card products, including a premium card that we call the Altitude Card. The Altitude Card is principally for core customers already with U.S. Bank, and then the uptake has been tremendous. It's a great card. One of the attributes of that card is the mobile component and it has multiple points and rewards. And so it is really intended to the choice to be first in your mobile or digital wallet and the uptake has been very positive.
Erika Najarian: And just lastly on the comments earlier about the consumer deposit pricing really driving deposit rates from here. Im wondering if you could give us an update on potentially launching a national product and what products would you lead with and sort of what you've observed with regards to competition picking up or not picking up on the retail side.
Andrew Cecere: Yes. We have a number of initiatives underway, Erika. But the one I'd highlight is really trying to extend beyond our current branch geographic 25-state positioning beyond that where we already have a customer base. So we are a national player in both our mortgage lending as well as our auto lending through our indirect network. And our opportunity is to expand the relationship with those customers. We already have a relationship with the U.S. Bank through mortgage or indirect to include depository and other opportunities in terms of bank products and that's where our focus is.
Erika Najarian: Just to clarify, Ill have to  youre marketing directly to your national clients or outside of the 25-state geography that already have a products are similar to card, this is something thats  for your current client base, and it's not necessarily available to somebody that was just going on bankrate.com and shopping for a money market account or CD?
Andrew Cecere: They certainly could do that. But our focus in terms of [leveraging] growth is against the current customer base because again, they already have a relationship with the U.S. Bank. It's not a full bank relationship. It's typically a single product relationship, typically a mortgage or an auto loan and our opportunities to expand upon that relationship.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you.
Andrew Cecere: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Mike Mayo: Hi. I have one cyclical question and one structural question. The cyclical question, you seem to be very positive about the economy. I guess, I think I heard you correctly, accelerating loan growth and corporate spend and payments is twice as fast as a year-ago. So given that view, do you think that the yield curve will steepen? And do you back up that view with how you position the balance sheet? Or the big debate about the flatter yield curve, does it foreshadow a downturn, but it seems like you're saying the opposite, so you kind of make investments to go against the recent movement in the yield curve?
Andrew Cecere: So Mike Im going to start and then ask Terry to add on. I do think we do have confidence in the economy from small business to middle market to large corporate, confidence is up. Activity is up. On the consumer side of the equation, spend is up and activity is up there too. So we do have confidence, pipelines are strong. We talk to our leaders and our lenders and theyre talking to their customers. Things are very positive. Credit is very good as you know. So those are all positive indicators. The yield curve does say something different today and there could be other components to that thats driving that differential. And Terry  from a positioning standpoint, we're not assuming that there's going to be a steepening in the short-term.
Terrance Dolan: Right. That's exactly right. So when we are looking at our interest rate modeling and are looking at our forecast with respect to revenue growth et cetera, we're continuing to assume that the yield curve remains fairly flat as the short end rises. If you end up looking at the spread between two-year and 10-year treasury, we're kind of expecting that, it's going to stay in that ballpark and not really changing that perspective.
Mike Mayo: Well, it's not a disconnect. I mean, you seem pretty [bulled] up on the economy, which would imply a steeper yield curve. Or are you just being conservative? Or are you assuming tactical QE factors still stay in place?
Andrew Cecere: Well, I think that until we actually see the yield curve steepening, I think we're going to be  the way we model and the way we think about forecasting, we're just going to be conservative and take that point of view.
Mike Mayo: Okay. And then the structural question, to follow-up on the last line of discussion. So this strategy to expand outside of your 25-state network to cross-sell to mortgage and auto customers that could potentially take you to all 50 states or most of the states and what gives you confidence that that strategy will succeed. And the opposite of that strategy, it seems like everyone's doing a national digital bank now, from Citigroup, PNC, Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan, and we tend to hear Minneapolis pop up every now and then. So these competitors from a thousand miles away are coming into Minneapolis trying to cross-sell to customers in your backyard. So I guess, the question is how do you defend against those other banks that are coming to your backyard to try to steal away your customers and how do you think you can go ahead and cross-sell to your customers where you don't have a branch presence?
Andrew Cecere: So Mike, I will tell you in Minneapolis and in our core markets, we have not seen movement or lost customer base, either on the wholesale or in the consumer side from some of these new entrants. Ill start there. Secondly, while you can enter all the states, we're going to focus on a few, and we're going to continue to test, learn, and try different things. Number three, as I think if you go into a market without a customer base and you either compete on price or product you could get negative selection. So that's why we're focused on current customers, who already have a relationship with the bank, who we can expand that relationship with other products and services, because they already have U.S. Bank as part of their wallet, so to speak, part of their relationship. We think that's the way to do it, and again, we're focused on a few markets as we started out and we'll continue to update you on the results as we go forward.
Mike Mayo: Okay. And when did you start this recent initiative? Is it like
Andrew Cecere: This year. We're starting it this year.
Mike Mayo: Okay. Great. All right. Thanks a lot.
Andrew Cecere: You bet, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Barker with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Kevin Barker: Good morning.
Andrew Cecere: Hi, Kevin. Good morning.
Kevin Barker: In regards to some of the outlook for revenue growth, and obviously, you expect a flattening yield curve, is there any acceleration of deposit betas beyond what you've already seen within your numbers? And do you expect asset yields to continue to move higher despite the flattening yield curve?
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So on the deposit side, as we said in the  some of the remarks, when you end up looking at the commercial corporate world and you look at corporate trust or deposit. We really feel that those are at kind of their terminal betas and so as rates move up, we would move kind of block step with it. But we wouldn't necessarily see an expansion or narrowing to that. The real question is more on the consumer side of the equation. Consumer beta is there kind of in that 15% range and they will typically migrate towards 30%. But the question is over what period of time? We haven't seen a lot of pressure. The pressure is there. It is more on the affluent side, which we've been responsive too. And we price in a lot of different markets and so we keep our ear to the ground so to speak, but it really come down to how quickly consumer deposits move. On the asset side, as we have talked in the past, our  if you end up looking at our balance sheet, we benefit both on the short-end and on the long-end about 50/50. As rates continue to move up, I think that there's opportunity there. The other thing I would say is again coming back to our securities portfolio  will continue to be accretive for several quarters, many quarters. And as the residential mortgage portfolio rotates and some of our longer-term assets rotate, we'll see accretive benefit associated with that as well.
Kevin Barker: Great. Thank you. And then regards to mortgage banking question, I noticed that the origination numbers quarter-over-quarter appear to show that youve let market share to go. Are you making a conscious decision to pullback from the market, given the competitive dynamics that are occurring right now in the mortgage space?
Andrew Cecere: Yes. In the mortgage space, our app volume on a linked-quarter basis was actually up about 8%. And so we continue to, I think feel like we're in a pretty good spot in taking market share. I will tell you that it's very competitive, margins are thin. There's a lot of capacity thats out there. But we have shifted our focus more toward purchase mortgages. We started that about two years ago, two, three years ago. We also focused on the retail channel. The margins tend to be better in the retail channel. I think what you are seen in the industry is really more on the correspondence side, where the margins have been very thin and people have been kind of pulling back and we're from a pricing standpoint. We're remaining competitive, but just given where margins are. We're being prudent about that as well.
Kevin Barker: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivek Juneja with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Vivek Juneja: Hi.
Andrew Cecere: Hi, Vivek.
Vivek Juneja: Hi, and thanks for taking the questions. A couple of questions here, corporate payments, I wanted to get a little more granularity. How's government spend been doing, Andy, Terry? I know you've talked that in the past?
Andrew Cecere: Yes. Government spend is also up, Vivek, as spend year-over-year was up 9.8% in the second quarter of 2018. That compares to relatively flat or even down 1% last year. So that is also strengthening.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. And how does the fee rate on that, Andy, compare with the rest of corporate payments?
Andrew Cecere: The fees on both our substantial are fine. There hasn't been a decline in those. So you can see that the revenue for both have also increased in the same relative vein. So commercial spend volumes were up 11.7% and the revenue was up 12%. The government spend was up 9.8%, and revenue was up 11.8%.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. On the government side Vivek, remember that those contracts tend to be very long-term and so from a pricing perspective, you see the pressure when the contract get renegotiated, but generally during the term they stay pretty consistent.
Andrew Cecere: And theyre relatively comparable for that between the two.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. Another one cards, you talked about the decrease in revolvers. How much of that do you think is coming from just this increased price competition in the industry from promotional balances?
Terrance Dolan: I wouldn't necessarily attribute it as much to that and I think that what we end up seeing when the economy gets stronger and consumer confidence goes up, you ended tend to see more spend, but balances the revolve rate actually comes down a little bit, simply because people have the capacity to be able to make those payments. Then I think the other thing that we are seeing right now is just with tax reform, there's a little more cash in people's pockets and they're taking that opportunity to reduce the revolving part of their balances. So I think it's probably more so that than anything.
Andrew Cecere: And Terry, I'd add the high quality nature of our portfolio.
Terrance Dolan: Yes, for us. Yes.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. Thank you.
Andrew Cecere: Sure.
Terrance Dolan: Thanks, Vivek.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Saul Martinez with UBS. Your line is open.
Andrew Cecere: Hey, Saul.
Saul Martinez: Hi. Good morning, guys. A couple questions, first clarification on your comments on deposit betas, so Terry you mentioned that going forward you would expect around 50%, it was around 45%, I think this quarter. So should we take that as meaning the 12 basis points increase in deposit cost you saw this quarter more or less with future hikes that sort of the magnitude we should be thinking about in terms of increased deposit costs?
Terrance Dolan: Its a reasonable assumption, yes.
Saul Martinez: Okay. And that bakes in  that already bakes in the increase in the consumer deposit beta you mentioned from 15% to 30%. You mean you mentioned the commercial and I guess, trust already  the corporate trust is already up terminal beta?
Terrance Dolan: Yes. I would say that currently, it's at 15% and its going to continue. The question is over what period of time? I don't know if it'll be in the next rate hike after that. So it's kind of from a timing standpoint. Those betas will move up a little bit to 12, maybe 13 basis points for a 25 basis point movement et cetera, but it's not going to be dramatic anymore I don't think.
Saul Martinez: Okay. But you don't think it's a big meaningful move up from here, from the starting point?
Terrance Dolan: No, we dont.
Saul Martinez: Okay. And then a follow-up on the discussion on sustainable positive operating leverage of 200 basis points to 300 basis points. I know it take some time to get there, but your long  I think that's based on the assumption of 6% to 8% revenue growth long-term, 3% to 5% cost growth and that's how you get to 200 basis point to 300 basis point. But to the extent revenue growth doesn't materialize in that fashion? How much room do you have to manage expenses down below that 3% to 5% range and keep that 200 basis points to 300 basis points?
Terrance Dolan: Yes. Saul, way I would kind of think about is not only from a revenue standpoint, but as we continue to make investments in digital capabilities, those digital capabilities are going to offer us opportunities to be able to streamline or improve our cost basis or cost structure as well. So I think its really kind of a  we have to think about it from both sides of the equation, I think as everything over the next three years or so.
Saul Martinez: Got it. So does that mean if the revenue backdrop doesn't materialize because I think most of us probably don't have 6% to 8% revenue growth in our model for most banks? Should I take that answer saying is meaning you can manage it down below that or you just have investments you need to make and cost growth is going to be sort of within that range regardless of the revenue environment?
Andrew Cecere: So I think Saul, the easy way to think about it is the higher the revenue growth the wider that wedge between revenue and expense will be. To the extent, the revenue growth is narrow that wedge will be in a more narrow because it's just going to be a function of revenue growth in the long-term.
Saul Martinez: Okay. All right. Got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Andrew Cecere: Hey, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning, Terry. Good morning, Andy. Can you guys give us a little more color on the commercial loan book? Obviously, you pointed out that the Commercial Real Estate outstandings came down due to paydowns, but also underwriting standards that are not up to your standard. If you look at it carefully, how much went  the decline? How much was due to the paydown versus underwriting standards? And then in commercial lending, C&I lending, I think you said you also had some paydowns. Where is the outside money coming? Is it other banks taking those loans or is it the private equity market shadow banking industry?
Bill Parker: Yes. So this is Bill. SO on commercial real estate, where we lose balances is in what we call the standing loans or longer term mortgages and that's the area that's gotten aggressive really in terms of terms and rate. Many of that outside the banking community and so that's where we've seen the runoff. The other big portion in CRE is construction lending. We remain very, very active there. We haven't seen  its been relatively stable. It hasnt really seen a runoff. But that's an area that we remain very active, very  add great value to clients. We watch the markets carefully, but for good clients will continue to do the construction lending. And then on a C&I side, that's really more a function  some of the larger M&A deals, but weve seen good pipeline growth coming into the end of the quarter and into this quarter. So we anticipate that that paydown activity should subside as we see more M&A transactions closed, in addition to  as was previously mentioned, some of the kind of core growth in our community and middle market books.
Gerard Cassidy: Bill, as a follow-up to that, your comments about the term commercial real estate mortgage market, can you compare it today the terms that are being used to 2005, 2006? Is it that stretched or we're not there yet in those types of...
Bill Parker: No, I think its  I would say it's not that stretched, but it more a function of the length of term and rate that people are offering. Our bank  and specifically were not interested in doing a fixed rate 15-year loans. Thats just does not fit well with our models, so  but there are whether it's the securitization market that can accommodate that or insurance companies can accommodate that.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. And then as a general question, Terry, you touched upon the operating expense growth being at the lower end of the 3% to 5% range that you gave us? Have you guys seen any  we hear a lot nationally about the employment situation, very strong, maybe a labor shortage in certain markets and certain industries. Do you guys see any of that in your commercial bank with office  loan officers or branch managers? And if you don't see it, is there something on the horizon that makes you a little nervous that you could see it in 12 months if the economy turns out to be as strong as we all hope?
Andrew Cecere: Yes, I think  this is Andy. I think what we actually  its taking longer to fill positions. And so I would say that there's a bit of a tightening labor market and that's impacting our hiring. Its not substantially increasing pay yet, but I do think that could happen. But right now it's just taking longer to fill positions.
Gerard Cassidy: I appreciate that. Thank you, Andy. End of Q&A
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Jenn Thompson.
Jenn Thompson: Thank you for listening to our earnings call. Please contact us if you have any further questions.
Andrew Cecere: Thank you.
Jenn Thompson: Thanks.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks everybody.
Operator: This concludes U.S. Bancorps second quarter 2018 earnings conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-18 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorp's First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Andy Cecere, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Terry Dolan, U.S. Bancorp's Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] 
 This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately noon, Eastern daylight time, through Wednesday, April 25, at 12:00 midnight, Eastern daylight time. 
 I will now turn the conference call over to Jen Thompson, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp. 
Jennifer Thompson: Thank you, James, and good morning to everyone who's joined our call. Andy Cecere, Terry Dolan and Bill Parker are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorp's first quarter results and to answer your questions. Andy and Terry will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of the slide presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at usbank.com. 
 I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of today's presentation, in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. 
 I will now turn the call over to Andy. 
Andrew Cecere: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. Following our prepared remarks, Terry and I will be opening the call -- will open our call for questions. 
 I'll start on Slide 3. In the first quarter, we reported earnings per share of $0.96, which compares with $0.82 reported in the first quarter of 2017. During the quarter, a lower-than-expected tax rate, offset by a transitional change in vesting provisions within our stock-based compensation program, increased earnings per share by $0.01. On a year-over-year basis, first quarter net revenue increased by 3.4% to $5.5 billion. Excluding the impact of tax reform on our net interest income, revenue growth would have been 3.9%. 
 Loan growth is seasonally lowest in the first quarter of every year. Pay-downs have been a headwind in recent quarters due to capital markets activities by customers and our disciplined underwriting in commercial real estate at this stage of the business cycle. In addition, in the first quarter, loan demand has been lower across the industry. These factors offset solid growth in our retail loan portfolios and underlying strength in new business and market share gains in our commercial portfolios. We believe the early part of this year will prove to be a transition period. Tax reform impacted not only loan growth this quarter, but also commercial products revenue, as it influenced the timing and level of corporate bond issuance and deal funding. 
 Combined with strong growth in pipelines, conversations with our customers gives us confidence that commercial loan trends will improve as we move further into the year, although the timing of more robust growth tied to a resurgence in CapEx investment remains uncertain. In the meantime, we are focused on gaining market share across our lending and fee products. This quarter, we saw improved sales volume growth in merchant processing, higher sales growth in credit card and commercial payment services and strong growth in new customer accounts and client balances in our Wealth Management and Investment Services businesses. We expect this momentum to continue into the year.
 On the right side of Slide 3, you will see that the credit quality was stable in the first quarter, and our book value per share increased by 5.9% from a year ago. During the quarter, we returned 68% of our earnings to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. 
 Slide 4 highlights our best-in-class performance metrics, including a 14.9% return on average common equity, a 1.5% return on average assets, and our tangible return on common equity was 19.3%. Our efficiency ratio rose modestly from a year ago to 55.9%, reflecting increased investment in spending on technology and innovation and certain transitional matters related to stock-based compensation that Terry will address in a moment.
 As we discussed previously, we are stepping up our business investment in digital-first capabilities, revenue-enhancing initiatives and business automation. We expect that 55.9% efficiency ratio to be the high for the year. 
 Now let me turn the call over to Terry, who'll provide more detail on the quarter as well as forward-looking guidance. 
Terrance Dolan: Thanks, Andy. If you turn to Slide 5, I'll start with a balance sheet review and follow up with a discussion of earnings trends. 
 In the first quarter, average loans grew 2.3% compared with the first quarter of 2017, a decline by 0.1% on a linked-quarter basis. During the quarter, we reclassified $1.5 billion of student loans originated under the federal loan program to held for sale. As you know, we exited the student loan origination business in 2012, and the runoff portfolio is not as strategically important to our future businesses. The reclassification did not materially affect our average balance sheet for the quarter. However, it did affect ending loan balance growth. 
 Turning to core trends. Average loan growth is slowest in the first quarter for each year, reflecting seasonality affecting credit card, auto lending and mortgage banking, in particular. This quarter, mortgage loans increased 0.9% sequentially but were up 3.9% year-over-year. Similarly, retail loans declined 0.2% sequentially but increased 6.1% year-over-year. Retail and mortgage loan growth is seasonally stronger in the second quarter of each year, and we feel good about core trends in auto lending and leasing, where we continue to gain market share and credit card balances.
 Adding to the impact of seasonality on retail loan growth this quarter were a few factors. Commercial and commercial real estate portfolios continue to be impacted by elevated levels of pay-downs. While average commercial loans increased 4.0% from a year ago, average balances declined 0.1% sequentially. Pipelines improved as the quarter developed, and we continue to grow commitments. However, line utilization remains at historical lows, and pay-down activity was exacerbated this quarter by corporate clients flushed with cash on the heels of tax reform and continuing to deleverage their balance sheet.
 Turning to commercial real estate. Average loans declined 6.5% year-over-year and 1.6% on a linked-quarter basis. The risk reward dynamics in commercial real estate remain unfavorable in our view, particularly in multifamily and certain areas of commercial mortgage lending. That discipline is influencing decisions to not extend credit on unfavorable terms and adding to the elevated pay-down pressures, driven by customers accessing the secondary market. 
 This quarter, commercial real estate contributed a 25 basis point drag to the linked-quarter average loan growth and a 160 basis point drag to year-over-year average loan growth. In the near term, we intend to remain disciplined in our commercial real estate lending. 
 Turning to Slide 6. Average deposit -- average total deposits increased 1.9% year-over-year but declined 1.4% on a linked-quarter basis. The linked-quarter decline partly reflects typical first quarter seasonality that we see in Corporate and Commercial Banking and Wealth Management and Investment Services. 
 Within our Corporate Trust business, CLO issuances and deal closings tend to be seasonally lower in the first quarter, impacting balances. In addition, investment managers deployed funds for loan and other asset purchases, taking advantage of favorable debt market conditions in the early part of the first quarter. Recently, our deal pipeline strengthened within the Corporate Trust business and ending deposits began to seasonally increase across the business lines. 
 Slide 7 indicates the credit quality was relatively stable. Net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans increased 3 basis points on a linked-quarter basis and were down 1 basis point compared with the first quarter of 2017. Nonperforming assets were essentially flat compared with the fourth quarter and down 19.5% in the first quarter of 2017. 
 Slide 8 provides highlights of first quarter earnings results. Please note that during the first quarter, the company adopted accounting standards related to revenue recognition, and certain revenue and expense categories have been recast to reflect the change in accounting standard. The adoption had no material impact on operating income, as you can see on Slide 9. 
 Slide 9 also shows how tax reform impacted our first quarter net interest income and the related revenue growth rates. In the first quarter, net revenue of $5.5 billion was down 2.3% compared with the fourth quarter and up 3.4% versus the first quarter of 2017. Adjusting for the impact of tax reform on our taxable equivalent net interest income, revenue increased 3.9% on a year-over-year basis. 
 On Slide 10, net interest income on a fully taxable-equivalent basis was $3.2 billion in the first quarter, essentially flat compared with the fourth quarter and up 5.5% year-over-year, which was in line with our guidance. Linked-quarter growth was impacted by 2 fewer days, while year-over-year growth was supported by growth in loans and higher loan yields.
 In the first quarter, the net interest margin was 3.13%. This is 2 basis points higher than the fourth quarter net interest margin of 3.11%. Both periods include the impact of the reclassifications related to the revenue recognition standards. Excluding the impact of tax reform on tax-exempt earning assets, the net interest margin increased by 4 basis points on a linked-quarter basis. The increase was driven by higher yields on earning assets due to higher rates and a steeper yield curve, partly offset by higher funding costs. 
 Our interest-bearing deposit betas continue to perform in line with past experience and our expectation after the December rate hike. We expect the total interest-bearing deposit beta following the most recent rate hike will be about 40%. As future rate hikes occur, we continue to expect our deposit beta will gradually trend toward a 50% level. 
 Slide 11 highlights trends of noninterest income, which decreased by 4.1% on a linked-quarter basis and increased 0.6% on a year-over-year basis. Linked-quarter results are affected by seasonality within our credit and debit card, merchant processing and mortgage banking businesses. 
 On a year-over-year basis, we saw growth in credit and debit card revenue and corporate payments revenue due to higher sales volume. Merchant processing services revenue increased 2.5%, supported by strong volume growth, which our processing revenue continues to be impacted by exiting 2 joint ventures in the second quarter of 2017. We continue to expect that merchant-acquiring revenue will return to a more normalized mid-single-digit pace by the third quarter of 2018. 
 Trust and investment management fees increased 8.2% year-over-year, driven by business growth, net asset inflows and favorable market conditions. Strong growth in payments revenue, trust and investment management revenue and deposit service fees was partly offset by an 11.1% decrease in mortgage banking revenue, which was affected by lower refinancing activity and lower gain on sale margins and a 10.9% decrease in commercial product revenue. 
 Treasury management fees declined 2%, reflecting the impact of changes in earnings credit, which is a trend typical in a rising rate environment. Client behavior related to tax reform was a headwind to our commercial products revenue this quarter. Meaningful deleveraging by clients flushed with cash led to reduced corporate bond issuance and investment-grade underwriting activity. There was also a significant reduction in municipal market activity due to a pull forward of issuance into the fourth quarter of 2017 related to tax reform. 
 Corporate bond market conditions have improved in the early weeks of the second quarter, and announced M&A activity continues to pick up. 
 Turning to Slide 12. Noninterest expense decreased 0.6% on a linked-quarter basis, excluding notable items included in the fourth quarter. On a year-over-year basis, expenses grew by 5.0%, in line with our expectation for the quarter. Personnel expenses were the biggest driver of costs, while non-personnel expenses declined 1.2% from a year ago.
 Compensation expense increased 9.5%, principally due to the impact of hiring to support business growth and compliance programs, merit increases, higher variable compensation related to business production and the impact of changes in vesting provisions related to stock-based compensation programs. This vesting change was related to changes in our compensation programs in response to shareholder feedback and to ensure competitive programs within the employment and [dot-com] market. The vesting change negatively impacted year-over-year expense growth by 130 basis points. Excluding this impact, total noninterest expense would have been -- would have increased by 3.7%, and compensation expense would have increased 6.9% from a year ago. 
 Notably, within non-personnel expenses, professional service expense declined 13.5% from a year ago, primarily due to fewer consulting services as compliance programs near maturity. 
 As we've discussed previously, we had an inflection point in a growth rate of cost related to the build-out of programs related to our consent order in the second half of 2018. Compliance-related costs will continue to moderate through the year. 
 We have started to deploy increased investment dollars towards digital capabilities and innovation projects, multicultural initiatives and brand. The impact of these investments will occur over the next several quarters, and the magnitude will depend upon the timing of our investment opportunities. 
 Including the impact of these business investments, we still expect full year 2018 expense growth will be within the 3% to 5% range we think of as normalized. As a result of our investments, we expect stronger revenue growth, improved productivity and expense efficiencies in the future. 
 With respect to income taxes, our tax rate on a taxable-equivalent basis decline from approximately 29% in 2017, excluding notable items, to a tax rate on a taxable-equivalent basis of 18.9% in the first quarter of 2018. This tax rate was slightly lower than expected due to the accounting impact of stock-based compensation and the resolution of certain tax matters during the quarter. 
 Slide 13 highlights our capital position. At March 31, our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio, estimated using the Basel III standardized approach, was 9.0%. This compares to our capital target of 8.5%. 
 I will now provide some forward-looking guidance. For the second quarter, we expect net interest income to increase in the mid-single-digit range on a year-over-year basis. We expect fee revenue to increase to the low single-digit range year-over-year. As a reminder, fees are seasonally higher in the second quarter. 
 We expect expense growth to be in the mid-single-digit range year-over-year, within our long-term growth target of 3% to 5%. We expect to deliver positive operating leverage for the full year 2018. We expect credit quality to remain relatively stable compared with the first quarter, and our full year tax rate on a taxable-equivalent basis is estimated to be about 21%.
 I'll hand it back to Andy for closing remarks. 
Andrew Cecere: Thanks, Terry. The early part of 2018 is shaping up to be what we thought it would. The economy is on solid footing, and consumer and business confidence is strong. While the business confidence has not translated into increased lending activity yet, we believe it will. Strong consumer spending, supported by a strong job market, higher wages and lower taxes, should drive more business activity and business investment in technology and infrastructure, and we are well positioned to win the lending business that comes with it. 
 Business optimism is evident in the conversations our bankers are having with our clients, and we are seeing that in terms of increased commitments and more robust pipelines. I feel very good about the outlook for our fee businesses. We are reaching an inflection point in merchant processing revenue, and our focus on retail-driven purchase mortgages is enabling us to capture market share in mortgage banking. 
 And while reduced headwinds are a positive development, I'm most excited about the sales and volume trends we are seeing in some of our high-return fee businesses like payments and trust and investment services, which provides fuel to an already good momentum in the second quarter and beyond. 
 As we have discussed previously, we are accelerating technology and innovation investment spend on initiatives aimed at enhancing the customer experience and leveraging our competitive positioning, with a particular focus on payments, digital and mobile banking and B2B capabilities. These investments will position us at the forefront in banking and drive improved leverage over the next several years. 
 In closing, I'm confident that our business model, combined with the hard work, dedication and integrity of our entire U.S. Bank team, will enable us to deliver improving returns on equity for shareholders in the near term and over the longer term without compromising our risk profile.
 That concludes our formal remarks. Terry, Bill and I will now be happy to answer your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. 
Richard Dodds: This is actually Ricky Dodds from Matt's team. Just a quick question on expenses. Appreciate the color you gave. Just wonder if you could talk about expense growth as we exit 2018. Had an uptick in cost this year and in recent years. I was wondering if you could see expense growth sort of at the lower end of your long-term range in 2019 or maybe even below that. 
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So this is Terry, and thanks for the question, Ricky. With respect to expenses, we certainly expect them to be, in 2018, kind of on the higher end of that range, as we said. As we get into 2019, one of the things that we expect and we think is important is that we would start to see revenue accelerate because of some of the investments that we're making as well as some of the efficiencies that we would expect from business automation and other activities that we are investing in. So I don't know whether it will come down to the lower end of that range in 2019, but I think we'll start to see an inflection point where it will start to come down in the range during 2019. 
Richard Dodds: Got it. And then maybe to follow up, sort of switching gears. Just thoughts on mortgage banking for the year. Maybe it was a bit weaker than we had expected in the first quarter. I'm just wondering if there's any read-throughs there. And then just sort of raw thoughts as we move throughout 2018. 
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So again, let me kind of take that question. On mortgage banking, I think we're kind of seeing a couple of different things. One is that I know we've had a very strong focus on enhancing the retail channel and focusing on purchased mortgages over the last couple of years. What we are seeing in our particular business is we've actually seen applications increase on a year-over-year basis by about 11% but the revenue coming down on a year-over-year basis. And that's principally because in the industry, it's very competitive in terms of the gain on sale margins that we are seeing and that the industry is seeing, particularly in the correspondent banking. I think that there -- as the year progresses, that margin compression is placing a lot of pressure on our competitors. We're continuing to capture market share. And as capacity in the industry starts to go down, we should start to see improving margins, but the timing of that is hard to know. 
Andrew Cecere: And Terry, I'd add that our capabilities in the digital front, specifically our Loan Portal position us well for that gain on share on the retail side. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pancari from Evercore. 
John Pancari: On the -- to the deposit topic. On the noninterest-bearing deposits down about 6%, I know you mentioned that seasonality, but the year-over-year balance is still down about 3.5% or so. So is there something else going on there? Is this more of the impact of higher rates and deposit betas picking up? And just want to get some color on that. 
Terrance Dolan: Yes. John, this is Terry again. When we look at deposit trends, for us, it's really kind of important to kind of look at the business mix of our deposits. We typically, in the first quarter, see deposits being down on a seasonal basis, and that's because deal flow within corporate trust tends to be higher in the fourth quarter and then lower in the first quarter. And so we always see kind of a runoff. If we look at kind of the deposit outflows that we saw in the first quarter, we didn't see anything significant in the consumer or the retail side at all. In fact, they were pretty stable from fourth quarter to first quarter. The Wholesale or our Corporate and Commercial Banking deposits were down, but at the end of looking year-over-year, seasonally, it's about the same. So the most significant decrease that we saw was within our Corporate Trust business, and we really think that's tied to 3 factors. The first is the fact that a lot of CLO deals got pulled forward because of tax reform into the fourth quarter, so fourth quarter balances were higher. And in the first quarter, the CLO investment managers started to deploy those deposit balances out of the trust. And so that's pretty natural. But I think because of the pull-forward, it was more pronounced in the first quarter. Second is just timing of M&A activity. We have escrow balances and we saw an outflow of escrow balances, which is really tied to M&A deals. With the pipeline of M&As strengthening, we would expect that to get stronger and then just normal seasonality. So it's kind of 3 different factors that are happening in the Corporate Trust business, not as much really tied to deposit pricing. 
Andrew Cecere: And Terry, I'd add our deposit beta assumptions were consistent with our expectations. [On G40], we're still expecting they get 50 towards the middle -- last part of 2018. And the other point I'd make is that we saw acceleration in deposits actually here early in the second quarter. 
Terrance Dolan: Yes, yes. 
John Pancari: Got it, got it. And then separately, on the loan front, in terms of your expectation around the trajectory of loan growth, are you still comfortable with GDP-plus level of loan growth as you look at 2018? And then -- or could this -- or could it be weaker, just given the trends you saw this quarter? 
P. Parker: Well, it does appear to be a little stronger in the second quarter than the first quarter. But we still think it's probably going to pick up mostly in the second half of the year. But we did see in the C&I side, for example, our ending balances were higher at the end of the quarter. So there are signals that is then starting to pick up. 
John Pancari: Okay. So you're still good with the GDP-plus range for the full year? 
Terrance Dolan: Yes. I mean, that's something we talked about last year. We'll see loan growth, for example, in many of our retail categories. And that's going to be more tied to what GDP is doing, et cetera. So I think we see a number of signs that would still make us feel comfortable at this point. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John McDonald from Bernstein. 
John McDonald: I wanted to follow up a little bit on the expenses, just maybe bigger picture. Andy, the 3% to 5% kind of normalized expense growth, you mentioned that a few times and something you targeted at the Investor Day in 2016. Just remind us, like, what are the foundation assumptions of why 3% to 5% is what you target over time? And the reason I'm asking is we get the question, other regional banks seem able this year and maybe next year to self-fund their tech investments and keep expenses pretty flattish this year and next. So what's different about U.S. Bank in terms of maybe where you are in the cycle, that you're kind of at 3% to 5%, and in elevated, you're at 5% when others are kind of doing flattish? 
Terrance Dolan: Well, John, I'll start with the fact that we're starting from an efficiency ratio a bit lower than those other banks that you're describing. I do think we're going to and we are going to focus on positive operating leverage and making sure that our expense growth is below our revenue growth. But at the same time, we want to make sure we're balanced in terms of the making investments for the longer term. So we're factoring in all those things into our number of 3% to 5%. I do think it'll range in there for sure. I do think that there are periods it'll be at the low end of the range. But we want to make sure we're thinking about things not only in the short term, but in the long term. 
Andrew Cecere: John, the other thing I that would just add to that is it's important to remember our business mix relative to a lot of our regional banks that we end up competing against. With the payments business and the Investment Management business in particular, the payments business, a lot of those expenses are more variable in nature. And so as revenue grows, expenses will grow with that, but not to the same level, but also the business mix ends up impacting that a little bit. 
John McDonald: Okay, that's helpful. And just as a reminder, what do you guys think is an appropriate medium-term efficiency target for you guys, say, over the next 1, 2, 3 years? 
Andrew Cecere: Well, as I said in the prepared remarks, John, I do expect that this first quarter is the high point for the year. And we continue to expect it will be in the mid- to low 50s in terms of our efficiency ratio. So I expect it to migrate down principally because we're going to have positive operating leverage. 
John McDonald: Okay, great. And then just a reminder, Terry, where you stand on interest rate sensitivity. Has anything changed there? And can you kind of remind us of the split between the long- and short-end sensitivity? 
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So again, looking at our balance sheet, probably about 50% of our assets benefit from the short end of the curve in terms of movements in interest rates and about 50% of it benefits more on the long end of the curve. And that's really what's our business mix has been overall. From an asset liability sensitivity perspective, one of the things I would kind of maybe point out, and Andy talked a little bit about our deposit betas, but if you think about our Corporate Trust business, we're getting closer to, what I would call, that terminal beta level, and that's kind of starting to be baked into our rate movements as well as kind of the wholesale side. So the movement up of deposit betas for us, I think, will be impacted by that, to some extent, favorably, I think, relative to maybe some of our competitors. So that's the way we kind of think about it. 
Andrew Cecere: Because a lot -- for about half of our balances, it's already at the highest level. 
Terrance Dolan: Yes. 
John McDonald: Great. And then just one follow-up. You mentioned the overall retail beta or the beta assumptions getting to, I think, you said 40 later in the year. Can you just talk about the retail beta? And is that kind of the terminal assumption there? Or would you expect to go kind of higher than the terminal on the retail over time since it's been so low for the first part of the cycle? 
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So I mean, the movement from 40 to 50 is probably going to be more so on assumption that retail deposits are going to start to move upward in terms of deposit betas. Through the most recent rate cycle or rate hike, we have seen very, very little movement in terms of deposit pricing. I do think that with the March rate hike and as we get into the rest of the year, we're going to see more competition with respect to retail deposits. And we're just going to be pricing to meet that competition. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck from Morgan Stanley. 
Betsy Graseck: Couple of questions. One, just to continue on the last conversation. Your loan-to-deposit ratio appears to be pretty low. I think it's in the low 80s. So I'd wonder if that -- is that something you can use strategically to hold back on deposit beta at all? 
Terrance Dolan: Yes. I think the way that I would kind of think about it, Betsy, I do think that there's that opportunity. I think we can be a little bit more targeted and more focused with respect to how we think about retail deposits. I mean, we price in 120 different markets and so we surgically kind of look at where the competition is moving rates. And then we only really have to move in those particular markets. So I think your point is correct in the sense that we can be more targeted, and we can be a little bit more focused with respect to deposit betas as they end up changing. I think that we -- again, we haven't seen a lot of movements yet, but that's something that we're expecting. 
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then separately, on capital return dividend payout ratios, that kind of conversation, obviously, the Fed put out the SCB proposal recently. Maybe you could talk a little bit about how you see that proposal impacting you and your minimum capital ratios that you have been targeting because, obviously, your SCB is well below. The ratios that the Fed has been putting out there, the SCB of 2.5%, you're well below, I believe, right? So can you talk a little bit about that as well as how you think about the dividend payout ratio over the next couple of years here, given that the soft cap is likely to be removed? 
Andrew Cecere: Betsy, this is Andy. We continue to be bound by the base case, not distressed case. Our base case target's 8.5% common equity Tier 1. We're at 9%, so we're in the range. Our capital distribution has been in the range of our long-term targets, that 30 to 40. I do think that one change that this may offer an opportunity to do is to increase the dividend component of that share versus the buyback. So you might -- you will see us increasing the dividend piece as this rule becomes more clear. 
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And any kind of expectation for how much that could move over time? I know I'm not asking for the specific CCAR, I know you can't talk about that. But you put in the low 30s, but then if I look precrisis, 10 years ago, you did run with a much higher dividend payout ratio. So just wondering how you think about what kind of, over time, payout ratio your business can handle, given the low earnings volatility that you typically have. 
Andrew Cecere: Sure. So Betsy, as we think about the $0.30 to $0.40 in dividends and the $0.30 to $0.40 in buybacks, I could see our dividend component migrating towards that $0.40. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian from Bank of America. 
L. Erika Penala: My first question is a follow-up to what John was asking. And appreciate, Andy, that you're reminding us sort of the medium-term efficiency target of mid- to low 50s. As we think about 2019, I'm wondering if you could give us sort of a sense of timing of the investment spend relative to the revenue that you would reap from that investment spend. And I guess, really, the question I'm asking is, as we think about the efficiency ratio migrating over time lower, what that rate of change is going to look like in the initial year beyond 2018? 
Terrance Dolan: So Erika, I think we're making these investments that we talked about with a particular focus on customer experience and digital, B2B, all those things I've talked about. Those expenses are now starting to be baked into the run rate that you're seeing in the first quarter continuously for the rest of the year. We're going to work on the expense growth to be in that 3% to 5% range under the assumption that our revenue growth is above that, and we talked about our revenue growth assumptions. So to the extent the revenue growth is robust, I would expect, and as expected, I expect our expense to be 3% to 5%. If the revenue growth is below that, we'll manage expenses down, consistent with what our revenue opportunities are, again, with the objective of continuing to deliver positive operating leverage and a lower efficiency ratio over time. 
L. Erika Penala: Okay. And I just wanted to ask a little bit about the commercial real estate dynamics. You're typically the bellwether in terms of credit inflection trends. And I'm wondering as -- if you could give us a little bit more detail on some of the unfavorable terms that you're seeing as some of these loans come up for refinancing. I think the worry that the industry or the market has is that a lot of commercial real estate loans had been struck at ultra-low rates. And I'm sort of wondering whether or not part of your decision to not refinance is that the developers are -- have other options for continued low rates outside of the banking industry and outside of U.S. Bank, and you're refusing to underwrite it under market rate. 
P. Parker: This is Bill. That's certainly part of it. It's either rate, and it's often tenor and just the lack of recourse structure on these long-tenor deals that -- whether it's insurance companies or the securities markets or offerings. So that's where we've seen the runoff in, what we call, the standing loan side or mortgage loan side. On the construction side, we're still very, very active. We actually did see our ending construction loans up a little bit in the first quarter, so that was encouraging. So that's where we focus. That's where we can add most value. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin from Jefferies. 
Kenneth Usdin: Can I follow up on the payments and the restatement for the revenue and expense recognition? It would seem that you're taking out that rewards payment that was in short-term borrowings and also putting that back in, and that's what changed out of the NII side. Is that right to say? 
Terrance Dolan: That's correct. 
Kenneth Usdin: So then as a go-forward then, Terry, can you help us understand that now that that's going to be netted inside the payments lines, how does that change either the seasonality and the variability of payments revenues as we look ahead from this restated basis? 
Terrance Dolan: In terms of the seasonality, I don't think it's going to end up impacting it a lot. I mean, the rebates that you're talking about are principally related to our corporate payments businesses. And we end up looking at the seasonality of that and then just how those rebates will match up against it. I think the seasonality will be the same. You just have to kind of reset your first quarter expectations regarding the line item. 
Kenneth Usdin: Okay. And then so just more broadly on payments. I know you've talked about the merchant processing getting back to mid-single by midyear, and on a restated basis, it looks like it was back to comping positive. Your corporate and debit is already doing 8%, and corporate -- credit and debit is up 8%, and then corporate's up 12%. Can those also continue to post improving rates of growth as we also move into the second half of the year? So just how coincidental is this overall rise in the payments business? Can you get back to those historical growth rates overall in an aggregate for each of them? 
Andrew Cecere: So I'm going to hit corporate payments, and Terry will talk about the retail payments. On the corporate payment side, they're having an exceptional -- they've had an exceptional year last year and continue to see that in the first quarter. We had sales growth of 12%, revenue growth of 10%. And you're seeing really strong growth in both the government as well as the corporate sector. A lot of that's driven by some of the technology investments we talked about, one of which is virtual pay, which is up about 20% on a year-over-year basis. So I would continue to see strong growth in those categories in corporate payments at the very high end of that single-digit or low double-digit range. 
Terrance Dolan: Now when you think about retail credit card, we've been talking about mid-single-digit sort of revenue growth for the year, and that business tends to be a little bit seasonal in the sense that the fourth -- first quarter tend to be a little bit higher in terms of the revenue growth. So I think it's important to kind of keep that in mind. To the extent that we -- I mean, we have been seeing strengthening with respect to consumer spend in that particular space, and I think that based upon everything that we're seeing, we would -- we believe that, that can continue. But it'll be really tied to what does that retail customer spend look like over the course of the year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo from Wells Fargo Securities. 
Michael Mayo: So is this new information or are you reiterating the old information about accelerating investing in tech and innovation? I thought, and correct me if I'm wrong, your tech budget is $1 billion each year and it's gone up to $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion. So when you're saying you're accelerating investing there, is this a little more of a step change than you're thinking before? And if so, why? 
Andrew Cecere: No, Mike, it's not new information. It's reiteration of what we talked about in the fourth quarter. 
Michael Mayo: Okay. And then if we could just get a little bit more kind of meat on the bones. In terms of the areas where you're investing, if you could just give us a little more granularity. And what are the outcomes that you expect? You've clearly said you want revenues to grow fast in expenses over time, that you're playing the long game. In terms of the mobile and online users or other metrics like that, some banks disclose that, others don't. What should we look for on the outside to monitor your progress? 
Andrew Cecere: Thanks, Mike. So let me break it into 3 categories. I'll start with the payments categories. And in there, it's going to be a focus on increasing our capabilities around e-commerce and integrated software providers. We're good there and want to be even better in those categories because that's where the growth is. On the retail side of the equation, it's increasing our digital capabilities. Today, about 65% to 70% of transactions occur in our mobile device, but under 20% of sales. We want to continue to enhance our capabilities around the sales side of the equation, offering convenience and speed for customers as we think about a digital-first world. And then on the business side of the equation, it's all focused on B2B and the new rails are being built and our capabilities around those rails. So those are the 3 areas of focus. The outcome of those will be increased sales activity and customer acquisition on all 3 fronts and particularly, on the consumer front, a more central relationship with those consumers and our ability to expand beyond our footprint with consumer customers. 
Terrance Dolan: And Mike, I might add maybe just a couple of things. Obviously, on the retail side, the areas of focus, we started in mortgage because we have an important business there in terms of our Loan Portal, bringing online capabilities for people to be able to acquire autos online and be able to get the lending within essentially kind of minutes associated with that, and then checking deposits and all sorts of things. A lot of the digital capabilities in the industry today are very service-oriented, though, and so a big significant focus for us is really more on the sale side as we go forward. 
Andrew Cecere: Right. 
Michael Mayo: All right, that's helpful. So just big picture, are you doing this because you have the money with the tax reduction to catch up or to get ahead of the industry? How do you think about it? 
Andrew Cecere: Mike, I'm doing this because I think this is where the industry is headed, and I want to be at the forefront. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Foran from Autonomous Research. 
Brian Foran: Most of my questions have been asked, but maybe just 2 quick ones. First on the guidance. All the year-over-year comparisons you're referencing are based on the newly reported numbers, not like what was in the 2Q release, right? 
Terrance Dolan: That's right. Based upon all of the recasted numbers. 
Brian Foran: And then in the NPL schedules, there was a little bit of a jump in C&I. I appreciate it was fully offset by improvement elsewhere. But just any color on what drove that and broader C&I credit views. 
P. Parker: Well, the credit's very stable, but yes, we did have one commercial account that's a consumer products account that did go nonperforming. So it was just an isolated incident. But overall, credit metrics are very, very stable. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivek Juneja from JPMorgan. 
Vivek Juneja: A couple of quick questions. Number one, merchant processing. In the past, you've highlighted when the dollar was strengthening, that you had an impact -- a negative impact from FX translation. Given that the dollar has been weakening, can you give us some color on how much of a benefit you got from FX translation, though? 
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So if you end up looking at revenue in merchant acquiring is, on a year-over-year basis, up about 2.5%. And what we have been guiding for the first half of the year is really that merchant acquiring on a core basis would be relatively flat on a year-over-year basis, and that's essentially what the difference is between the 2, is the FX. Saying that, again, when we end up looking at the second half of the year and we think about the core growth within that business, we think about that in terms of the mid-single digit. So we do expect to continue to strengthen. And those things that we end up looking at, in particular as new business activity and sales volumes, the sales volumes continue to strengthen that business as well. 
Vivek Juneja: Okay, great. Second one, the deposit betas on the whole wealth management side, where are those running now? What would you -- how would you -- what level is it, 70%? Is it -- any color on that? Because, obviously, that's a different business. 
Terrance Dolan: Yes. And so within our Wealth Management business, we started increasing deposit betas in the last rate cycle. And where there was literally no movement in earlier rate hikes, we started to see betas in the 10% to 15%. But they're well below what you see on the wholesale side of the other institutional side. But that's kind of what we've been experiencing. 
Vivek Juneja: When you say institutional, you're talking -- when I was referring to Wealth Management, I was referring to the whole sort of Wealth and Institute of the Corporate Trust. So yes, I realized different definition. 
Terrance Dolan: Yes, yes. So if you end up looking at Corporate Trust, when we get to more of a terminal, there are certain deposit betas in that 70% to 75% range, and we're pretty much there already. That's why as we think about the future, we believe the asset viability sensitivity standpoint, that's pretty much baked in. So that's kind of on the Corporate Trust side of the equation. And then on the, what I would say, on the core Wealth Management side, it's closer to that 15%. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Saul Martinez from UBS. 
Saul Martinez: I think, in the last quarter, you highlighted that you expected to be sort of at the high end of the 3% to 5% expense guidance because of the reinvestment of a portion of the profit windfall. Sorry, if I missed it, but is that still the expectation within that guide for 2018 and/or is it more revenue-dependent? 
Terrance Dolan: No, that is still our expectation. 
Saul Martinez: Okay. And I guess, a little bit more of a detailed question. The other noninterest income line, you mentioned this quarter was off because of lower equity investment. And can you help size that up? And I know it's a difficult line item to gauge on a quarter-to-quarter basis, but this quarter was light relative to last year, even on a restated basis. Can you just give us a sense or help us understand what a more normalized level should be going forward? 
Terrance Dolan: Yes, Saul. In terms of giving the specifics regarding equity investments, we've never really provided that specific type of guidance. I will say, in other revenue, there is many different categories of types of revenues that are part of that, including, for example, end-of-term gains and losses on residuals, et cetera, et cetera. It tends to be lumpy because of not only equity investments but just the way that all those different categories end up interacting it from 1 quarter to the next. So I think what I would suggest is kind of look over a period of time and you kind of see a range, and I would just kind of look within that range as kind of a way of getting some sense on other income. 
Saul Martinez: Got it. Just the number is about $30 million higher -- lower this quarter than the average of last year. So just wanted to make sure I understood that a little bit better. 
Andrew Cecere: Yes. It tends to be lumpy. 
Saul Martinez: Got it. And just a final one, quick one. On the consent order, any update there in terms of how that's progressing and just anything you could share on that? 
Andrew Cecere: Nothing different. We are in our sustainability pace. Things are going as expected. We expect to be done with our part of the equation in midyear, June 30. And then the regulators will continue with what they're doing, and that timing is uncertain. But we're right on track with what we expect. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Barker from Piper Jaffray. 
Kevin Barker: Just to follow up on the deposit betas. Can you give us an idea where your deposit beta on wholesale side stood this quarter and where it was in the previous quarter and where you expect that terminal rate to be? 
Terrance Dolan: Yes. On the wholesale side, the betas are kind of in that 55% to 65% sort of range. And that's getting pretty close to terminal level that we have experienced in the past. It -- that's kind of where it is today, Kevin. 
Kevin Barker: So overall, your Wealth Management, combined with the wholesale, are getting pretty close to the terminal side and that's just based on catch-up on the retail, right? 
Terrance Dolan: Yes, that's exactly right. 
Andrew Cecere: That's correct. 
Kevin Barker: Okay. And then a follow-up on some of the mortgage questions. You mentioned the correspondent has been -- seen heavy competition. Can you give us an idea where your gain-on-sale margins dropped on a correspondent basis from 4Q to 1Q and what your expectations are, at least for the next couple of quarters? 
Terrance Dolan: Yes. If you end up looking at margins on the correspondent side, they're in the low -- high single to low double-digit sort of range. And that's probably 20% to 30 basis points lower than what we would normally see. Our expectation is that as we get into the latter half of the year and probably more so into the fourth quarter, that they will start to rebound because there's a lot of pressure on the smaller players and the players that just don't have the capacity to be able to deal with the margins that low. But that's kind of where they're at, and our expectation is it will start to improve. It's just a matter of timing. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets. 
Gerard Cassidy: On the terminal betas that you guys have been talking about on the call, it sounds like the terminal level, and please correct me if I'm wrong, is around the 65% range. Is that fair? Or is it a little lower, a little higher? 
Terrance Dolan: Well, that would be -- kind of on the wholesale side, it's probably just a little bit lower but kind of in that ballpark. On the Corporate Trust side, it tends to be a little bit higher because we end up having -- the substitute investment is government funds, for example, in the money market fund area or T-bills. So you have to kind of track that, but that tends to be closer to 70% to 75%. 
Gerard Cassidy: Okay. And could we ever see them get to 100%? I mean, in your guys' experience, because, obviously, we're in a rate environment we've not seen before being so low, could these terminal betas ever get to 100%? 
Andrew Cecere: Yes. This certainly isn't our expectation based upon both our experience in the business and also from a client standpoint. There is certain operating sort of need, the cash flow. And so there's a benefit to having those deposits with the bank. And so I don't think from the perspective of having to be competitive in terms of what they're accomplishing that we have to go that high. I think we're very -- we're at or very close to what -- where we need to be. 
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And I apologize, Terry, if you addressed this. In prior calls, you talked about the impact that the hurricanes and natural disasters had on your merchant processing and acquiring businesses. And I think you pointed out in the spring of this year, you thought that we'd get back to normal. Where are we on -- if you haven't addressed it, where are we on that kind of time line? 
Terrance Dolan: Yes, good follow-up. And in terms of the impact of Irma and Harvey, that has pretty much dissipated. So certainly, early in the first quarter, any effect associated with that has pretty much kind of worked its way in. Puerto Rico is much smaller for us. It really isn't that significant, but it will take more time for that to recover. 
Gerard Cassidy: Great. And then just lastly, you guys have addressed the commercial real estate lending, how you guys obviously have conservative underwriting standards. What are you seeing in the other areas, whether it's retail or commercial? Is there any evidence of those underwriting spendings getting a little too aggressive from your competitors that makes you wonder what they're doing? 
P. Parker: This is Bill. I would say not necessarily. I mean, we're in, obviously, in late stages of economic expansion and then credit cycle. We just try to keep our underwriting consistent throughout the period. There have been -- I mean, I talked about the real estate and there's a lot of activity in that long-term fixed rate pricing, which has affected our mortgage book. But on the other side, it's pretty much steady as you go. There's a lot of pricing pressure. But basically, we compete to have a full relationship and bring the other commercial products to the table. 
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Matt O'Connor from Deutsche Bank. 
Matthew O'Connor: I jumped on a little bit late here, but it sounds like you're not committing to lower expense growth next year, which I guess is a little surprising, given the increase in investment spend this year. But it also sounds like you expect a nice increase in revenues. So I was hoping you could kind of frame it in terms of operating leverage percent that you're targeting if things go according to plan. And I appreciate it's a year out, but I think we're all focused on the expense growth continuing to be quite high. And without having the context of the revenue expectations, it's a little -- it's not totally clear. 
Andrew Cecere: Sure, Matt. And this is Andy. Let me clarify a little bit. So we talked about 3% to 5% this year, at the high end of the range because of some of that increased investment we talked about. That increased investment will be in the run rate. We expect positive operating leverage this year. And going into next year, I would continue to expect that we're not going to increase our tax spend again next year. So that will be baked into the run rate, and I would expect the growth rates next year will start to migrate down within that 3% to 5% range. 
Matthew O'Connor: Okay. And in terms of the amount of positive operating leverage that you're targeting because it'll likely be modest this year, I think, based on the guidance and how much are you hopeful to achieve next year? 
Andrew Cecere: It will be modest this year and it will continue to increase as we go into 2019 and beyond because our expectation is these investments will produce the revenue that we're looking for, and that's why we're doing it. 
Matthew O'Connor: Okay. I know a couple of years ago, you put out some of these medium-term revenue growth targets. And I think the hope was that you would achieve that in year 3, which I think is next year. Is that something that's still possible? And remind us how much that revenue growth was. 
Andrew Cecere: So our revenue growth rates and our expense growth rates, we do expect to be in the ranges, that we were in the 6% to 8% range on revenue, 3% to 5% on expense. And our return numbers, we're already in that range. One thing I will mention, Matt, is that we intend to increase our ranges on our returns, given the tax situation that we're in. We'll communicate more about that. But as you saw, we're up in that range already in the middle of the range. 
Matthew O'Connor: Okay. So just to summarize, you are hopeful of the 6% to 8% revenue growth next year, 3% to 5% expense growth, but hopefully drifting below the high end of that 3% to 5% range? 
Andrew Cecere: That's our target. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Klock from Keefe, Bruyette, Woods. 
Brian Klock: So I just wanted to follow up a little bit on the commercial loan growth from earlier in the call. And I thought what was interesting, looking at your segment data, is I know you guys mentioned that there's still some corporate deleveraging and a lot of your peers have talked about the same issue of some large pay-downs on the corporate side. When we look at your Corporate and Commercial Banking segment, I know this is averages versus end of period, so maybe there was a difference on end of period. But the Corporate Banking and other, actually, balances were slightly up on average or up almost 3.6% year-over-year, but the middle market was actually down and it seemed like that's a trend. It's a little bit different at some of your peers. I wasn't sure if this is just an average issue or if your end-of-period balances in March were showing a different trend versus the average. So maybe we can just talk about that in that Page 10 of your supplement. 
Terrance Dolan: Yes. Well, when I think about kind of ending balances, on a spot basis, Brian, they are a little bit higher than the averages. So we do expect to see some momentum as we think about the second quarter. And of thinking about middle market, for us, middle market, we're continuing to grow on the commitment side. But one of the things that we have seen a little bit is just the impact of pay-downs or payoffs. And the principal driver behind that is from market to market, we see some M&A activity, and that M&A activity ends up negatively impacting some of the middle market. If you're looking across kind of all of our markets, we're seeing nice growth in at least half of them, a little bit stronger than that. And we're seeing flat sort of growth in the others. And so it kind of depends market to market and the change is from quarter-to-quarter, too. 
Brian Klock: Got it, got it. And I guess, my other follow-up is just on the funding side. I have been focused on the betas, and you talked about on the wholesale deposit side, the larger trust deposits getting closer to your terminal expectations. On the borrowing side, on your wholesale funding side, the borrowing piece of this, can -- Terry, can you remind us how much of that is swapped out to 3-month LIBOR? And I mean, what are your expectations on the borrowing side with either refinancings or work at the borrowing cost? 
Terrance Dolan: Yes. I know there's been a lot of conversation around LIBOR basis risk, et cetera, on some of the other calls. For us, we -- at the end of the first quarter, as an example, we have very little that is floating rate on 3-month LIBOR. So we don't have the same sort of basis risk to increase the 3-month LIBOR at this point. 
Brian Klock: Okay. So is there anything swapped out for that? Or are you saying just overall it's more fixed on that borrowing base? 
Terrance Dolan: Yes. Well, typically, when we go into the marketplace, it's kind of a normal cycle. We have gone about 75% fixed, 25% LIBOR or floating and tied to the 3 months. But we have substantially swapped that out to fixed at this point. 
Operator: And with that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Jen Thompson for closing remarks. 
Jennifer Thompson: Thank you for listening to our call this quarter. Please call us if you have any follow-up comments or questions. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-17 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew Cecere - President, Chief Executive Officer Terrance Dolan - Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer Bill Parker - Chief Risk Officer Jennifer Thompson - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Amanda Larsen - Jefferies John Pancari - Evercore ISI Scott Siefers - Sandler ONeill Kevin Barker - Piper Jaffray Ricky - Deutsche Bank Erika Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch David Long - Raymond James Brian Klock - KBW
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorps Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings conference call. Following a review of the results by Andy Cecere, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Terry Dolan, U.S. Bancorps Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question, please press star, one on your touchtone phone, and press the pound key to withdraw. This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately noon Eastern time through Wednesday, January 24 at 12:00 midnight Eastern time. I will now turn the conference call over to Jenn Thompson of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Jennifer Thompson: Thank you, Jamie, and good morning to everyone who has joined our call. Andy Cecere, Terry Dolan, and Bill Parker are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorps fourth quarter results and to answer your questions. Andy and Terry will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of the slide presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at usbank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during todays call are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of todays presentation, in our press release, and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks Jenn, and good morning everyone, and thank you for joining our call. We have a lot to talk about this morning, and as usual well take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. Ill start with Slide 3. In the fourth quarter, we reported earnings per share of $0.97, which included several notable items amounting to $0.09 per share. Let me take a minute to talk about these notable items. The tax reform legislation that was passed a few weeks ago is a very positive development that will provide immediate and ongoing benefit to our employees, customers, communities and our shareholders as we invest a portion of our tax savings in each of these important constituencies. As a result of the signing of the legislation, the company recognized a one-time fourth quarter benefit related to the revaluation of our tax-related assets and liabilities of $910 million. In connection with this event, we took the opportunity to make $150 million contribution to our charitable foundation and we accrued $67 million for a special one-time bonus to certain eligible employees. The impact of these two items was approximately $152 million net of tax. We also recognized an accrual of $608 million for costs associated with legal and regulatory matters and an investigation discussed in previous filings related to our legacy bank secrecy, anti-money laundering compliance program, and a legacy banking relationship between U.S. Bank and a former customers business. U.S. Bank has worked diligently over the past several years to improve and strengthen its AML controls, processes and staff, including increasing compliance staff and making significant investments in systems. U.S. Bank embraces the highest standards of integrity, risk management and compliance, and we remain committed to continually improving our controls and processes across the enterprise to protect all of our stakeholders. The 8-K we filed this morning provides additional information on this topic. Our earnings per share were $0.88, excluding the notable items. Slide 4 provides highlights of our results. Loan growth was in line with our expectation at 0.8%, credit quality was stable, and our book value increased by 6.9% from a year earlier. We returned 72% of our earnings to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. Slide 5 highlights key performance metrics. Our performance, excluding notable items, in the fourth quarter was highlighted by a 13.4% return on average common equity, a 17% return on tangible common equity, and a 1.33% return on average assets. We delivered positive operating leverage on a year-over-year basis in the fourth quarter and our efficiency ratio, excluding notable items, was 55.3%. Now let me turn the call over to Terry to provide more detail on the quarter as well as forward-looking guidance.
Terrance Dolan: Thanks Andy, and good morning. If you turn to Slide 6, Ill start with a balance sheet review and follow up with a discussion of fourth quarter earnings trends. My remarks will be referencing results excluding the notable items. In the fourth quarter, average loans increased by 0.8% on a linked quarter basis and grew 2.6% from a year ago. Commercial loans increased 1.0% sequentially. We continued to gain market share across our commercial lending businesses. Commitment levels increased in the fourth quarter; however; line utilization rates continue at historical low levels and pay down activity remained elevated in the quarter as some borrowers tapped capital markets to fund long-term funding needs. Pay downs also continued to negatively impact our commercial real estate portfolio. We remain prudent in our lending activity in both our construction and commercial mortgage lines, continuing to forego loan opportunities that do not fit our return and risk appetite. Primarily as a result of the pay down activity and our prudent view in lending in commercial real estate in general at this time, average total commercial real estate loans declined by 1.5% in the fourth quarter, which contributed to a 40 basis point drag to our total average loan growth for the quarter. Retail loan growth of 1.9% was supported by strong growth in installment loans and retail leasing. During the quarter, credit card loans increased 1.4% sequentially, partly reflecting seasonality, and mortgage loans increased 1.0%. Turning to Slide 7, average total deposits increased 1.2% on a linked quarter basis and 3.0% year-over-year. Compared with the third quarter, non-interest bearing deposits increased slightly and saving deposits grew 1.4%, reflecting growth in consumer and business banking and wealth management and investment services. Our interest-bearing deposit betas continue to perform consistently with past experience. We expect the total interest bearing deposit beta following the most recent rate hike will end up between about 30 to 35%. As future rate hikes occur, we continue to expect our deposit beta will gradually trend toward a 50% level; however, the pace toward that level continues to be somewhat slower than we initially anticipated primarily due to lower than expected betas in our consumer deposits. On Slide 8, you can see that credit quality was relatively stable compared to the third quarter. Net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans declined one basis point on both a linked quarter basis and year-over-year. Non-performing assets declined by 4.0% on a linked quarter basis and were 25% lower than a year ago. I will now move onto earnings results. Slide 9 provides highlights of fourth quarter results versus comparable periods. Record fourth quarter net revenue of $5.6 billion was up 0.5% compared with the third quarter and up 3.7% versus the fourth quarter of 2016. On Slide 10, net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis was $3.2 billion in the fourth quarter, up modestly compared with the third quarter and up 6.4% year over year. Linked quarter and year-over-year growth were both supported by growth in loans and higher loan yields. In the fourth quarter, the net interest margin decreased two basis points to 3.08% as expected. Excluding interest recoveries that contributed approximately two basis points to the third quarter margin, the net interest margin would have been unchanged. Slide 11 highlights trends in non-interest income, which increased by 0.8% on a linked quarter basis and 0.4% year-over-year. On a year-over-year basis, corporate payments systems revenue grew 10.5% and credit and debit card revenue grew 5.4%, both driven by higher sales volumes. Trust and investment management fees increased 7.1% mainly due to favorable market conditions and net asset and account growth. Somewhat offsetting this strong fee performance was a 15.8% decrease in mortgage banking revenue driven by lower refinancing activity which impacted production margins for the industry, as well as slightly lower merchant revenue. In line with our previous guidance, merchant processing revenue declined 1% from a year earlier mainly due to the exiting of certain joint ventures in the second quarter of 2017 and the impact of weather events that occurred late in the third quarter of 2017. Turning to Slide 12, non-interest expense increased 2.5% compared with the third quarter of 2017. The increase in expenses was primarily due to seasonally higher costs related to investments in tax advantaged projects. On a year-over-year basis, expenses grew by 3.6%, reflecting higher compensation and employee benefits expense mainly related to hiring to support business growth and compliance programs. Regulatory and compliance expense growth has slowed in recent quarters and continues to moderate towards the companys overall expense rate. Its worth noting that in the fourth quarter, professional services expense decreased 27% versus a year ago, reflecting fewer consulting services as compliance programs near maturity. Slide 13 highlights our capital position. At December 31, our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio estimated using the Basel III standardized approach as if fully implemented was 9.1%. This compares to our capital target of 8.5%. Ill now provide some forward-looking guidance. Let me start with a discussion of how our earnings will be positively impacted by tax reform on a go-forward basis. Our effective rate in 2018 is expected to be approximately 16% for federal tax purposes plus 3 to 4% for state taxes, or approximately 9% in total. We expect our taxable equivalent to tax rates to decline to about 21.5%. This compares with our taxable equivalent tax rate, excluding notable items, of about 29.8% in the fourth quarter of 2017. Consistent with our capital management policies, we plan to reinvest approximately 25% of the tax benefit we expect to realize in business growth initiatives, including technology, innovation and business automation, as well as in our employees. Inclusive of these accelerated investments, we expect to deliver positive operating leverage for the full year of 2018. Now let me shift to first quarter 2018 guidance. We expect net interest income to increase at a mid-single digit pace on a year-over-year basis. Due to the impact of day count, we expect net interest income to be modestly lower on a linked quarter basis as is typically the case in the first quarter. We expect fee income to increase at a low single digit pace on a year-over-year basis. On a linked quarter basis, fee income is typically lower in the first quarter due to seasonally lower credit card and merchant processing sales volumes and seasonally lower deposit service charges. We expect expense growth on a year-over-year basis to be in the mid-single digit range. On a linked quarter basis, non-interest expense is typically seasonally higher in the first quarter due to higher compensation costs reflecting the timing of merit increases, employee benefits, employee incentive programs, and marketing activities. This is somewhat offset by seasonally lower tax credit amortization and professional service costs. We expect non-interest expense to increase slightly on a linked quarter basis. We expect credit quality to remain relatively stable compared to the fourth quarter. Ill hand it back to Andy for closing remarks.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks Terry. We are now 10 years past what, in hindsight, was the beginning of a national crisis. By almost any account, the banking industry has re-emerged stronger, safer, and more nimble. Today the economy appears to be on firm footing. The regulatory environment is becoming more supportive of growth and tax reform will arguable promote job growth, consumer spending, and prolong the growth base of this business cycle. Against this backdrop, U.S. Bank is well positioned to win market share in our lending and fee businesses and deliver improving returns on equity while operating with the same risk discipline that has served us well through many credit environments. The delivery of predictable, industry-leading profitability and returns has been a constant over the years, but recently the pace of improvement in these metrics has been limited by headwinds we have faced, some within our control, some out of our control. However, there is reason to believe that these headwinds are starting to abate. First, expenses have been higher than we considered normalized primarily due to costs related to addressing our consent order with the OCC. However, the heavy lifting is completed and we expect compliance and regulatory costs to continue to revert towards our overall expense growth trajectory. Fee headwinds are starting to shift in our favor. Mortgage refinance activity, which has been a headwind for the industry, is declining at a diminishing pace, and home sales continue to strengthen. Strategic decisions and market challenges depressed our merchant processing in revenue in 2017; however, we remain confident that merchant processing revenue will return to a mid-single digit growth trajectory by the third quarter. While diminishing headwinds are beneficial, what we are most optimistic about is the potential for investments that we have previously made in our businesses, as well as investments we plan to make in the future, to increasingly manifest in the form of improving top line revenue growth and profitability. Our corporate payments services business is firing on all cylinders heading into 2018. For the first time in many years, both the commercial business sector, which is benefiting from higher T&E spend, and the government sector are showing good momentum. In our wealth management and investment services businesses, market share gains are being driven by new client growth. In our traditional banking businesses, we are up-tiering our clients in corporate bank and moving up the lead tables in our capital markets businesses. On the consumer side, investments over the past several years aimed at enhancing our auto relationships are driving strong market share growth. We are well positioned as one of the few remaining non-captive lessors in the industry and as one of the few financers to offer both a lending and leasing option to our dealers. It is clear that past investment spending is delivering the intended results, and we expect to reap those benefits for years to come. Now, because of tax reform, we have the opportunity to accelerate our investment spending. We will target additional technology and innovation spending on the initiatives aimed at enhancing the customer experience and leveraging our competitive positioning, with a particular focus on payments, digital and mobile banking, and B2B capabilities. Technology and innovation are core to our long-term strategy for growth, and were excited about the opportunity to advance key initiatives that will support both top line revenue and improved operating efficiencies. To wrap up, I believe that 2018 will prove to be a very good year for U.S. Bank, and by that I mean for the entirety of what makes us U.S. Bank - our employees, our customers, our communities, and of course our shareholders. That concludes our formal remarks. Terry, Bill and I will now be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Your first question comes from Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Amanda Larsen: Hi, its Amanda Larsen on for Ken.
Andrew Cecere: Hi Amanda.
Amanda Larsen: Did you all say that your effective tax rate is going to be 19%? Can you go over that again?
Terrance Dolan: Yes, it was 19%.
Amanda Larsen: Okay, great. Then the expense outlook, you noted that youre planning on reinvesting approximately 25% of the benefit, and you noted that there would be an expense growth rate in 1Q18 of mid single digits. Should we expect that for the full year 18, were going to move to the mid-single digit range in lieu of that 3 to 5% you guys had previously discussed?
Terrance Dolan: Yes. When we end up looking at expenses for the full year of 2018, because of the reinvestment that we plan on making, you would expect us to be in that mid-single digits and the high end of that range.
Amanda Larsen: Okay, thanks. Then also, can you touch upon the growth outlook for 18, particularly in deposit service charges area and treasury management? A couple of your competitors have announced some changes - overdraft, making more customer friendly, and then on treasury management, just if you are moving that earnings credit rate yet. Thank you.
Terrance Dolan: Yes, and thanks for the question. From a fee standpoint, so if you think about deposit service charges, we made a lot of those types of changes a while back, and so I wouldnt see us making any further changes with respect to our fee structure at this particular point in time. We have seen good growth with respect to deposit service charges, and that is really tied to both deposit balance and just growth in terms of consumer accounts. In terms of treasury management, treasury management has been a real success story for us this year. Weve seen good core growth in terms of client relationships throughout the year, and we would continue to expect that that will have a positive impact going into 2018. As deposit rates do rise, though, we would expect that we would be making some adjustment to the earnings credit rate, and that would dampen it a bit.
Andrew Cecere: Id add, Terry, as we think about treasury management, we think about it in combination with corporate payments because theyre really two parts of the same component, and corporate payments in particular has had a wonderful year - 11% growth, both on the government as well as the corporate side. Our virtual pay product is growing 22%, and as we think about the future, theres going to be that combination of thinking about treasury management together with corporate payments.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
John Pancari : Good morning.
Andrew Cecere: Morning.
John Pancari: On the merchant processing side, Andy, I know you indicated that youre confident you can get back to that mid-single digit growth rate by third quarter. What are you seeing thats giving you that confidence in the rebound?
Andrew Cecere: Ill ask Terry to add on, but I think the principle reason is two of the impacts this year and this quarter were weather related as well as the exit of the joint ventures that weve talked about in the past. The weather related will diminish greatly in the first quarter and going forward, and we lap the exit of the joint ventures starting in the second half of 18.
Terrance Dolan: Yes, so the impact of those two is about 2.5 to 3%, and again the weather events diminish pretty significantly in the first quarter and then by the end of the second quarter, as Andy said. The other thing were seeing is that sales volumes in our merchant acquiring business have been particularly strong. Were 4%-plus in terms of same store sales, which was good - we saw some nice lift in the fourth quarter, and then our overall sales were about 7.3%, kind of in that ballpark, and thats because were seeing nice growth in terms of new business. We believe that that momentum that we started to create in the merchant acquiring business is going to help us generate that mid single digits by the end of the--by the second half of 2018.
John Pancari: Okay. All right, thats good. Then on the loan growth side, just wanted to get a little bit more color in terms of what youre thinking about for 2018. Is it fair to assume still around GDP, GDP plus, so 2 to 3% growth in loans as you look at 18; and on that front, on commercial real estate, just want to get your updated thoughts on when we could see some stabilization and possibly some growth in that line. Thanks.
Terrance Dolan: Yes, so let me take it first and then Ill hand it off to Bill. If you think about loan growth, in the near term there is certainly going to be impacts of tax performance. Its a little bit difficult to forecast, but quite honestly loan growth in the near term is going to be dependent upon the level of pay downs that we see and that sort of activity in the capital markets as corporate customers realign or rebalance their debt structure, the capital structure if you will. I think your expectation of GDP, kind of in that range or a little plus of that is a good or reasonable estimate as you think about the full year, but in the near term its going to be impacted by some of the things that we see in terms of customer behavior.
Bill Parker: Ill pick up on your question on commercial real estate. The commercial mortgage line, which has seen decreases for the last several quarters, I think thats a function of the interest rate environment. Once we get through this rate increase environment, see more stabilization there, I think well be more able to build that book. On the construction side, we are seeing some positive growth on our residential construction area. Weve been expanding that into the southeast and were hopeful with the tax bill that perhaps multi-family should come back, so were looking forward to being aggressive in that area in 18.
Terrance Dolan: Then John, maybe the last thing I would just add in terms of loan growth is that in the latter half of 2017, and I think with tax reform, we are seeing momentum in terms of consumer spend and consumer activity, and I think that that bodes well with respect to loan growth on the retail side.
John Pancari: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Siefers with Sandler ONeill. Your line is open.
Scott Siefers: Morning guys.
Andrew Cecere: Morning Scott.
Scott Siefers: A quick question just on the mid-single digit expense growth for 18. Just so Im clear, can you give maybe the dollar amount off which--for 2017 off which youre basing the mid-single digit growth expectation?
Terrance Dolan: Yes, I think if you end up looking at our growth rate this year, it was a little bit above 5% on a year-over-year basis, and we expected that to continue to improve excluding the tax reform and some of the reinvestment that we end up making. With that tax reform, that really is kind of what causes us to think were going to be at the high end of that range, or in the mid-single digits.
Andrew Cecere: I think, Terry, when were talking about the base for that, it is off of the numbers excluding notable items, which I think is about $12.1 billion of expense.
Terrance Dolan: Yes, yes.
Scott Siefers: Okay, perfect. Yes, that clarifies it. I appreciate it. Then I think you guys said in the prepared remarks that you would expect positive operating leverage excluding the investments. I guess that implies revenue growth somewhere at or below the mid-single digits?
Terrance Dolan: No Scott, we expect positive operating leverage including the investments - including the investments.
Scott Siefers: Oh, including - okay. All right, good. I appreciate that clarification. Just wanted to make sure I heard it correctly, and I did not, so. Thats it for me, so I appreciate it.
Terrance Dolan: Thank you, Scott.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Barker with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Kevin Barker: Thanks for taking my questions. I just wanted to get a little bit more detail on the innovation spending that youre making, and when you think about the range of mid-single digit growth rates, can you put some parameters around that?
Andrew Cecere: Our focus is going to be on the things I talked about, which is digital, mobile banking, B2B, brand, continuing our expansion of our customer base and our customer experience, and as well as our employees, and we talked about the increased $15 minimum wage. But those are all the things were talking about, and as you think about what weve been doing, our success is really dependent on continuing to innovate and continuing to deliver the very best customer experience, so those are the things were focused on that, over time, will continue to drive the growth that weve been experiencing. Then Terry, in that mid-single digits, were talking around 5% or so in terms of expenses, right?
Terrance Dolan: Yes, thats right.
Kevin Barker: Okay, and then in regards to the flow through into 2019, 2020, will you start to return back to your longer term target 3 to 5% expense growth rate, or do you feel like that will continue for the next couple years?
Terrance Dolan: Yes Kevin, maybe let me take that. If you think about incremental investments that youre making, theres kind of an arc, and I think about it over kind of a two or three-year time frame, making the investments today and you start to see the revenue benefit in that second half of the second year and then into the third year. So when we think about 2019 and 2020, we have to kind of think about that arc, if you will. I do believe that as you get down to the 2020 time horizon, youre going to see that incremental revenue thats going to be impacting the business positively, but the double benefit of that is that with the digital initiatives that we have going on, we also would expect to see efficiencies come from those investments as well, following that sort of time horizon.
Andrew Cecere: And importantly, Terry, as you said, were looking at this from both a revenue and an expense perspective, and were making the additional investments to grow the revenue, and to simply say that were going to manage both sides of that equation, the positive operating leverage in 18,19, 20 and going forward.
Kevin Barker: Okay, thanks for taking my questions.
Terrance Dolan: Thanks Kevin.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt OConnor with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ricky : Hi, this is actually Ricky from Matts team. Sorry if I missed this, but Im wondering if you could touch a bit on NIM outlook for the year, both with and without additional hikes, and the puts and takes there.
Terrance Dolan: Yes, given all the moving parts, Ricky, I think one of the things were going to focus really on is giving guidance with respect to net interest income, so when we think about net interest income going into next year, we would expect growth pretty similar to what we see this year, fee income growth being a little bit stronger. That net interest income growth is going to be driven by our expectations around loan growth and just the rising rate environment.
Ricky: Got it, and then maybe one follow-up. It looks like securities ticked up a bit this quarter. Wondering if you could talk a bit about that and what the trajectory for the securities book should look like in 2018. Is that going to track overall balance sheet growth, or whats the thinking there?
Terrance Dolan: Yes, the way that we end up managing our investment portfolio is really from a liquidity management standpoint, and that will track very consistently with the growth in average earning assets.
Ricky: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erika Najarian with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Erika Najarian: Yes, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions.
Terrance Dolan: Hey Erika.
Andrew Cecere: Morning.
Erika Najarian: Good morning. My first question is just on the regulatory backdrop. It seems like there is bipartisan momentum to pass some amendments to Dodd-Frank, and obviously the Senate version has a dollar threshold of $250 billion. Im wondering if you could sort of share some feedback - does that simply mean if the new threshold for SIFI is $250 billion that nothing changes for U.S. Bank, or does that put you in a different tier in terms of SIFI rules?
Andrew Cecere: My expectation, Erika, is that we would see limited changes to the U.S. Bank. As a reminder, were above $250 billion but we dont have a SIFI buffer on the capital component. Were already at the capital levels. We have the processes in place for CCAR and stress testing, so I expect limited change or impact to our company.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Just as a follow up to Rickys question, could you share embedded in your positive operating leverage guidance how many rate hikes you presume for 2018, and also the shape of the curve for 2018?
Terrance Dolan: Yes, so when were thinking about 2018, we expect that were going to see rate hikes, probably a couple rate hikes, and then one in December, so well see two kind of midyear, and then in terms of the yield curve, we kind of established our plan or our forecast based upon where the yield curve was in that mid-December time frame, and as you know, recently its steepened a little bit but I think theres probably going to be movement up and down in terms of where that yield curve is. Theres going to be pressure, and I think its probably going to flatten a bit as rates rise during the year as well.
Erika Najarian: Got it, thank you.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks Erika.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Long with Raymond James. Your line is open.
David Long: Morning everyone.
Terrance Dolan: Hey David.
David Long: Just wanted to get your thoughts on any potential competing away of any of the tax benefits, whether that happens in 2018 or further on down the road.
Terrance Dolan: Yes, so this is Terry. When you think about tax reform, I think how it ends up getting utilized, we talked about the reinvestment; but the competition in terms of pricing, we obviously live in a pretty dynamic environment. I do think that there is going to be some bleed that will take place because of competitive pricing, but I also expect that thats going to take place over time and its probably going to be a little bit different, depending upon the product and the service and the customer segment that you have. Obviously, we operate in a pretty competitive environment, so ultimately how much gets competed away will be dependent upon that competition. I would say that if you think about the last 10 years, though, the industry has run at lower return levels because its been real difficult to price in things like regulatory costs and the cost of capital and liquidity, and all sorts of things. So I do think that especially for some period of time, the banking industry is going to try to recapture some of that in terms of its returns, and as a result from a competitive standpoint I think that will be a little bit delayed.
David Long: Got it, appreciate the color. Thanks.
Operator: Again if you would like to ask a question, press star, one on your telephone keypad. Your next question comes from Brian Klock with KBW. Your line is open.
Brian Klock: Good morning everyone.
Terrance Dolan: Hi Brian.
Brian Klock: I have a question, I guess probably for Bill. Talking about the CRE pay downs, I noticed that there was a tick-up in charge-offs after being in a net recovery position in the CRE book for a while. Can you talk about that? I think the note was related to enclosed malls that were written down, so can you give us a little bit of color on that?
Bill Parker: Sure. Well, obviously at this point in the cycle, you eventually run out of the recovery, so were pretty much there on the CRE book. On the enclosed malls, we do have a smaller portfolio of what Id call small market enclosed malls, and I think some of those were more harder hit with this shift to online, so thats where we saw that. The overall portfolio is about $700 million, but we dont expect that to continue each quarter. We just had a couple of deals this quarter that we had to deal with.
Brian Klock: All right, great. Thanks, thats helpful. A follow-up question for Andy, I guess - thinking about the legal settlement or the legal accrual that you had in the quarter related to BSA AML, and I know you guys have spent a lot of money and a lot of effort to remediate that, can you give us an update on where you stand, or where you think you stand with that regulatory order?
Andrew Cecere: Yes, that hasnt changed, Brian. We completed most of the--all of the systems integration and process and build, as well as the people and process at the end of 2017, and were now on a sustainability phase of it and we will continue to be in there for the first half of 18, which is really ensuring that the processes weve put in place are acting and performing as expected.
Brian Klock: Okay, so its possible maybe back half of 18, you could be looking or being able to pursue bank acquisitions again? Is that reasonable, or is this something we should think about for 19?
Andrew Cecere: You know, thats dependent upon the regulator, certainly, but we are doing everything on our end to make sure were performing as well as we can. As I said, I think we have all the processes and systems and people in place, now its just a matter of going through it and ensuring that theyre working appropriately. I would also remind you that the M&A activity that weve been focused on has been not related to the AML consent order of things, like card portfolios, payments, and trust activities. Well continue to look at those items.
Brian Klock: Right. Helpful, and thanks for your time.
Andrew Cecere: Thank you, Brian.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to the presenters.
Jennifer Thompson: Thank you everyone for listening to our call. Please contact us if you have any follow-up questions.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jen Thompson - Director, Investor Relations Andy Cecere - President and Chief Executive Officer Terry Dolan - Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer Bill Parker - Vice Chairman and Chief Risk Officer
Analysts: Matt O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners. - Erika Najarian - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch John Pancari - Evercore Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Ken Usdin - Jefferies Saul Martinez - UBS. Brian Foran - Autonomous Mike Mayo - Wells Fargo Securities Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks Kevin Barker - Piper Jaffray Gerard Cassidy - RBC Terry McEvoy - Stephens
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to U.S. Bancorp's Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. Following a review of the results by Andy Cecere, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Terry Dolan, U.S. Bancorp's Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately noon, Eastern Daylight Time, through Wednesday, October 25 at 12 midnight Eastern Daylight Time. I will now turn the conference over to Jen Thompson of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Jen Thompson: Thank you, Melissa and good morning to everyone who has joined our call. Andy Cecere, Terry Dolan and Bill Parker are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorp's third quarter results and to answer your questions. Andy and Terry will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of the slide presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at usbank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of today's presentation in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Andy.
Andy Cecere: Thanks Jen. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining our call. Terry and I will discuss third quarter results and provide you with some forward-looking guidance, after that, we'll take your questions. I'll start in Slide 3 of the presentation. Third quarter net income totaled $1.6 billion or $0.88 per diluted share. Our performance was highlighted by record revenue in net income and earnings per share and our return on tangible common equity was 18%. Slide 4 highlights our key profitability metrics, each of which improved on both the linked quarter and year-over-year basis. The return on average assets for the third quarter was 1.38% and return on common equity was 13.6%. You can see on the far right of the chart that our efficiency ratio improved to 54.3%. On our second quarter earnings call, I told you that we will deliver positive operating leverage in the third quarter on a year-over-year basis and we did.  Our revenue growth remained strong in the third quarter while our year-over-year expense growth dropped to 3.7% which is a significant improvement compared with the year-over-year growth rate we've experienced over the past several quarters. The above normal expense growth rate over that timeframe was primarily tied to expenses incurred to address the AML consent order. The people and processes needed to address these issues are substantially in place. And these costs have beginning to normalize towards the company's overall expense growth rate. We've reached in inflection point and we expect to deliver positive operating leverage on a year-over-year basis in the fourth quarter and in 2018.  I want to emphasize, however, that we'll continue to make prudent investment in our business to world that is changing at a faster pace never before. We are embracing the new reality of constant change and evolving customer behavior. Our ability to leverage technology and innovation to drive growth and improve efficiency will be fundamental component of our success. While the banking environment continues to evolve, our balance sheet is strong and growing. Credit quality is stable, we are winning market share in our businesses and we are delivering positive operating leverage. In summary, we are well positioned heading into the end of the year and looking ahead to 2018. Terry will now provide some details on the quarter. 
Terry Dolan: Thank you, Andy. If you turn to Slide 5, I'll start with the balancing review and follow-up with the discussion of third quarter earnings trends. Average loans increased by 0.8% on a linked quarter basis and grew 3.0% from a year ago. Commercial loan grew 1.0% sequentially. While we continue to gain market share across our commercial lending businesses, some large corporate customers took advantage of a mid quarter decline in interest rate to secure low, long term funding. This preference for bond issuance benefited our capital market business and continues to impact total loan growth. The decline in commercial real estate loans reflects our prudent outlook for commercial real estate lending at this time and pay down activities as customers refinance to extend maturities at relatively low interest rate.  Retail loan growth of 2.6% was supported by robust growth in installment loans and retail leasing. Strong growth in retail leasing reflects customer preference shifts toward lease financing as well as market share gains with dealers and manufactures.  Turning to Slide 6, average total deposits increased 1.2% on a linked quarter basis and 5.2% year-over-year. We saw 0.9% decline in noninterest bearing deposits partly reflect the normal third quarter seasonality in our trust business, as well as investment managers deploying trust cash balances into other asset categories. Our total interest bearing deposit beta is similar to previous quarters and in line with our expectation. As future rate hikes occur, we would have expected the beta will gradually trend toward a 50% level.  On Slide 7, you can see the credit quality was relatively stable in the quarter, net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans were 47 basis points in the third quarter and non-performing assets declined by 7.3% on a linked quarter basis. Our $360 million provision expense reflects normal provisioning related to loan growth, as well as potential credit losses for markets affected by the two recent hurricanes which occurred in the third quarter. After an assessment of credit exposures within the impacted areas, we do not expect any impact to the provision for credit losses in future quarters.  I'll now move to earnings results. Slide 8 provides highlights of third quarter results versus comparable periods. Record third quarter net income of $1.6 billion was up 4.2% compared with the second quarter and up 4.1% versus the third quarter of 2016. Revenue totaled a record $5.6 billion, up 2.2% on a linked quarter basis and 4.1% higher compared with the same quarter a year ago.  On Slide 9, net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis was $3.2 billion in the third quarter, up 3.8% linked and 8.3% year-over-year. Comparisons in both quarters benefited from earning asset growth and higher interest rates. In the third quarter, the net interest margin increased six basis points to 3.10% slightly higher than our guidance. The third quarter margin benefited from higher than expected interest recoveries that contributed approximately two basis points on linked quarter basis.  Slide 10 highlights trends in noninterest income which increased by 0.1% on a linked quarter basis and was down 0.9% year-over-year. On a year-over-year basis, credit and debit card revenue increased 3.0% on higher sales volumes. Credit and debit card revenue growth was muted somewhat by fewer processes and cycles in the third quarter of 2017, compared with a year ago and year-over-year impact of previously acquired portfolio. Trust and asset management revenue grew 5.0% reflecting strong core business growth and favorable market conditions. Lower mortgage revenue primarily reflects a lower refinancing activity from a year ago. Merchant processing revenue was down 1.7% on year-over-year. As we previously discussed our recent exit of two joint ventures negatively affected the linked and year-over-year comparison. In addition, the recent hurricane conditions adversely impacted sales volume and related revenue in the third quarter. Excluding the impact of the weather conditions during the third quarter, merchant processing revenue was essentially flat from a year ago as expected.  Turning to Slide 11, noninterest expense increase to 0.5% compared with the second quarter of 2017, and was up 3.7% versus the third quarter of 2016. On a year-over-year basis, higher personnel costs were partially offset by lower legal professional expenses and marketing expenses. Slide 12 highlights our capital position. At September 30, our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio estimated using the Basel III standardized approach as if fully implemented was 9.4%. This compares to our capital target of 8.5%. I will now provide some forward-looking guidance for the fourth quarter. We expect linked quarter total average loan to grow at pace similar to the third growth rate. We expect that net interest margin to be essentially flat to the third quarter which included two basis points related to unusually high interest recoveries for this period in the business cycle. With respect to fee revenue, the third quarter is seasonally our highest quarter for growth. We expect fee revenue to be essentially flat on a linked quarter basis and on a year-over-year basis.  As Andy discussed, we will deliver positive operating leverage on a year-over-year basis in the fourth quarter and in 2018, supported by expense growth in the 3% to 5% range. As a reminder, linked quarter expense growth in the fourth quarter is seasonally impacted by the timing of professional services and higher tax credit amortization expense. We expect credit quality to remain stable.  I'll hand it back to Andy for closing comments. 
Andy Cecere: Thanks Terry. This company has a history that is remarkable for its consistent high performance. But we are always looking for ways to improve. This is the time to look ahead and I am very optimistic about the future .At its core banking is a relatively simple business. As with anything execution will be the differentiator. The winners in this industry would be those banks that anticipate customer preferences and deliver the product and services they demand in a most convenient and efficient manner. Towards that end, every single leader in this company is focused on two mandates. First, deliver on the promise of one US Bank by putting the customer at the center of every discussion and every decision regardless which door their customer walk through. Second, figure out how to optimize everything we do whether it's optimizing the customer experience, the distribution model or the customer relationship. Figure out the most efficient and most valued way to deliver the highest quality product and services and then do it. If we execute effectively, which I'm confident we'll, results not only the industry leading but improving returns. And we will deliver those results within the parameters of a risk management framework that considers both the current and future environment.  I am looking forward to leading this company to the next phase of its evolution. Supported what I truly believe is the best team in the banking industry. That concludes our formal remarks. Terry, Bill and I will now be happy to answer your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. 
Matt O'Connor: Good morning. I was wondering if you could just talk a bit about the deposit pricing strategy both on the interest bearing side and the noninterest deposits were down a little bit linked quarter on average basis, little bit more on a trade end basis. And just comments in terms of what type of migration that you are seeing out of the noninterest bearing into other buckets? 
Terry Dolan: Now so this is Terry, Matt. Let me talk a little bit about the deposit balances first. When you end up working at core deposit balances we really saw a little change relatively stable. Where the decreases did occur principally in a couple of different areas about $900 million it is really seasonal decreases that we always see for the second and the third quarter that's really tied to kind of our corporate trust business. Then we also saw some balances that went out simply because of custodial type of activities so those tend to be a little bit -- they fluctuate a little bit. Our time deposits were up a little and that was principally because of some decisions related to large customers. We expect that to be relatively short term and for those to flow out early in the fourth quarter. So but when you end up looking at the core deposit balances, they were reasonably stable during the quarter. The deposit pricing standpoint, let me just kind of talk about it, we haven't seen a lot of change relatively what we've been experienced in the past. We end up looking at retail deposit pricing or deposit beta they are essentially unchanged at this particular point in time and we don't see a lot of competitive pressure with respect to that. Our wholesale deposit pricing, we are essentially just being responsive to competitive pricing in the marketplace and that can be in certain markets a little bit on the West Coast and little bit in the New York area but not a lot of widespread competitive pressure that we are seeing. But those rates on the wholesale side are starting to go up. I'd also say if you end up looking at our corporate trust and deposits, those tend to be highly operational and fairly stable as well. So and keep that in mind too. 
Andy Cecere: And Terry you focused on average deposit being core relatively stable because any day period end could be very volatile given the trust. 
Terry Dolan : Exactly, yes.
Operator: Your next question is from Scott Siefers from Sandler O'Neill & Partners. 
Scott Siefers : Good morning, guys. Terry you had just sort of given the outlook for sort of flattish fees as you see them in the fourth quarter and then I guess year-over-year as well. Just as you see what are sort of the major nuisances in that guidance? In other words what are the puts and takes? And as you think about just the payments business in particular, appreciate the comment on both the JV exit and the hurricane activity but just how you are thinking about progression in those businesses? 
Terry Dolan : Sure. Yes, when you end up looking at fee income it's typically seasonally flat to down in the fourth quarter. And that comes from a variety of different categories. Mortgage banking, from a market standpoint is a typically seasonally and little bit lower in the fourth quarter. Our payments businesses are typically a little seasonally down especially in the corporate payments space. So there are a number of kinds of categories that tend to be flat to down. Our commercial product revenue is typically flat to down a little bit as well because capital market activities tend to slow a little bit in the fourth quarter. So there are a number of different areas where you see that seasonal impact taking place. Let me tell you -- let me talk a little bit which is kind of your second question on the payments revenue. And you kind of keep in mind that we have really three businesses that are part to that. First is the credit card and debit card business and year-over-year the growth is about 3.0%. That was impacted by fewer processing days, and that's something that's unique to US bank because it's based upon how we best process those sales transaction in any one quarter and the third quarter happened to have one fewer processing cycle if you will. Sales on a reported basis, on a credit card perspective were up about 5.1%, without that processing cycle would have been about 6%. So that's pretty consistent with what we've seen in the past. That 3.0% is probably impacted by about one percentage point because of that processing day. When you think about the fourth quarter, we would have expected that credit card revenue to rebound a little bit because of that processing cycle that I talked about. And when we think about that particular business we can think about kind of mid single digit in terms of revenue growth on a year-over-year basis. Second category is really merchant acquiring and last quarter we talked about the fact that we exited the joint ventures. And we expected revenue to be essentially flat. And when we look at the impact of the joint ventures, that about 2% to 2.5% but the other thing that happened in the quarter as you know as we had three hurricanes and earthquake in Mexico and a variety of different things like that that end up impacting revenue growth by about 1.5%. As we think about fourth quarter, the impact of the hurricanes is going to continue. We still have a significant number of merchant that are either offline or have relatively slow sales as they continue to kind of come online. And so when we think about the fourth quarter we really think that merchant acquired revenue is probably going to be flat year-over-year. And then last business is our CPS business and we had a great quarter in CPS. If you end up looking at the total revenue within CPS it was up about 5% -- little over 5%, 5.8% on a year-over-year basis. Then you know we've been investing in a business pretty significantly, we talked about virtual pay in and some other things but we were investing in a couple of years ago. And we are starting to see some really nice dividend and momentum in that particular business. And when we look on a year-over-year basis we would expect to see continued growth and strength in that particular area but on a sequential basis or a linked quarter basis, it typically is a lower quarter in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question is from Erika Najarian with Bank of America. 
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning. I just wanted to follow up on Scott's line of questioning. I completely appreciate that's probably too early to give outlook on the puts and takes behind the commitment deposit operating leverage for 2018. But I am wondering similarly how you walk through in the fourth quarter. Could you give us a sense of the big trend that you are seeing over the next 12 months that could drive fee growth next year? And I am wondering that because clearly you outlined the seasonality in the fourth quarter but also the fees are expected to be flat year-over-year. So just the big trend would be great. 
Terry Dolan : Yes. At a very high level, again this is Terry. I think one of the biggest drags that we had this year was really related to mortgage banking revenue and so when we look into 2018, we see that has been relatively stable or starting to grow from there. And that was one of the biggest factors. And then within the merchant acquiring I think is probably the other major area that we'll continue to see strengthening in terms of the year-over-year growth rate because as those joint ventures kind of lapse in the second quarter of next year, some of the hurricane effects and some of the investments we've been making in that business, we should continue to see strength. Andy you want to add anything else here?
Andy Cecere: The only thing I would add to your question Erika is that on the expense side the equation as we mentioned in our prepared comments, I think we've reached an inflection point in terms of their higher growth rate that we've seen in the past. What you saw this quarter is more consistent with that 3% to 5% that we talked about. So balance sheet growth together with the income growth that Terry articulated and more normalized expense growth will give us that positive operating leverage. 
Erika Najarian: Thank you. And just a follow up to that. There has been a wide swing in terms of expectations for rate from just early in September to now. And I am wondering Andy you seemed very committed to the expense side of the efficiency ratio equation, if the revenue outlook for next year is not as robust as we think because of whatever the rate outlook is, is there enough flex in the expense base and that you could continue to make the investments that you referred to in prepared remarks but still deliver the positive operating leverage. 
Andy Cecere: So, Erika we are projecting what the market has in terms of rate increases both in December and then for next year. And that's set of assumptions that we are using to talk about and discuss positive operating leverage. To the extent that doesn't happen, we'll continue to manage expenses as best as we can like we always have and making sure we have the balance for the short-term result as well as the long-term investment in the businesses to make sure we can have growth going forward. So that's something we've always done and we'll continue to do.
Operator: Your next question is from John Pancari with Evercore.
John Pancari : Good morning. On the loan growth side, I know you mentioned that the growth in the fourth quarter in average loan should be similar to that what you saw in the third quarter. So then about less than 1% so we are annualizing to about 4% or so. Is that a long, a fair assessment of where growth should really be trending even into 2018 and what could bring about strengthening outside of any -- as they are all macro factors that you need to see to really see pickup there in that growth rate. Thanks. 
Andy Cecere: John I'll start and then ask Bill to add some more color. So first of all it is lower than what we would expected over the long term and what we are seeing with our customers are couple of things. Number one is Terry mentioned taking advantage of lower yield curve and low rates, the lock in either to dead issuance and sometimes pay down bank lending activity is impacting us. So that's one. Second is much of the growth that we are seeing is M&A related and that I would call core CapEx and expansion. And I think that's a little bit of function of waiting for more clarity and certainty around principally tax policy and tax rates. And I think that will be a key driver of accelerated loan growth in 2018 when there is more clarity around tax policy. We also have some nuisances within category so let me ask Bill to talk about.
Bill Parker: Yes. The factor that Andy cited are macro factors right, low rate or the refinancing was certainly affects number of our C&I and commercial real estate. And then uncertainty holding back some of the natural activity, investment activity that our customers will make. So those are probably the two biggest drivers. That being said, we continued to be very aggressive in terms of our market share amongst prime customer base which is our customer base on across all the retail categories. So you could see we did grow our home equity loans that somewhat unique we never backed off from that. Credit cards, we've been growing those throughout the down turn in the cycle so we had steady growth in that. Auto loan, same thing, I mean we are in the super prime space there. Retail leasing, we never exited that, we stayed in that and we benefited from that lately. So we do have levers in the prime space that continues to give us loan growth regardless of what's going on a macro basis. 
Andy Cecere : And I'd also mention that John our revolvers, utilization rate on a commercial revolvers are still right around 24% -25% that's about 10 points below what I would say is normal. So we are still growing commitment. We are taking market share but the utilization continues to be at low level. 
John Pancari : All right. Thank you, Andy. And then separately on the credit side, I just want a little bit color on the consumer credit trends you are seeing, your card and auto charge offs and delinquency were up in a quarter and how much that is storm related versus not? Thanks. 
Bill Parker: Well, none of it is storm related now. That's too early for that. We did put in programs for reaching out to customers, providing loan application; we've already started that process. So that's well underway. But the reserve build that was mentioned that's really for what we expect to be kind of future credit losses as a result of the storm but that has not shown up. I think the increase that you are referring to in auto and cards, it's really just the seasoning effect, the fact that those portfolios have grown fairly significantly over the past several years. This is natural seasoning so they are performing within our expectations.
Andy Cecere: And again Bill they are -- they are prime portfolios, their average cycle on the leasing side 770 so nothing is going down stream in terms of that credit. 
John Pancari : Got it. So nothing underlying in terms of deterioration starting -- okay, got it, thank you. 
Operator: Your next question is from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: Hi, good morning. I just wanted to dig a little bit on the comments you made in the presentation on the AML BSA. It sounds like it's coming to close in your compliance program are nearing maturity I think were the words you used. Could you just give us a sense as to is that going to accelerate over the next few quarters and so we should see pull back in the expense side there? 
Andy Cecere : So as we've talked about before that the story and that has not changed. Betsy, the people processes and technology what we -- pretty much in place by the end of the year. They are almost on a place, we have a few more technology releases but that part of the spend, which is the bulk of it that will be in place by the end of the year. And then we'll see the compliance related expenses migrate more towards what I'd call a normal expense rate. I don't expect them to go down because we have to continue to maintain the levels we have but I'd expect them to normalize and that will normalize our overall expense growth rate back to that 3% to 5% like you saw this first quarter. With regard to the consent order overall, once those people processes and technology component have in place we go into a sustainability mode which is proving the back that they are working as intended and that will start beginning of 2018 and flow into what I would expect the middle of 2018.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then once you get the green light from regulators you passed the test, there is an opportunity to reengage in M&A. Could you just give us a sense as to how important that it is for you over the next kind of planning cycle here or is that one of the cores that you are looking into or is that just gravy or something comes up?
Andy Cecere: Betsy, our M&A activity hasn't really been impacted by this. There hasn't been traditional bank deal that we not been able to do that we wanted to do because of the consent order. Our M&A has been focused on categories like card portfolios, payments businesses as well as trust and fund services. Both that deals that we've been able to do, we continue to look at and I'd expect that our emphasis and focus going forward would continue to be on those deals. If after a consent order exit we see an opportunity on our traditional banking, yes, we will take a look at it but it have to be meeting our criteria which is increasing our market share in our current states having the core customer capabilities that we are looking for and so forth. But it's not causing a significant disadvantage today.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then just separately, the OCC changed their guidance on deposit advance product right, not allowed before now they are allowed again. Is that something that you would look at?
Andy Cecere: So Betsy we are looking at a number of different products in that category and that maybe something we pursue over the next few quarters over the next year. 
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then just lastly on the online lending, you have kicked off a couple of new relationships and product recently. Could you give us a sense partnership, could you give us a sense as to how these are progressing and what your expectations are from those relationships? 
Andy Cecere: Yes. So I think one that's doing very well is our mortgage partnership with Blend which is online application tool, mobile application tool which is doing terrifically. It is exceeding our expectations, it's very well in terms of highly thought of and functioning as expected both from the perspective of a customer but importantly also the mortgage originator. So it is a real positive because they are able to do some of the simple things in a more digital format and really add value to the customers in terms of consultation. So that has been very successful and we expect to continue to grow that into 2018.
Betsy Graseck: Okay, all right. And then just last on the deposit advanced product. That was like 2 percent-ish of your fee I think when you had to wind that business down. So is it your expectation at this stage that you could over time build that type of level of revenue back into your business model getting back into that type of space? 
Andy Cecere: Likely not, Betsy. If it comes back it would probably be at a different fee level and probably not with the same size as what we saw historically. And again there is not much certainty that it will come back right.
Operator: Your next question is from Ken Usdin with Jefferies. 
Ken Usdin: Thanks. Good morning, guys. I just wanted to come back to the NII side of equation and think about the balance sheet mix. So you are seeing as you mentioned all these ins and outs and out of flows and some might be temporary, some might be kind of this natural mixing and relate to the beta. But just wondering how did you think about just overall size of the balance sheet from here? I think we've seen a bit of slowing in AEA progression and given that loans are slower, how do you think that loans versus deposit growth is going to look for the fourth quarter and then beyond?
Andy Cecere: Yes. When we've talked a little bit about what we think loan growth is going to end up looking like in kind of what those categories are. Obviously from a balance sheet standpoint growth in loans is going to be really demand driven as much as anything. From a deposit perspective, I mean we are always looking for good core deposits and so when we have the opportunity to grow good core deposits they are going to be long term stable, we will take that opportunity to be able to do that. But I think what you are going to see really from here for a period of time is just some fluctuation with respect to deposit balances. 
Ken Usdin: Okay. And will that mean will you be willing to -- the cost of your short term borrowing has actually started to increase a lot too. I would assume that's more market based type of funding. And so does that mean that we see a mix more towards that wholesale if there is more fluctuations in deposits and how that is kind of weigh on the forward outlook for the margin past the fourth quarter. 
Andy Cecere : Yes. I don't think that you are going to see a significant shift in how we end up funding the balance sheet. I mean what ends up happening from a short term standpoint is just what sort of cash level needs, you need in order to have in place in order to meet liquidity requirement either on an average basis or the end of the month and so that's probably what you are seeing more than anything. 
Operator: Your next question is from Saul Martinez with UBS.
Saul Martinez: Hi, good morning. I have couple of questions on taxes. Any updated thoughts on your expectations for your tax rate assuming no changes in quarter in terms of corporate tax rate? And I think last quarter you said FTA adjusted 29%. And secondly on tax reform I think in the past you guys have indicated you feel like you can get something along the lines of 60% of the benefit. Obviously the devil is going to be in the details and there is lack of detail out there. But the blueprint did specifically seem to protect low income housing credit. So curious if there is any updated thoughts in terms of how you see yourself benefiting from tax reform and how much of that you feel like you can garner from any reduction in the corporate tax rate? 
Andy Cecere : Yes. Well, so I'll take the first question which is really how we think about the fourth quarter. I think the tax rate in the fourth quarter would be pretty similar to what the third quarter was. So that's kind of our expectation. In terms of tax reform, I don't think our view has really changed in terms of what the impact of that might be on the company kind of going forward. But to be quite honest, we were in Washington here recently and what's going to ultimately be in the tax reform bill, there are still moving around a lot even though that there are some framework associated with it. So we are kind of in a wait and see mode in all honesty. 
Bill Parker: About 29% in the fourth quarter. 
Andy Cecere : 29% in the fourth quarter. 
Saul Martinez: Got it, that's fair. And then just finally on Elavon? Was there any FX impact? I didn't see that in the release. 
Andy Cecere : Yes. The impact of FX was very insignificant in the third quarter.
Operator: Your next question is from Brian Foran with Autonomous.
Brian Foran: Hi, good morning. Just think about the payment business longer term. And I assume merchant processing is the biggest piece of that but really all four line items that we see on the face of the P&L. There has been department of percent issue, there was some FX headwinds, now there is the JVs so I appreciate there has been lots of puts and takes but what do you think it take kind of takes for those line items to show little bit more momentum and get back to the normal more significant growth rate that maybe they enjoyed in the past.
Andy Cecere : Yes. Well, I think that maybe when you end up looking at the merchant acquiring business, we think on a longer term basis as kind of a mid single digits are a little bit stronger than that. One other things we are seeing or seen stronger sales volumes in their business and I think what we've to do is we have to get beyond the impact of the joint venture as well, some of the hurricane effect. And from a hurricane standpoint as an example, we've now -- we face four hurricanes and earthquake and some wildfire so I think there is a few things that we are going to end up having kind of work through over the next quarter or two. The hurricane effect in Puerto Rico where we have a fairly significant amount of merchants who is going to be there for several quarters. So I really look at it in terms of timing probably mid next year before we get back to that normalized sort of growth level because we'll lap those joint ventures. And I'd also add Brian and we talk about investment and innovation, this is an area we've been focused on historically and we continued to be going forward. I remind you we have a couple of great platforms, our international platform, our dynamic currency conversation capabilities because we invest in the business and merchant processes an area we continue to focused on particularly as it relates to e-commerce and value added services principally around data so it will continue to be an emphasis and an area of focus for us in terms of investment and capabilities.
Brian Foran: And then maybe just turn into the auto leasing business. Totally appreciate your comments that are all prime and partly driven by customer preferences. But maybe you could just talk about -- I mean the growth rates have been very high. One, are there specific strategy that are in place to gain more shares with dealers or geographic expansion or anything like that? And then two, you gave some helpful commentary, I believe it was back in April kind of citing some of the green shoots in used car pricing so as you roll forward today, are you still seeing the kind of stabilization and even recovery in used car pricing? And is this growth you are pursuing in auto leasing kind of you are saying that you think the market is overdone and how does it feed into the overall used car price outlook?
Bill Parker: So this is Bill. No, we are still bullish on our retail leasing portfolio. So it has been a good business or remains a good business. Used car prices have actually picked up even more in part because of the hurricane that increased demand for pickup et cetera. So in terms of expansion, we do go after different manufactures and we are very competitive in that space, provide an alternative to some of the old captives. So it's an area that we continue to work very hard to keep the growth rates up. 
Operator: Your next question is from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities. 
Mike Mayo: Hi. You mentioned commercial real estate a little bit more caution, it's big chunk of loans at your company. So I guess is commercial real estate a friend or foe on the one hand or maybe you can make a case for home prices back above pre crisis levels and homebuilders or some others could do well. On the other hand you have retailers and a more competitive environment. Where do you come out on that?
Bill Parker: So commercial real estate is a friend. We are -- I think we've always been in active in that space. We did not cut back or exit our construction lending after the downturn, that's grown nicely. We've continued -- we are very active in this space but with the low rates and lot of our customers are appropriately seeking long term fixed rate for financing something banks are not great at offering. There are better sources for that in insurance company, some of the smaller banks, CMBS market but we are -- we remain very active with our client base. Some of our client base is gotten a little more cautious as well. Lot of the growth has been in multifamily, so people are little more cautious in that space, that's just for our client. Residential mortgage, construction we have been very active in that. And we never pulled out of that, they extended into Texas, and we had really nice growth in the Texas market. That's obviously going to be little disruptive by what happened with the hurricanes but that will come back. So overall we are very active commercial real estate lender and we like the business. 
Mike Mayo: So just one follow up. So one -- if you look at over the past couple of decades where are we in terms of being aggressive being conservative. When you look at your own experience, is this, 2010 is great and 5 is average and 1 is look out that's 1992, where do you think we are in the CRE cycle? 
Bill Parker: I don't really think of it that way because we stick with our underwriting criteria so we are consistent throughout the cycle. And different asset classes or a different spaces you mentioned kind of concerns with the retails. Well, that's been good for the industrial side. So we've seen nice growth in industrial activity. So there is balance of activity that we provide our customer base and its ebbs and flows, but it's a business we stick with. 
Operator: Your next question is from Marty Mosby with Vining Sparks.
Marty Mosby: Thanks. Good morning. When you look at your owned portfolio, residential mortgage is now the second largest category and it's continuing to grow. When you look at the mortgage banking business, I am kind of looking at it in the sense there has been a shift from originate and sell and to originate and portfolio of loans because we just don't enough total loan growth in the market. So we are not squeezing out those loans like we used to. Is that a rational way to think about it? And if so is mortgage banking which is kind of business that you kind of continue to grow is going to pretty more fee income from that maybe just not going to get back on track from a fee income side but we have a heavier kind of contribution in net interest income. 
Andy Cecere : Marty, I'd say it's balanced and we both originate a sell which are the qualified market just that we've always done and that continuous to be area for growth for us as well as the servicing component. And we portfolio those which are not typically jumbos in our core customer base. So I would expect growth in both categories and I wouldn't expect the major shift one way or the other. Bill, would you add anything to that? 
Bill Parker: No. I mean the portfolio activities that are a national platform along with qualified mortgages so we originate through retail channels and through from broker so we will continue to see portfolio growth in the jumbo category. And if you can look at the stack, extremely high quality and low loan to value so --.
Marty Mosby: Bill I think I was going to ask you about was seemed to be two things that kind of took a little bit of the earnings out this quarter in the $30 million build with net charge -offs going down and non-performers going down, you kind of handed that was hurricane related but want to make sure that because that's not what you have been doing in the past. So that big portion of that was related to hurricane and the expected losses going forward and then also the tax rate, the 29% this quarter and then foreshadowing that to next quarter, that's about 0.5% higher than what you have been. So just I was curious why the step up in the tax rate and the build and allowance for those two things. 
Bill Parker: Yes, this is Bill. I'll do the build and allowance, that was entirely related to the hurricanes. We had some modest -- we've been doing some very modest build related to loan growth. We will continue to do that but the loan bump up was definitely directly related to the hurricane. 
Andy Cecere : And our expectations that is -- 
Bill Parker: That is sufficient to cover 
Andy Cecere : Sufficient and including what we know thus far in the wildfire situation in California. 
Terry Dolan : And the tax rate, really the issue there is that again kind of comes back to tax reforms and some of the uncertainty there. When you had a lot of conversations around tax credit low income, renewal energy and all sorts of things. There is a lot of pull back within the market and lot of change in related to pricing associated with tax credit. So part of the reasons why you are seeing the rate going up is a little bit lower level of tax credit production which is market driven as much as anything and then as earnings get stronger you had just have the marginal effect on the tax rate and that will cause it to go up as well.
Operator: And your next question is from Kevin Barker with Piper Jaffray.
Kevin Barker: Hi, good morning. In regards to your credit, obviously it's been very good over last several years and running well below your long term target and what you think the normalized charges- off would be. And we start to see somewhat of an inflection point here in credit card losses moving higher after several years of being strong or even better than what we've seen in past cycles. When we look over into 2018 and maybe even to 2019, what are your expectations for where credit card losses are going and where charge -offs may actually end up given we are still at pretty good part of the cycle. 
Bill Parker: So they have gone up due to seasoning, due to sort of natural seasoning and growing the portfolio. But we do expect them to stabilize around the 4% rate that would be sort of normal -- that's not through the cycle rate but that's sort of normal rate during stable economic conditions. 
Andy Cecere: Current environment 4%.
Bill Parker: Yes.
Kevin Barker: And when you think about the outlook is it something where it grows to 4% in plateaus or is it something where you would incrementally continue to see move higher?
Bill Parker: No. We will think it will plateau around the 4% in this kind of economic condition. 
Kevin Barker: Okay. And then given the outlook on auto, we've obviously seen pressure on used car prices in here and to follow up on some of the John's questions, delinquency rates and frequency of the fall to start to slow across the industry, do you expect charge-offs rates decline in 2018 given some of the positive development we've seen with a little bit resiliency in used car prices and slight decline in frequency?
Bill Parker: I would say -- I wouldn't necessary say decline but I think they are pretty stable right now. So I would say about where they are right now. 
Operator: Your next question is from Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning. Hi, Andy, how are you? Terry, if I heard you correctly on the earlier part of the call talking about the net interest margin, I think you said you had some maybe couple of basis points improvement due to the recoveries on some bad credits. Could you make sure that's correct that it was a basis point or two? And was that in the energy sector that you had to recover in the credits?
Terry Dolan : Yes. So it was two basis points impact from interest recoveries that occurred in this quarter and actually these recoveries relate to loans that were probably charged up as many as 10 years ago. So they went back long ways which is in part why they were so unexpected and unusual. And it's not something that we would expect to repeat. But it was about two basis points for the quarter. So you think we went up six basis points and our core basis of this four and we are really expecting the core basis go up another two in the fourth quarter from there. But it will be flat because of the interest recoveries. 
Gerard Cassidy: Good. Okay and thank you for the clarity. And then second, you guys talked about how the betas for the traditional consumer deposits really are not that high, but you did see some in the commercial area. What about within the Wealth Management segment? Some of the other banks that have reported have pointed out that the betas are rising and that part of their business. Did you guys see any of that in the Wealth Management business?
Terry Dolan : Yes. In the wealth management business we've not seen that yet although when we end up looking at the broader consumer sort of category that's the one area that we may start to see when we get into the next rate hike. But we haven't seen anything at this point.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay, good. And then with rising rates, obviously, some of your commercial customers will pay for the services you guys give them with compensating balances, and the credit they receive is reflective of the rate environment. Are you starting to raise those credits for them in a rising rate environment or not yet?
Terry Dolan : Yes. A little bit relative to what's going on with short term rate as well as the yield curve overall but I don't -- it's not material yet and we would expect to continue raise and as rates move up. 
Gerard Cassidy: Okay. And does that show up in the treasury management fee line? I noticed it was down little bit sequentially. I don't know if that was more seasonal or not. But is that the way where we would see that?
Terry Dolan : Yes. Compensating balances show up there and the credit for compensating balances as you said but the decline was more seasonal in nature. 
Operator: Next question is from Terry McEvoy with Stephens.
Terry McEvoy: Hi, good morning. It was mentioned earlier that US bank is gaining share in the commercial lending business and it sounds like that will likely continue here in the fourth quarter. Could you expand on specifically what's behind those gains? Is it some targeted industries or some specific markets that standout? 
Terry Dolan : Yes. This is Terry. Just kind of broadly we are seeing good growth in market share and loans in the middle market space across most of our markets. And we would continue to kind of expect to see although I would say recently we've seen some pay down occurring even in the middle market space so it's something that we are watching. 
Bill Parker: Yes. It really relates to the old products that we build out over the last several years in our national corporate strategy. So I think the capabilities in the capital market area for providing bond underwriting not only for our investment grade but also kind of middle market or non investment grade customers. So they can come to us and a more full service bank and that's providing a lot of fuel to the growth. 
Andy Cecere: And currently to that point Bill, the other area that I have to highlight is the virtual pay product which is corporate payment system product which is targeted squarely at that middle market customer base as well above that but that one is one of the drivers of the growth that we are seeing is taking additional customers and using that product. 
Terry McEvoy: That's good to hear. And then Terry just a quick question for you, within the corporate lines or these equity investment gains that were up $46 million, I believe year-over-year, could you just talk about the nature of those gains and what type of typical run rate would you see in any given quarter?
Terry Dolan : Yes. We typically don't get into a lot of detail with respect to other incomes simply because there is a lot of different things and including the equity investments. Equity investments tend to be a little bit choppy from quarter-to-quarter so it's really I kind of stay away from giving guidance with respect to what I think they're going to be next quarter et cetera. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for Q&A. I'll now turn the call over to the presenters for closing remarks. 
Jen Thompson: Thank you for listening to our call this morning. Please call us if you have any follow up comments or questions. 
Andy Cecere: Thanks everyone. 
Terry Dolan : Thank you. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-19 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jen Thompson - Director, Investor Relations Andy Cecere - President and Chief Executive Officer Terry Dolan - Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer Bill Parker - Vice Chairman and Chief Risk Officer
Analysts: John Pancari - Evercore Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Erika Najarian - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Ricky Dodds - Deutsche Bank Vivek Juneja - JPMorgan Brian Klock - Keith, Bruyette, & Woods Saul Martinez - UBS Kevin Barker - Piper Jaffray Gerard Cassidy - RBC
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorp's Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Andy Cecere, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Terry Dolan, U.S. Bancorp's Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately noon, Eastern Daylight Time, through Wednesday, July 26 at 12 o'clock midnight Eastern Daylight Time. I will now turn the conference call over to Jen Thompson of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Jen Thompson: Thank you, Melissa and good morning to everyone who has joined our call. Andy Cecere, Terry Dolan and Bill Parker are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorp's second quarter results and to answer your questions. Andy and Terry will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of the slide presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at usbank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of today's presentation in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Andy.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Jen. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining our call. I am going to start off by discussing a few highlights from our second quarter earnings results. Terry will then go into some details and also provide you with forward-looking guidance, and after that, we'll take your questions. I'll start with Slide 3 of the presentation. In the second quarter, we reported net income of $1.5 billion or $0.85 per diluted share. You will see on the slide that our balance sheet is strong and growing, sequential loan growth came in at the high end of our guidance range at 0.9%. As expected, C&I loan growth picked up after a sluggish start to the year and gained momentum towards the end of the second quarter. Based on current trends we expect that by the third quarter total loan growth will be back to the 1% to 1.5% range we think that is more normalized. Credit quality remains excellent and we feel good about the risk profile of the loan portfolio. The net charge-off ratio was stable in the second quarter and our non-performing asset ratio improved on both, the linked quarter and year-over-year basis. Shifting to capital management; our book value per share ended the quarter at $25.55 which was up 4.8% from a year ago. Our common equity Tier 1 ratio estimated for the Basel III fully implemented standardized approach was 9.3% at 6.30 [ph], the level which is sufficient to support growth effectively managed through periods of economic stress and returned capital to our shareholders. In June, the Federal Reserve Bank notified us that they did not object to our capital plans submitted during the CCAR process. We subsequently announced the dividend increase of 7.1% and a new share repurchase program for the year. Now let me touch on our key performance ratios. We turn to Slide 4, our return on average assets for the second quarter was 1.35%, our return on common equity was 13.4%, and our efficiency ratio was 55.2%. We're proud of our industry cleaning profitability metrics that we're always striving to improve. Although consistently best-in-class, our efficiency ratio has been at the higher end of its historical range in the past few quarters, primarily reflecting increased personnel and technology cost related to the regulatory compliance programs. However, we are nearing the end of the build out of these programs and believe the growth rates of these costs will begin to moderate. We expect compliance costs to grow at a pace more in-line with the company's core expense space in late 2017 and into 2018. When we look out through the remainder of the year we expect to deliver positive operating leverage in both the third and fourth quarters of 2017 on a year-over-year basis. We further expect that the year-over-year non-interest expense growth will be in-line with our long-term target range of 3% to 5%. We believe that our strong balance sheet, diversified revenue mix and our focus on expense management combined with participation in some significant expense headwinds provides momentum for the second half for this year and into 2018. Let me stop there and turn it over to Terry.
Terry Dolan: Thank you, Andy. If you turn to Slide 5, I'll start with the balancing review and follow-up with the discussion of second quarter earnings trends. In the second quarter average loans increased 0.9% on a linked quarter basis and grew 3.4% from a year ago. Commercial loan growth rebounded from the first quarter increasing 2% sequentially. Line utilization has not increased materially, however, deal activity has strengthened and we continue to gain market share. As Andy mentioned, large corporate lending, there are momentum in the latter part of the quarter. Additionally, throughout the quarter we continue to see strong growth in middle market lending across many geographies. Commercial real estate lending reflects our prudent approach to certain CRE segments such as multi-family and retail given current market conditions. We did have opportunities for growth in construction lending. However, remain cautious in commercial mortgage markets where the competitive environment has created unfavorable conditions from a risk and return standpoint. In addition customers continue to refinance commercial mortgages in the capital markets given the rising rate environment and opportunity to extend maturities. We had particularly strong growth in retail leases as far as up 11% linked quarter where both a prime lender and a less or in the auto segment and our well established market position, full product offering and a strong dealer relationships that provided strong growth in both lending and leasing. We have made significant investments in this business over the past few years which is coming to fruition in the form of increased market penetration with both dealers and manufacturers. We expect growth will remain healthy for the next few quarters as we continue to penetrate market. I want to emphasize that leasing growth is not coming at the expense of increased risk. If you look at Slide 6, credit metrics remain very stable in our retail leasing portfolio. We have not changed our underwriting in this business and are not enhancing residual values. I would also highlight that in the second quarter the weighted average cycle score on originations for auto leases was 782. Turning to Slide 7, total average deposits increased 0.8% compared with the first quarter of 2017 and 7.7% on the year-over-year basis. Following the June interest rate hike, our total interest bearing deposit is in the mid 20% range. As future rate hikes occur we would expect the beta will gradually trend towards 50% level. On Slide 8 you will see the credit quality was relatively stable in the quarter, net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans was 49 basis points in the second quarter and non-performing assets declined by 9.8% on the linked quarter basis. I will now move on to earnings results. Slide 9 provides highlights of second quarter results versus comparable periods. Second quarter net income of $1.5 billion was up 1.8% compared with the first quarter but was down 1.4% versus the second quarter of 2016. As a reminder, the second quarter of 2016 including two notable items; a $180 million Visa Europe gain in non-interest income and a $150 million non-interest expense related to interest accruals and a charitable contribution. Excluding these items net income increased slightly year-over-year. I will exclude the impact of these notable items when I discuss revenue and expense comparison versus the second quarter of 2016. Turning to Slide 10, revenue totaled a record $5.5 billion, up 3.1% on a linked quarter basis and 4.2% higher compared with the same quarter a year ago. Turning to Slide 11, net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis was $3 billion in the second quarter, up 2.4% compared with the first quarter and 5.9% higher than the second quarter of 2016. Comparisons in both quarters benefited from earning asset growth and higher interest rates. In the second quarter the net interest margin increased one basis point to 3.04% in-line with our guidance. The increase was primarily driven by rising interest rates partially offset by the impact of a flatter yield curve and higher cash balances which increased to meet certain regulatory expectations related to liquidity. We do not expect average cash balances to increase meaningfully from current levels. Slide 12 highlights trends in non-interest income which increased 3.9% versus the first quarter reflecting seasonally higher revenue, particularly in the payment services business. On the year-over-year basis, non-interest income increased 2% excluding notable items. Credit and debit card revenue increased 7.8% from a year ago on higher sales volumes. Merchant acquiring revenue grew 2.7% on a year-over-year basis adjusted for the impact of currency rate changes. In the second quarter we exited two merchant acquiring joint ventures which did not have a material impact on the second quarter results but will mute revenue growth comparisons for the next few quarters. Divestitures were in part -- due in part to changing priorities of the joint venture partners that were impacting future growth and profitability portfolios for us. Mortgage revenue grew about 2.4% on a linked quarter basis but declined 10.9% year-over-year, in-line with our expectations. Turning to Slide 13, non-interest expense increased 2.7% compared with the first quarter of 2017, primarily reflecting higher compensation expense and marketing and business development expense, partially offset by seasonally lower employee benefit expenses. On a year-over-year basis non-interest expense increased 6.4% excluding notable items, were also driven by higher compensation and other non-interest expense. Compensation expense grew mainly due to the impact of hiring to support business growth and compliance programs, as well as seasonal merit increases in higher variable compensation related to production. Other expenses increased primarily due to be impact of the FDIC insurance surcharge which began in the third quarter of 2016. Slide 14 highlights our capital position. At June 30, our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio estimated using the Basel III standardized approach as if fully implemented was 9.3%. This compares to our capital target of 8.5%. I will now provide some forward-looking guidance for the third quarter. Given recent trends, we expect linked quarter total loan growth to be in the 1% to 1.5% range. Average earning asset growth will track with loan growth. We expect the linked quarter net interest margin to increase in a manner similar to the first quarter of 2017 which is within a range of four to five basis points. Let me take a minute to talk about merchant acquiring revenue. Last quarter we indicated that during the third quarter merchant acquiring revenue was expected to return to a more normal growth trajectory of same-store sales plus 1% to 2% excluding the impact of foreign currency changes. The adverse impact on sales volumes from exiting certain large volume customers is beginning to dissipate with reported sales volumes increasing 3.3% on a linked quarter basis. Given the anticipated revenue impact from exiting the joint ventures, we expect year-over-year merchant acquiring revenue will be essentially flat in the third quarter. Growth will begin to normalize in the fourth quarter and then heading into 2018. As Andy discussed, we expect to deliver positive operating leverage in each of the next two quarters supported by year-over-year expense growth of 3% to 5%, a level we target as more normalized on a long-term basis. Finally, we expect the taxable equivalent tax rate to approximate 29% in the third quarter. Let me hand it back to Andy for closing comments.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Terry. Our financial performance gained momentum in the second quarter and we expect to continue to improve profitability and returns as we look in the second half of this year and head into 2018. From a macro perspective, corporate balance sheets are strong, consumer confidence is increasing and the evolving economic and regulatory backdrop has to promise to be conducive to growth. I just spent time in Washington last week and was very encouraged by the open and productive dialogue that has taken place; nonetheless, progress has been slower than any had hoped. While we have not yet seen evidence of a resurgence in the CapEx cycle, consumers are spending and businesses are active, and we continue to ensure across our geographic markets and business lines. We have a solid and growing revenue base and we believe we have reached an inflection point in expense growth. Importantly, the profit improvement that we expect will drive improving returns will not be achieved as the expense but at the cost of credit quality nor will be achieved at the cost of delaying prudent business investment which will be increasingly focused on technology and innovation. Finally, I want to thank our dedicated employees who work hard every day to be our customers and communities trusted financial partner. That concludes our formal remarks. Terry, Bill and I will now be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question is from [indiscernible].
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks, good morning. Just following up on the expense, rate of change; it's good to hear that it's anticipated that quickly. So I just wonder if you can help us just to understand -- when you're talking about both, 3Q and 4Q getting back down into that three to five; what things are getting better and what things are you still having any inflation underneath the surface?
Terry Dolan: Yes, so let me take that question. I think there is three broad things. From a compensation standpoint we expect that that will begin to moderate and continue to moderate third, fourth and into 2018 and that will be driven by the fact that we're getting close to the end of building out those risk and compliance programs, so that is kind of number one. Then cost related to risk and compliance such as like consulting activities; that are really have been helping us support some of those programs, has been moderating, it will continue to moderate as we go into the next few quarters and also into 2018. So those would be the biggest things and then a year ago FDIC implemented a surcharge and so we're starting to lap that and the year-over-year effect associated with the FDIC insurance will start to moderate.
Unidentified Analyst: And I'll keep my follow-up to expenses; and can you just help us understand the tax advantage investments and what does that mean for sequential growth as we go third, into fourth as well; it seems like you also had a bunch of that more in the other line this quarter. So can you just help us understand what that means for sequential growth as well? Thanks.
Terry Dolan: We don't necessarily talk about that specifically but we do typically see the tax credit amortization expense start to move up in the third and then the fourth quarter. I think last year from third to fourth as an example it was up about $40 million to $50 million kind of a net ballpark. So that should give you kind of some sort of a range with respect to how that's going to change.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks guys, appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question is from John Pancari with Evercore.
John Pancari: Good morning. Just around the deposit balance sheet again for the ended period, just want to get a little bit color on what drove that -- the end of period coming in above the average and some of the volatility there and how we should look at the deposit flows going forward?
Terry Dolan: Yes, so on a linked quarter basis if you're going to look at just averages, we saw growth in deposits, both in our consumer business and then also in our corporate trust business. We end up looking at the ending cash balances, keep in mind that one of the things we were doing as we were building cash balances in order to meet some of those liquidity requirements; and in order to be able to do that one of the things that we did is a little bit of a pricing change related to some sort of deposits in order to bring some dollars in near the end of the quarter, and so that's why you see that. Kind of on a go forward basis when you think about cash balances, we don't expect the average balances to change much from current levels.
Andy Cecere: That's right, Terry. And I'd add in any particular day that cash balance can be up or down, there is a lot about that particularly within the corporate trust business with flows that are there, so one day I think there is a designated trend during my [indiscernible].
John Pancari: Okay, so the average should remain where it is, so therefore the EOP is probably going to head back towards the level where it was?
Andy Cecere: Yes, it's an average balances.
John Pancari: Yes, got it, okay. And then on the margin, in terms of your expectation, could you remind me again, you had mentioned four to five basis points?
Terry Dolan: Yes. You know, our guidance for the -- going into the third quarter we expected to spend -- expand four to five basis points from here. And one of the things, just -- when we end up looking at the one basis point movement in the second quarter, we had guided that it would be lower. One of the big reasons for that is really building the higher cash balance as that cost has got two basis points during that quarter and the flatter yield curve cost us a little bit but when we look at third quarter we feel pretty comfortable with that range of four to five basis points.
John Pancari: Okay. And then jumping off from that point into fourth quarter, how much beyond that would you think barring incremental hikes then into '18 can be a good color? Thanks.
Terry Dolan: When we look into the fourth quarter, at least right now, we would expect that the margin increase may not be at the four to five but it's still going to be kind of in that range of three to four, some and above.
Andy Cecere: And we try this thing with the 90 days because so much can change with the yield curve in particular, so we'll continue to give guidance as we go to the next 90 days.
John Pancari: Yes, got it. Thanks, Andy. Thanks, Terry.
Operator: The next question is from Betsy Graseck.
Betsy Graseck: Hi, good morning. I just had a couple of questions, little more on the strategic side. I just wanted to get your thoughts on some of the consolidation that's going on with merchant acquiring over in Europe and how that plays into your business over there, any thoughts on incremental investments that you would be looking to make as a result?
Andy Cecere: Right. So as you know Betsy, we're five or six both in North America, as well as Europe, we have a great platform, our dynamic currency conversion capabilities, our international payment platform; so I think we're well positioned in both places. Merchant acquiring is an area that we will continue to look for incremental acquisitions, I would call it more open bolt-on or add-on as opposed to major deals. We don't need to really expand or start in Europe because we already have a very strong presence, so -- but it is in an area of focused rest and one that continues to grow along, we continue to invest in.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then on the corporate trust side, could you give us some more updated comments there?
Andy Cecere: So corporate trust is having a good year, we continue to be leading market share across all three categories, muni, corporate, as well structured; we have again a good platform and good technology which I think is key to that business and we've been very consistent in terms of our commitment to that. So our opportunity is to continue to expand in the U.S. but also we have a foothold in Europe and our opportunity to expand there I think is comparable to where it was in the U.S. about 20 years ago.
Betsy Graseck: And then just lastly, you talked a bit about deposit betas and how they've been projecting; I just wanted to get a sense from you on how close to run rate you are on the corporate side of your business?
Terry Dolan: I think when you end up looking at deposit bidders overall, they talked a little bit about that. I do think that one of the things you're seeing on the wholesale side is that the deposit prices gain a little bit more competitive; and so we do see that picking up both in the June hike and as rate hikes continued in the future. And you know, I think that is going to continue to move up and as part of what we are so when we think about the positive bid as overall moving up closer to that 50 basis points, we're going to see more pressure on the wholesale side and on the corporate trust side.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. But it feels like we are two-thirds the way through or a third of the way through.
Terry Dolan: With respect to this rate hike?
Betsy Graseck: Yes.
Terry Dolan: I think we're probably further along on the wholesale side of the equation getting normalized betas and we have more space to go on the retail side which the beta there has been very low and we'll continue to go up as the next rate increases come forward.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. No, it was interesting just -- I asked the question because obviously we had a rate hike but yet you did a great job on non-sparing deposits growth in the quarter, and so it kind of suggested to me that maybe you were done on the corporate deposit beta side.
Terry Dolan: No, I don't know if we're done. I think that's all that we can really driven based upon what we see from a competitive standpoint but I don't think based upon the fact that we have cash balances where we're at, we don't necessarily see a need to drive deposits in. We're -- I would agree with you, I don't think there is a lot of upward pressure with respect to it. Deposit beta is both -- whether it's retail or wholesale etcetera, it's really tracking pretty similar to what we've seen in the past, maybe just a little bit higher.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Alright, thanks so much.
Operator: The next question is from [indiscernible].
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. My first question is on loan growth, it sounds like the aggregate stuff is pretty much tracking as you would have thought that through the course that you're already indeed will accelerate back in your targeted range in the back half. So that's all good but it is kind of running a little contrary to the weakness we still see in the HA [ph]. Just curious if you can spend another moment or so just talking about exactly where it ends up coming from how much of it is market share versus [indiscernible]?
Andy Cecere: So I'll start and then I'll ask Bill to add on. You know the areas of growth continue to be in few -- middle market is doing exceptionally well, that's in excess of 2% on a linked quarter basis and we continue to see that accelerating or being about that level in future quarters, that's doing well. As Terry and I both mentioned, we saw some growth in the second half of the second quarter in the large corporate wholesale part of the category. And then a lot of leasing as Terry mentioned, very high quality but given the great platform relationships we had that shows some growth. So those are areas that I would say are our principal areas of focus.
Bill Parker: Yes, that pretty much hit on the consumer, we expect it to remain fairly strong through the latter half of the year, so we continue to see good demand in auto loans and leases; and again, that's very prime portfolio for us, we've always done it that way and we've stayed consistent in that area. We also using some demand on home equity, that's a tough market but we haven't seen the big increases, we do still have strong originations there. Andy talked about the commercial side; I will stay on the commercial real estate side although we do see some roll-off of our -- what we call our mortgage portfolio or standing loan portfolio, I guess it's very aggressive terms and by the life companies in the VS market. We are still an active construction lender, so we've seen growth there and we also -- our client base is a lot of reaps [ph] and much of that actually shows up in the C&I line and we're seeing good growth quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year there. So there is a lot of space where we're continuing to see good demand.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, that's perfect. I appreciate the color. And then just separately on -- just the idea of positive operating leverage; it looks like both the quarters in the back half of the year, we should get was just good. Just curious about your updated thoughts on positive frame leverage for the full year and sort of when you would expect to see that? I think you've previously been hoping to generate positive operating leverage for the full year '17; I guess just my rough cut on the updated guidance -- just now, it will still be a little bit of a challenge but just would be curious to hear your thoughts.
Andy Cecere: Scott, we'll get in third quarter and fourth quarter and we'll be very close if not on for the full year.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, sounds good. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Erika Najarian with Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning. Just a follow-up to Scott's question; as we look on longer term in terms of the progression of your efficiency ratio, if we presume this with either forward curve today; could we see U.S. Bancorp exit 2018 with an efficiency ratio in the low 50s?
Andy Cecere: Yes, it's a short answer to that question. We would expect to have positive operating leverage and closer to our long-term growth projections as move into '18 and that is what we talked about at Investor Day and that expense ratio in the 3% to 5% and revenue growth above that. Now that's assuming sort of a normal yield curve, economic growth is abnormally lower or anything like that but we would expect to continue to have that into '18.
Erika Najarian: That was very clear, thank you. The follow-up on some of the deposit question, some of your peers have noted that if the SAD [ph] does reduce its balance sheet or begin reducing its balance sheet by September, they believe that the outflows will be most vulnerable in wholesale deposits and I'm wondering what your color is on that -- your take is on that and whether or not that could potentially accelerate beta's even further for U.S. bank?
Terry Dolan: Yes, so let me take that. And so -- you know, the Fed is still kind of in the process defining what the level of balance sheet reduction and the pace of that overtime; and our expectation is that first of all, they're going to be very transparent as they go through that process and the pace is going to be very gradual, most likely several years. So we do believe that as -- kind of excess liquidity comes out of the market, we would expect there to be more competition for deposits and that is going to end up impacting pricing; I do believe that just because of the nature of the deposits on the wholesale side you're going to see more competitive and -- more of a competitive environment associated with that. Whether I'd be surprised if it's going to significantly impact 2017, and I do believe that just because it's going to be very gradual, it's going to also be very manageable and the market is going to respond accordingly.
Erika Najarian: Thank you. And just one last follow-up question; I know you always get asked on this call about an update for with the consent order and I'm wondering if I could ask a more technical question; is the consent order for OCC applicable to the holding company? And I'm just wondering whether or not there is a way to isolate the consent order to sort of unshackle it more strategically?
Andy Cecere: OCC obviously regulates our national banks, so that's where it is. But our national bank is essentially the holding company, I mean I think it's over 99% of the entire banks; so all the operations occur within that national bank. So what the OCC -- it really applies across the board.
Terry Dolan: Erika, we continue to expect to have our people in process who are in place, their technology will be completed by the end of the third, into the fourth quarter and then it gets to the sustainability and part of the equation and that goes into early '18.
Erika Najarian: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is Matt Connor [ph] with Deutsche Bank.
Ricky Dodds: This is actually Ricky from Matt's team. I'm wondering if I could just do a bigger picture question first. I wonder if you can touch on some of items on the growth front that you mentioned in the past, maybe it's in payments or in wealth penetration; maybe frame out what those could mean to revenue as we think about both, the rest of this year and into 2018 and beyond?
Andy Cecere: So I think our -- let me just sort of go across the business lines, yes, for high level; our wholesale continues to be an opportunity to expand our dominance in terms of being the bank of choice for large corporate customers. We have a number of capabilities we've built over the years and we continue to take market share in different categories, particularly in the commercial group as we move up the league tables. On the wealth management side, I do think the extension of corporate trust, as well as the wealth management piece of the pie, particularly were focused on the emerging [ph], that represents a great opportunity. Payments across all three categories, merchant acquiring, card issuing, as well as corporate payment systems; I think we have the technology and leaders to continue to grow that. I think particularly in regard to Elvan [ph], I think the opportunity is both here, as well as in Europe. And then finally retail, we're doing very well in terms of small business as well as retail core customer growth. And so I think across all of our business lines as we've said many times before, I think we're in a strong position, and we're not really seeking to have major adjustments and just taking advantage of the opportunities we have in front of us.
Ricky Dodds: Okay, great. And the maybe separately, it seems like energy and maybe oil prices are starting to come back in the conversation a bit more; some analysts are calling for sun $40 oil prices by 2018. I'm just wondering if you can remind us again what your exposure in that space and does it seem like there is any real signs of deterioration in your portfolio? I'm wondering if you could talk again maybe about the quality.
Andy Cecere: Sure. Yes, I mean our book has been relatively modest in size, we do finance the energy sector but we're below 2% of our commitment level and less than 1% of our loans within that sector. When the original price decline took place we obviously did see some impact. This quarter NPAs were down in part because of some of the resolution of those original non-performing loans but we've been bringing our reserve levels down but it's not -- it's just not a material impact to our overall performance but we think the -- were at -- going to a $40 price tag, we think that's a comfortable place to be, so we expect to continue to see improvement in that portfolio.
Ricky Dodds: Okay, thanks.
Operator: And the next question is from Vivek Juneja with JPMorgan.
Vivek Juneja: Hi, couple of questions, and maybe this one goes to Bill. Credit card net charge-offs up 58 basis points year-over-year, turning a little higher than your peers; can you talk a little bit about what's going on there?
Bill Parker: Yes, sure. I mean I think that I'll start within -- the forward look is lower than that, right, it will come back down, it will be below 4%; so it's not a trajectory thing. I think what we see is that we have continued to grow that portfolio both with acquisitions and internally through our branches, it's been solid growth; so there is a seasoning impact and if you've probably seen that across the industry but we have -- we do have a seasoning impact there but our outlook is very solid, we haven't -- we've seen our underwriting to begin that growth.
Andy Cecere: And it's a crime portfolio across the board, there is no sub-prime activity there and we're not -- that's not something we're worried about.
Vivek Juneja: Okay, alright. Second topic, mortgage banking, you talked about that on last quarter's call. Terry, Andy in terms of -- your applications are pretty sharply, seems like gain on sale margins were down; can you give some color as to what's going on and what you expect to see on that?
Andy Cecere: Yes, so maybe just to talk about the second quarter first, mortgage applications on a year-over-year basis we're down about 16% for us and that's pretty much in line with what the market was experience and that's driven in large part by the right refinancing. Second quarter mortgage applications, we did see a nice movement up on a linked quarter basis; we end up looking into the third quarter, we would expect mortgage applications to continue to move higher, that is kind of seasonal effect and we also have a nice mix of retail and on the purchase mortgage side, so that seasonal impact will continue to see in the third quarter. Gain out of sale margins in the second quarter did come down, I think you saw that kind of in the industry, our expectation or outlook is that they will be relatively stable going into the third quarter.
Vivek Juneja: Okay, great, thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next question is from Brian Klock with Keith, Bruyette, & Woods.
Brian Klock: Good morning. I wanted to just follow-up maybe a little finer tooth on the expense guidance. On the year-over-year basis, I mean would you think that anyway if we look at the 3% to 5% range, do you think that sequentially we're looking at expenses; especially I think Terry if you mentioned the impact of the amortization of -- well income housing tax credits, so should we be up most single digits on a sequential basis, third versus second?
Terry Dolan: Yes. I mean usually there is a little bit of a seasonal effect that comes into play with respect to the third quarter but I think that's a reasonable assumption when you think about the third quarter.
Brian Klock: Okay. And I now you talked about earlier the deposits and you know the expectation around just the seasonal, there is a season of run-off that comes back in the second half of the year; so cash balances on average you think will be unchanged. So with the recent issuances of some longer term debt are you planning to add anything else to the investment securities portfolio? Are you planning to keep the securities portfolio relatively flat?
Terry Dolan: Yes. We end up increasing the securities portfolio really kind of in-line with the overall balance sheet growth; so if you think about what average loan growth is going to look like -- our average earning assets really kind of tracks in a very similar manner, so we would be adding to the investment portfolio in order to be able to do that but that's kind of one way to think about.
Brian Klock: Alright, thanks for your time.
Operator: The next question is from Saul Martinez with UBS.
Saul Martinez: Good morning, everybody, couple of questions. Just sort of closing the loop a little bit on the net interest margin in NII guide; the NIM guidance four to five basis points average loan growth, 1%, 1.5%; I guess this should -- you know, triangulating that into NII growth of getting the numbers of around -- I guess 3% to 4% sequential growth is -- it's a little bit higher than I thought but I just want to make sure I'm not missing something in terms of triangulating NIM into NII growth?
Andy Cecere: Yes. I know that you can do the math based on what we ended up laying out but I think that's a reasonable assumption.
Saul Martinez: Got it. Okay, perfect. Now I guess a little bit of a bigger picture question on [indiscernible] merchant acquiring business, sort of a follow-up to an earlier question; especially in light of some of the consolidation you're seeing in Europe. But we have heard and feel free to disagree with this but we have heard that from some that it feels like you're subscale in the acquiring business in both, the U.S. and Europe, and obviously you've exited some low MDR relationships, you've exited some JVs, but can you talk a little bit more about the business strategically in terms of where you see the opportunities and how you capitalize on those opportunities? Where do you see [indiscernible] getting into the entire payment space in the merchant acquiring space and how do you differentiate yourself and drive better growth on an ongoing basis?
Andy Cecere: So I think first on your scale question, I think we have sufficient scale to be very competitive. I think we've had that for a number of years. We're focused on the few areas, number one is verticals, I think as you think about the merchant processing business, it's migrating from a natural transaction business to an information business and being very focused on verticals and providing that information, it's usually important and we have a number of verticals; the travel industry, hotels, small realty retailers that I think we're very good at, healthcare is another one; so our focus is in that information and in terms of innovation and technology providing beyond the financial transaction, and as well as the expansion of our sales force, both domestically, as well as Europe. And then finally, the e-commerce side of the equation is another area of focus for us in terms of investment and growth.
Saul Martinez: Got it. And how do you feel like your e-commerce capabilities are now versus where you want them to be?
Andy Cecere: I think they are fine, I want them to be better.
Saul Martinez: Okay, alright, fair enough. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from Kevin Barker with Piper Jaffray.
Kevin Barker: Good morning. I just had a quick question on tax rate; you mentioned it was going to 29%, I'm right there on the third quarter, so it's been quite volatile over the last few quarters. Are you still sticking with the 27% to 28%, give or take range for this year and maybe longer term?
Terry Dolan: I think that when we end up looking at the tax rate on a tax equivalent basis on a long-term basis, you know just because of growth it's going to -- because of the marginal effect it's going to drift upwards, so when I end up looking at certainly the next few quarters and going into 2018, the 29% is certainly more reasonable.
Kevin Barker: Okay. And then in regards to growth, obviously commercial mortgage -- C&I has been the main driver of growth as we've seen in the last few years, it slowed recently here. When you look out the next one or two years do you feel like the consumer and retail lending will start to take the lead or do you feel like commercial lend -- C&I lending will continue to be strong over the next couple of years?
Terry Dolan: I think wholesale will continue growing as it is and I think we'll start to see a turnaround in retail; so we've had strong growth, we've seen another portfolio that we talked about, a little bit less in terms of the home equity in traditional retail loan areas but I think we'll start to accelerate in future periods and I think that's how we get to the more normalized long-term growth rates.
Kevin Barker: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: Hi, I just had a follow-up question. It's around the CCAR process and the ask and -- you know, really the question is around the dividend. I thought you had a nice increase in the dividend but yet you have one of the lowest volatility earning streams of the group and it feels like there might be some room to boost up the dividend component of the capital return. Just wondering how you're thinking through that.
Andy Cecere: Betsy, that's a fair question. So I think first of all, we're starting from one of the lower capital ratios; you're right that we have the lowest volatility and the lowest downturn in the stress environment, in fact, we still make money as you say but we're starting from a point that's not far away from what we think is our optimal capital structure, the 8.5% versus the just over 9% we are today, that's number one. Number two is, we're always wanting to make sure that we do -- that we are successful in the outcome of the CCAR process and then finally balancing between the buyback side of the equation and the dividend. What we've done is, what I would call continue -- very predictable continually steady growth and we would expect to continue that in the future. We might balance a little bit more but we will balance a little bit more towards increasing the dividend probably more than a buyback in future periods.
Betsy Graseck: Okay, alright, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning, thank you. Can you guys give us some additional color -- you touched on in your opening remarks about the commercial real estate markets, you're seeing possibly some weakness in the multi-family space; can you share with us is there any geographical areas that you see as more concerning for you at this time?
Andy Cecere: Well, I mean there are certainly some of the cities that have very strong multi-family growth and if you look at some of the rent forecast and there is plenty of companies to do this. They will see there are markets, some of the coastal markets of Boston, DC; where the forecasts are for either no or slightly decline in rent growth; and that doesn't mean we won't do projects there, we follow our client base and if they like the project, we like the project, we both will do something but some of the markets have seen a lot of multi-family, Minneapolis is another one where you got to be cautious about it.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. The second question was and I think you may have touched upon this and I apologize if you did; can you kind of give us your view of -- obviously, the Federal Reserve has made it clear that they're going to start unwinding their balance sheet and it will go into full speed operation in 2018. How are you guys looking at that and the impact it may have on deposits in the banking system and then for USP as well?
Terry Dolan: Gerard, thank you. We talked a little bit about that earlier but you know, when you end up looking at what the Feds -- the Fed still needs to kind of define a level of reduction in the balance sheet and really the pace of it and I think that they've been really transparent that that pace is really going to be gradual over several years and I think that that will cause any impacts of it to be very manageable on the banking industry. And as the market adjusts, I do think that as -- or we think as excess liquidity comes out of the market you could expect to see and you will expect to see more competition with respect to deposits, I would also expect that the long end of the curve on a relative basis would be a little bit higher; as a result some of their activities -- that have [indiscernible] from a deposit standpoint is most likely to come on the wholesale side of the equation.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then just lastly, you know, obviously you guys have industry leading profitability with your ROA and your ROE at the present levels. What -- is it going to be more the net interest margin improvement or the efficiency ratio when you look at how you're going to or could drive that higher? As you know in the past, your numbers were higher but is it more of a margin issue or is it more efficiency ratio or leverage; what are you guys looking out for the levers? Do you even take it higher than where it is today?
Terry Dolan: Gerard, I think it's both parts of the equation, it's accelerating revenue growth and moderating expense growth; positive operating leverage which will improve the efficiency ratio and ultimately improve ROA and ROE.
Gerard Cassidy: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from [indiscernible].
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. Just one question, the bottom of Slide 8 really stands out; and that U.S. bank has built reserves for the last six quarters whereas your peers even through 2Q for those that have reported continue to release those reserves. So could you talk about it as something in terms of the mix shift or the loan portfolio that's driving your ability to grow reserves, again when your peers are just not in that same position?
Andy Cecere: Well, one of the things you're looking at is that lot of the peers have larger energy exposure so they added more and like us, we can see improvement in this quarter so they may have released more reserves out of their energy book. And we're pretty much steady as she goes from a credit standpoint; so at this point in the cycle we have a very stable credit environment and we're still growing loans, so that's what we look at and we will add to reserves to support loan growth if you think about what they are for and they are for potential future losses out of your loan book and as you grow the loan book, that's what the reserve is for. So if we don't have big upswings, we're needing to add to reserves in a downturn like the energy portfolio. Then we're going to be adding for loan growth.
Bill Parker: Sorry about that, it's been a lot lower than everyone else and so simply stated if we're not adding a lot, we're also tracking a lot.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Then just a follow-up question for me. Andy, this concept of one U.S. bank which you've talked about I believe is in the annual report; as you think about the second half of this year there are any areas within your core businesses that stand out in terms of benefiting from this strategy as you work together under this one U.S. bank kind of a strategy?
Andy Cecere: Terry, has a long list, there are a number of initiatives across the company from the way we handle our call centers, the way we do innovation and the way we communicate with our customers, to how we share information among the business lines. So there are a number of initiatives and I would say it's probably our number one focus of the company right now.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: The final question is from [indiscernible].
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, I just had a couple of small ones on the -- making sure we're getting the payment -- merchant cost JV, it's right in the model; so were there any pain associated with the exit either in 2Q or back half of the year? And then the second just in terms of the guide, I think you said your 3% FX adjusted growth now in merchant processing and you see that flat in 3Q; was that -- how -- is it the earnings -- is it like equity method accounting that was being booked or is there revenue and then we should think about some expense coming out also in P&L? And I guess last, maybe just curiosity -- which JVs are you exiting? I saw something about [indiscernible] but couldn't find the other.
Andy Cecere: So first I'm going to ask Terry to go on the other details, there was no material gain or loss in the second quarter as a result.
Terry Dolan: Yes, so if you just end up looking at and trying to think about the growth rates over the next couple quarters, certainly reported growth rate is about 2.7% excluding the foreign currency as we said. I'd also say that same-store sales percentages and organic business growth has generally been quite strong which I think is good to see, that gives us insights with respect to the future. Reporting growth sales have been impacted by three factors; we talked last quarter about exiting some large volume low margin customers, that's been muting sales volumes and that has been dissipating and it's getting behind us, and certainly will be behind us as we get into the end of the third quarter; and so we're starting to see sales volume starting to grow. We are experiencing some margin compression in Europe because of interchange caps that were put into place late 2015, and that has continued to impact our year-over-year sort of growth rates and will continue to do impact at least through the third quarter if that will start to dissipate in the fourth quarter and then really be behind us as we get into 2018. And then the impact of exiting the two joint ventures will have an impact on merchant acquiring, really for the next several quarters as we think about the year. To kind of give us some, maybe specifics; when we look at the third quarter, we do expect the year-over-year growth rate for the third quarter to be essentially flat and that's essentially what we said. As I look into the fourth quarter, I do expect the fourth quarter year-over-year growth rate to be similar to what we saw in the second quarter of this current quarter. And then as we continue to see organic growth that we are experiencing, you know that will start to benefit us as we go into 2018.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. And are you able to disclose which JVs are not at this time?
Terry Dolan: Yes. I mean the one joint venture is related to our joint venture in Spain with Santander. And you know really, they've had changing priorities with respect to what they want to focus on; and as we think about Spain, it continues to be an area that has some economic challenges. So from our standpoint we really do believe that we have the opportunity to continue to grow in that market on our own with a focus on the right customers and I'd be very clear we're not exiting the market. With respect to the second joint venture, that is the joint venture with KeyCorp [ph], so we thought key merchant services; and in that situation our partner really wanted to focus on a third-party servicing arrangements and we respect that decision on their particular part. And we also say that we're retaining the clients that we believe will create the best growth opportunity for us as we move into the future.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you, that was very detailed and I appreciate the answers.
Operator: There are no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to you for closing remarks.
Jen Thompson: Thank you for listening to this review of our second quarter results. Please contact us if you have any follow-up questions.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-19 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jen Thompson - Director, Investor Relations Andy Cecere - President and Chief Executive Officer Terry Dolan - Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer Bill Parker - Vice Chairman and Chief Risk Officer
Analysts: John McDonald - Bernstein John Pancari - Evercore Ricky Dodds - Deutsche Bank Saul Martinez - UBS Amanda Larsen - Jefferies Erika Najarian - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Vivek Juneja - JPMorgan Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Kevin Barker - Piper Jaffray Gerard Cassidy - RBC Brian Klock - Keith, Bruyette, & Woods
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorps First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Andy Cecere, President and Chief Executive Officer and Terry Dolan, U.S. Bancorps Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately noon, Eastern Daylight Time, through Wednesday, April 26 at midnight Eastern Daylight Time. I will now turn the conference call over to Jen Thompson, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Jen Thompson: Thank you, Melissa and good morning to everyone who has joined our call. Andy Cecere, Terry Dolan and Bill Parker are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorps first quarter results and to answer your questions. Andy and Terry will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of the slide presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at usbank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during todays call are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of todays presentation in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Andy.
Andy Cecere: Thank you, Jen. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining our call. I am going to start off by giving you some high level commentary, Terry will then provide more detail in the first quarter results and some forward-looking guidance, and after that, well take your questions. In the first quarter, we reported net income of $1.5 billion or $0.82 per diluted share. Slide 3 of our presentation provides a summary on the quarter. As is typical in the first quarter, seasonal factors impacted sequential results. However, on a year-over-year basis, we reported solid growth in revenues, earnings, loans and deposits. Turning to Slide 4. I would like you to focus your attention on profitability and returns. In the first quarter, our return on average assets was 1.35%, our return on common equity was 13.3%, and our efficiency ratio was 55.6%. We are proud of these industry leading results and we continue to focus on enhancing our performance. We expect our return to shareholders and our efficiency ratio to improve throughout the year as we gain market share in core business lines and benefit from the funding advantage afforded by our high debt ratings and superior deposit franchise. We expect to do this while maintaining the same expense and credit risk discipline our shareholders have come to expect from us. The U.S. economy continues to improve. Interest rates are finally in an upward trajectory and consumer sentiment reflects optimism for potential actions by the new administration. So, there is a lot of change and potential opportunity on the macro front, much of which could be to the benefit of the banking industry. I believe we are well positioned for this next phase of the cycle. During the first quarter of 2017, commercial loan growth was sluggish across the industry. Our large corporate customers tell us that they are optimistic about the future, but are awaiting more clarity regarding potential changes in tax and regulatory reform, infrastructure spend and trade policies. Additionally, some of our clients are actively accessing the capital markets, which pulls some financing from the bank lending arena or result in reduced line utilization. However, we expect commercial loan growth to be better in the second quarter versus the first and we expect more robust commercial loan growth in the second half of the year. Let me talk more about profitability and returns. We are not interested in growing just to get bigger. We are focused on profitable growth. And that mindset is deeply ingrained in our culture. As a result, we are willing to forego volume growth to maintain an appropriate level of profitability. We have been doing this for years in our company. In the wholesale bank, we often acquired new customers by allowing them to utilize their balance sheet for some amount of time, but if we can transition that into a more profitable relationship, we call the relationship. That strategy has translated into client growth, higher revenue per client and better profitability. We apply this same logic in our payments business and every business line for that matter. High volume, low margin business can impair profits. So as an example, we are purposely allowing less profitable business in [indiscernible] to runoff. In the near-term, thats a headwind to top line merchant acquiring services sales and revenue growth, but those clients are being replaced by more profitable relationships. And that transition is setting us up well for the future. Terry will give more detail on merchant processing revenue during his remarks. Turning to expenses. Our efficiency ratio remains best-in-class, but its higher than we would like it to be. As we said last quarter, we expect expense growth to moderate as certain risk management programs are fully implemented later this year. We are committed to delivering positive operating leverage for the full year 2017 with the support of top line revenue growth, careful management of expense and reduced cost pressures from compliance programs. And we will deliver that positive operating leverage without pulling back on prudent investment spending. We remain diligent on the topic of risk management. We feel very good about our credit quality and the overall credit environment. Our net charge-off ratio continues to be stable and the non-performing asset ratio improved on both the linked quarter and year-over-year basis in the first quarter. But we will never take our eye off the ball or fool ourselves into thinking we will be able to predict when the churn in the business cycle will come. Finally, our capital position remains solid. We havent been burdened by an excessive amount of capital that has weighed on the returns. That said we have sufficient capital to support growth, effectively manage through periods of economic stress and continue to return capital to our shareholders. Our tangible book value per share of $19.13 at March 31 was up 6.6% versus a year ago. With that, let me turn it over to Terry to provide details on the quarter.
Terry Dolan: Thank you, Andy. I will start with a balance sheet review and then discuss first quarter earnings trends. Slide 5 shows our loan growth trends. Average total loans outstanding increased 0.2% on a linked quarter basis and grew 4.1% compared to the first quarter of 2016. Strong linked quarter growth in retail leasing and residential mortgages was essentially offset by modest declines in commercial loans, commercial real estate loans and home equity lending. As mentioned earlier, the commercial loan growth was sluggish across the industry during the first quarter. Our commercial loans declined slightly compared with the fourth quarter of 2016. Excluding the seasonal decline of corporate card balances, which are included in our commercial loans, our commercial loan growth was positive 0.2%. Somewhat offsetting this headwind in the first quarter was strong growth in middle-market lending across many geographies. Loan growth in commercial real estate reflects our own prudent approach in lending to certain CRE segments, such as multifamily and retail given current market conditions. Turning to Slide 6. Total average deposits declined 0.2% compared with the fourth quarter of 2016, reflecting typical seasonal trends and lower funding requirements given the slower loan growth in the quarter. On a year-over-year basis, average deposits increased 11.0%. Following the March interest rate hike, our total interest bearing deposit beta is about 20%. As future rate hikes occur, we model that the beta will gradually trend toward a 50% level. On Slide 7, you can see the credit quality remained relatively stable in the first quarter. Net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans were 50 basis points in the first quarter, up slightly by 3 basis points compared to the fourth quarter and 2 basis points higher than a year ago. Non-performing assets declined by 6.7% compared with the fourth quarter, and NPAs as a percentage of loans plus other real estate decreased 4 basis points to 55 basis points at March 31. Improvement was driven by commercial loans, commercial real estate, residential mortgages and other real estate. Slide 8 represents some information on two areas that have received a lot of attention lately by the investment community: auto lending and retail industry exposure. First, on auto, we are a prime lender in the space and we do not originate sub-prime auto loans. The average FICO score for originations in 2016 was over 770. Our credit metrics remain very stable in auto lending. The second area is the retail industry segment, given recent pressure, as consumers alter their buying habits. Commitments related to the retail industry totaled 3.4% at year end 2016. A little over half of that is direct C&I exposure to retailers, two-thirds of which are to investment grade or equivalent clients. We have minimal exposure to retailers who make their malls. We are watching this retail segment and are comfortable with our portfolio, given the relative small exposure, geographic diversity and high quality of customers. I will now move on to earnings results. Slide 9 provides highlights of first quarter results versus comparable periods. First quarter net income of $1.5 billion was essentially flat compared to the fourth quarter, but was up 6.3% versus the first quarter of 2016. The first quarter is impacted seasonally each year and this quarter was no different. Turning to Slide 10, total revenue declined by 2.0% on a linked quarter basis and grew 5.7% compared with the year earlier. The year-over-year revenue growth was primarily driven by solid loan growth funded by strong deposit growth and strength across our fee businesses. Turning to Slide 11, net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis was $3.0 billion in the first quarter, essentially stable with the fourth quarter despite fewer  two fewer days in the quarter. Net interest income was up 3.7% compared with the prior year, reflecting earning asset growth from a year ago. Slide 12 highlights trends in non-interest income, which decreased by 4.2% versus the fourth quarter, reflecting typical seasonal patterns and a decrease in mortgage banking revenue of 14%. The mortgage revenue decline was in line with our guidance and reflects both seasonality and a drop in refinancing activity due to higher interest rates. On a year-over-year basis, non-interest income increased by 8.4%, driven by strength in payment services revenue, trust and investment management fees and mortgage banking revenue. I will highlight a couple of items within non-interest income. Trust and investment fees increased 8.6% year-over-year, reflecting new account growth and improved market conditions, along with lower money market fee waivers. Credit and debit card revenue increased 9.8% on higher credit card sales of 8.5% and total card sales volumes of 6.2%. Credit and debit card revenue increased 6.8%, excluding the impact of an acquired portfolio. The increase in other income was primarily due to higher equity investment income. Merchant processing revenue grew 2.7% on a year-over-year basis, adjusted for the impact of currency rate changes. This is a slower pace than we have seen in previous quarters and reflects several factors, including the impact of higher EMV related equipment sales revenue in the first quarter of 2016, the margin impact of certain interchange caps implemented in Europe in late 2015 and our decision to exit certain high volume, low margin merchant relationships last year. We are growing merchant relationships in this business, but the impact to volumes and revenue is being muted somewhat by these factors. We expect this masking effect will begin to dissipate in the second quarter. By the third quarter, merchant acquiring revenue is expected to return to a more normal rate of growth, a trajectory of same-store sales plus about 2%, excluding the impact of foreign currency changes. Turning to Slide 13, non-interest expense decreased 2.0% compared with the fourth quarter, primarily reflecting seasonally lower costs related to investments in tax advantaged projects, professional services expense and marketing and business development. On a year-over-year basis, non-interest expense increased 7.1%. Growth was driven by higher compensation and employee benefit expenses, reflecting the impact of merit increases, higher variable compensation, including performance based incentives and stock based compensation and hiring to support business growth and risk management programs. The increase in marketing and development expense reflected investment in the brand and various business initiatives. Other expense was up 6.2%, reflecting the impact of the FDIC surcharge, which began in the third quarter of 2016 and an insurance recovery last year. Slide 14 highlights our capital position. At March 31, our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio estimated using the Basel III standardized approach as if fully implemented was 9.2%, which is well above the 7% Basel III minimum requirement and our internal target of 8.5%. In the first quarter, we returned 78% of our earnings to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. We expect to remain in our targeted payout ratio of 60% to 80% going forward. I will now provide some forward-looking guidance. In the second quarter, we look for modest growth in net interest income on a tax  fully taxable equivalent basis, driven by improved loan growth compared with the first quarter and slightly higher net interest margin. Credit card, mortgage and auto loan growth are seasonally stronger in the second quarter. Additionally, we look for improved commercial loan growth in the second quarter as well. However, the timing of anticipated policy changes are difficult to predict. Also, given the current yield curve and rate expectations, corporate clients are continuing to access the capital markets, which may impact that growth in commercial loans in the short-term. Therefore, we think meaningful acceleration in commercial loan growth is more likely to occur in the second half of 2017. Finally, we remain disciplined in lending to the CRE market and growth in that category will likely remain muted in the near-term. We look for mortgage revenue to increase compared with the first quarter. The second quarter is seasonally stronger, as home sales strengthen in the spring and we are well positioned to gain share in the purchase market over time. Industry refinancing activity is projected to continue at lower levels, reflecting higher mortgage rates. Expenses will be seasonally higher in the second quarter, but as previously mentioned, we expect to deliver positive operating leverage for the full year. Given the underlying mix of quality of our loan portfolio, we expect credit equality to remain relatively stable in the second quarter and we expect the loan loss provision to increase in line with loan growth. The taxable equivalent income tax rate was 27.0% in the first quarter compared with 28.1% in the fourth quarter of 2016. The decrease reflected the impact of new accounting guidelines related to stock based compensation effective for the first quarter of 2017. We estimate the taxable equivalent income tax rate in the second quarter of 2017 will be approximately 28%. Finally, in the first quarter, we provided notice to redeem all of our Series G preferred stock and issued $1 billion of Series J preferred stock. The total quarterly dividend  preferred dividend  the total quarterly preferred dividend for the quarter was $69 million. Included in the determination of diluted earnings per share for the first quarter of 2017 was an additional charge of $10 million related to the Series G issuance cost. Looking to future quarters, given our current capital structure, the level of preferred dividends will be about $63 million in the second and fourth quarters of each year and $70 million in the first and third quarters of each year. Of course, the $10 million issuance charge will not reoccur. Let me hand it back to Andy for closing comments.
Andy Cecere: Thanks Terry. So to summarize, we feel good about where we are and how we are positioned and even better about where we are headed. I look forward to leading this company through the next phase of its evolution. Our Chairman and former CEO, Richard Davis leadership has set us up well for the future. And I am grateful for his guidance and partnership over the last 10 years that we have worked together. Our businesses are strong and our culture of innovation is intact. So as I transition into my new role, you should not expect major changes to the strategic direction of this company, given our industry leading performance. You should expect an ongoing focus on innovation, continuous improvement in our customers and employees. That concludes our formal remarks. Terry, Bill and I will now be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from John McDonald with Bernstein.
Andy Cecere: Good morning John.
John McDonald: Good morning guys. I am wondering about the expenses Terry, what kind of step-up in expenses should we kind of be thinking about for the second quarter and just remind us, where does that seasonality occur, which lines?
Terry Dolan: Yes. So if you end up thinking about the second quarter, we are going to typically see it growing probably 3% to 4% in the second quarter relative to first quarter. As John, we have talked in some of our investor conferences, we still expect pressure with respect to risk programs, at least through the end of the second quarter, with the trajectory of that growth starting to slow as we get later into the year. So when we think about positive operating leverages as far as expenses are concerned, we are pretty confident that we are going to deliver on positive operating leverage for the full year.
John McDonald: Okay. But maybe we shouldnt expect efficiency ratio improvement in the second quarter and it probably gets better late in the second half?
Terry Dolan: Thats the way that we are thinking about it. I think its going to probably start to plateau and then as it gets later into the year, its going to start to come down.
Andy Cecere: So, John, this is Andy. I do think we are sort of at our high level. It will be flattish in the second quarter and then start to come down as we achieved that positive operating leverage in quarters three and four.
John McDonald: Okay. And Andy, what kind of loan growth outlook do you have nearer term? How much do you think you can get better in the second quarter and what drives your confidence that we could accelerate further in the back half of the year?
Andy Cecere: Sure. So first of all, our starting point is a little higher versus where we ended the fourth quarter. Secondly, our pipelines are stronger. As Terry mentioned, a lot of our corporate clients were accessing the Capital Markets, so that did put a bit of a damper on loan growth. But the seasonality on home equity, what we are seeing on auto and whats going on with the corporate loan growth tells me that the second quarter is going to be stronger than the first quarter, but probably not as strong as what we achieved some quarters last year, but I do see acceleration here in quarter two.
John McDonald: Okay. And then last thing, Terry, can you just give us some thoughts on the net interest margin? What are the puts and takes going forward for next quarter and how much improvement could you see? We got the March hike. And what do you think for the second quarter NIM?
Terry Dolan: Yes. I think net interest margin as we said is going to end up expanding, but its going to end up expanding slightly, I think in the second quarter. We do see growth in the net interest margin as we get into the third and fourth quarter. Part of the growth in the first quarter of 5 basis points, some of the factors that will help us as we go into second quarter is we are starting to see that inflection point in terms of the investment security portfolio, so that will help us a little bit. Cash balances will be a little bit higher, which will put some pressure on it. When we end up looking at kind of all of those, the growth quarter-over-quarter is going to be in the basis point or so.
John McDonald: Okay, thank you.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, John.
Operator: Your next question is from John Pancari with Evercore.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, John.
John Pancari: On the  back to the loan growth expectation, I know you indicated that as the capital markets weighed near-term, but you expect that could be strengthening. What type of annual growth rate do you expect for this year in overall loan growth? And then as you look into a more normalized macro improving type of environment, what is the go-forward loan growth that you think USB is capable of for next year, for example?
Terry Dolan: Right. So, one of the things that we talked about last quarter is that we thought that loan growth for the year would probably be in the 6% to 8% sort of range. And certainly, as we look at where the first quarter has occurred, thats going to be hard to achieve, but we think its going to be middle single-digits, if you will, for the year. We also do believe that second quarter is going to start to get stronger and thats going to start to accelerate as the year progresses. And so as we think about 2018, we certainly believe that, that 6% to 8% is very reasonable as we think about the future.
John Pancari: Okay, great. Thanks. And then back to the expense topic. Appreciate the color you gave, but just looking at the efficiency ratio, more of on a long-term basis as well. I know you are sitting there at 55.5% for the quarter. How could we expect that, that will trend as we look into 18, if you can give a little bit of color? Thanks.
Andy Cecere: So John, as we have said, we expect our efficiency ratio to be in the low 50s and thats still our goal and our target and thats what we are planning to. I would say, again, that this quarter was at our highest level, our high point and we are going to start to achieve downward trend, particularly in the second half of this year and I would expect the same trend next year as we achieve positive operating leverage.
John Pancari: Okay, great. And then lastly on the credit side, I know you indicated you dont originate sub-prime auto, but do you have a component of your auto book that is sub-prime that is migrated that way?
Andy Cecere: No. I mean, obviously, if somebody goes delinquent and they get scored out, they will wind up with a FICO below 620, but thats just normal migration. So  but I mean, we have a very high-quality auto loan book. The origination FICOs are 770 plus. On the leasing side, its even a higher credit quality portfolio. FICOs are over 780. So anybody that winds up with a 620 or less FICO is just somebody thats probably lost their job and has payment issues.
John Pancari: Okay, great. Thank you.
Terry Dolan: Thanks, John.
Operator: Your next question is from Matt OConnor with Deutsche Bank.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Matt.
Ricky Dodds: Hey, guys. This is actually Ricky Dodds from Matts team. Just a quick question on the professional services line down quite a bit on a linked quarter basis, I was just wondering how should we be thinking about that line going forward and If the first quarter number is a good starting point to sort of model off of? And then maybe another question on the other fees line item, obviously that line item is a little lumpy historically. Wondering if you could remind us maybe what is in that line item that makes it so lumpy and then perhaps provide a good run-rate going forward? Thanks.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So, let me take the professional services fee piece first, Ricky. And if you end up thinking about that, that is an area where a lot of business initiatives comes through and a lot of expense related too, for example, some of the risk compliance programs. Its also very seasonal. Its very  its seasonally high in the fourth quarter. First quarter comes down to the levels that you are seeing and then it starts to ratchet up as business initiatives are put into place and as the year kind of progresses. So, we do expect that its going to be a line category that is going to go up. As we get later into the year and especially as we kind of start getting into 2018 though I think some of the pressure related to professional fees as is related to risk management compliance programs is going to start to alleviate. And so I think that is an area for opportunity as we start looking at next year, but second quarter definitely is going to be seasonally up third quarter and then fourth quarter is usually the high watermark for professional services fees. In terms of other revenue, other revenue is a combination of a whole variety of different things. It ends up including equity investment income, some trading income, sometimes syndications  part loan syndications is a part of that, retail product revenue, insurance product revenue. And so it can be very lumpy depending upon whats happening that particular quarter. Year-over-year, its up a little bit, but relative to the fourth quarter, we had some CDC syndication fees that were a part of that. So, it tends to be a little bit lumpy.
Ricky Dodds: Okay, thanks, guys.
Andy Cecere: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Saul Martinez with UBS.
Saul Martinez: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Couple of questions. First, sort of a bigger picture strategy question. I know, Andy, you mentioned that you shouldnt expect any meaningful change in strategy, but wanted to ask about your branch strategy specifically. You havent, since the crisis, really changed your branch count that much, especially relative to peers. You have also had very strong deposit growth over this time period and continue to. So maybe thats playing a role. But going forward, how do you think about the ideal network size, especially given changes in consumer behavior and frankly some pressure to achieve positive operating leverage?
Andy Cecere: So Saul, you are right. The branches are a great source of deposits. We recognize that. And I think that will become even more important as we move into a higher interest rate scenario. At the same time, you are also right that transactions in our branch are reducing. So, 60% of transactions today are done digitally outside of the branch. So what we have done and we will continue to do is change the footprint of the branch in terms of reducing the square footage and we have done that for the past few years and we continue to focus on that. We have also had some reductions in the number of branches and I would expect that to continue. So, overall, the footprint space, so to speak, in our branch network will come down. The number of people handling transactions will come down, but it does continue to be an important source of deposit growth. And for that reason, we will have branches as we do, but fewer square footage, fewer branches, less space.
Saul Martinez: Okay. Do you give any sort of magnitude or sense of the magnitude of how much you are reducing square footage or the proportion of branches that are being refurbished or remodeled?
Andy Cecere: Yes. From the number of perspectives, we have been calling branches in the neighborhood of 50 to 100 last few years and I would expect this to continue for the next couple of years.
Saul Martinez: Got it. And then a more specific question on credit quality, credit card specifically. The charge-off rates didnt move up, 37, I think a year ago, its 32.6. So, obviously, there is some seasonality component quarter-on-quarter, but year-on-year, there is some increase, and I know you talked about retail and sub-prime auto, but anything there? Whats driving that, anything to be worried about in terms of the trajectory on your credit card book?
Andy Cecere: Short answer, nothing to be worried about. As you recall, we have grown our  all of our loan portfolios throughout this cycle. So we do have seasoning impact there. We have had good  that acquisitions. We have had good organic growth, especially out of the branches. So there is nothing there that  we saw the same seasonal patterns and delinquencies, so we see nothing that concerns us. Its all within expectation. We expect that the latter half of the year, those rates will come back down depending upon the balance.
Saul Martinez: Got it, right. Okay. Can you remind me what you  I think you mentioned in your Investor Day, but what the through the cycle charge-offs are for your credit card book?
Andy Cecere: Yes. I think we tagged that. Its either, like, 4.75 or 5, somewhere in that range.
Saul Martinez: Okay. So you are still well within that?
Andy Cecere: Yes.
Saul Martinez: Alright, very good. Thanks a lot.
Terry Dolan: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Terry Dolan: Good morning Ken.
Amanda Larsen: Hi, this is Amanda Larsen on for Ken. Can you talk about the pushes and pulls on balance sheet growth, average earning assets were down quarter-over-quarter for the first time in many years and I guess that balance sheet size the product of deposit growth in the opportunities that growing loans, but you remain out of cash into loans and securities also shrinking the balance sheet this quarter and I am wondering if this is  if this will be more indicative of your future plans and lower deposit, lower growth quarter as you focus on profitability over volume?
Terry Dolan: Yes. I mean, so if you are all looking at just kind of the shifting of earning assets, I mean we are holding a little bit more cash balances than what we have in the past and thats for things like liquidity purposes, etcetera and the fact that we have had stronger deposit growth over the course of last couple of quarters. In terms of loan growth, I think we have kind of talked about the mechanics of that. Our investment securities is really going to grow in line with what our liquidity requirements are at any particular point in time. From a deposit standpoint, in terms of pricing, we are just really looking at being very competitive with respect to deposit pricing. But right now, deposit beta has been fairly inelastic. So we dont see a lot of changes relative to where we are at. I think it is fairly indicative in terms of what you are going to see going forward.
Andy Cecere: And Terry, I would say most of the fluctuation occurred in the fourth quarter was function of cash levels. And that can be volatile given the deposit flows and given the loan growth. So if you look at our loan portfolio that was up 7.2% [ph]. Our securities were relatively stable. And cash from around a bit, probably up a little bit more cash as we were before.
Amanda Larsen: Okay, great. And then fees were good across the board, can you talk about pipelines and commercial product revenue and also some of the headwinds and tailwinds in the payment line, it looks like corporate payment products may turn into growth, but that merchant processing slowed?
Terry Dolan: Yes. No, I think that is true. I mean we did see really nice growth with respect to credit card. And one of the areas that I would also kind of focus on is in the commercial payments space. We saw some very nice growth. Linked quarter is about 4.7%. On a year-over-year basis is about 5.3%. Its one of the things we are seeing and we started making some business investment in that, a little over a year ago in terms of technology. We rolled out kind of virtual card offerings and innovations. And we are also seeing a little bit of a tailwind as a result of fuel prices getting a little stronger. So thats some of the things that are benefiting us. In terms of commercial business sort of spend, in that particular category. And then in the first quarter, we are starting to see government spend expanding a little bit up, which is a little bit unusual for the first quarter. It was up about 2.2% year-over-year. And we are seeing stronger defense spending in the sense of the election, its maybe the way that we would categorize that. On the merchant  merchant acquiring and merchant processing revenue, I did talk a little bit about it. But again, the drivers behind the 1.3%, part of that is the foreign currency, so that gets you to about 2.7%. We, as part of the kind of chip and PIN sort of rollout in the whole  in that whole topic, our EMV equipment sales were strong at the end of 2015 and the first quarter of 2016. But relative to the industry, we are more penetrated in terms of chip technology with about 66%, 67% penetration at this particular point in time relative to the industry, which is closer to about 40%. And so in the first quarter of this year, we are kind of just continuing to see that. Now, that will abate as we get into the second quarter and into the third quarter as well. And then I think the other thing thats been  the other two things thats been impacting that is that we just have margin compression thats been occurring in Europe because of the interchange caps that were put into place in late 2015. Thats getting close to the end, which is good to see. And then as we said, we have been exiting some high volume, low margin sort of merchants. And so that has impacted revenue a little bit, but it certainly has impacted volumes. And so when we think about merchant acquiring revenue for the second quarter, we do believe that, that is going to get stronger as some of these factors start to abate. And its going to become more normalized in the third quarter. And we think about that  we usually think about it in terms of same-store sales plus 1% to 2% in terms of what the revenues should look like.
Andy Cecere: And Terry, let me reemphasize something you said. The corporate payment systems in the past few years seems to have had a headwind either in the government side because of lower government spend or on the corporate side as some large corporations slow down their expense spending. This was a quarter that we actually saw growth in both. And that was very positive on the corporate side [indiscernible] some of that innovation on the government side because some of the increased spend. And we continue to expect growth in both of those. So thats an important turn in terms of the growth trajectory for corporate payment systems.
Amanda Larsen: Okay. And just one last one on the commercial product revenue thinking about pipelines into 2Q, I know you had a good quarter this 1Q, but then also last year 2Q is seems like a tough comp, so what you are seeing on that [indiscernible] activity, is it possible you can post year-over-year growth next February? Thank you.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Well, certainly, on a year-over-year basis, we do believe that. The second quarter tended to be a little bit stronger last year because of some of the Brexit things in terms of second quarter. But the pipeline, in terms of syndication and fixed income capital markets, continues to be strong. We do expect, given the current rate environment and just kind of some of the things our large corporate customers are doing, that they will continue to access the capital markets. Our capital market revenue was up very strong in the first quarter. We would expect it to stay at higher levels going into the second quarter. So we think that thats a pretty good outlook. And of course, by those large corporate customers accessing the capital markets, that has been impacting our loan growth to some extent. But we do see that continuing.
Amanda Larsen: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Andy Cecere: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Erika Najarian of Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning.
Terry Dolan: Hi Erika.
Erika Najarian: So just wanted to ask a question on the trajectory of deposit costs from here, as you mentioned, deposit betas remained quite low, I did notice that there was a 10 basis point quarterly up-tick in money market savings and I was wondering if you can give us a little bit more color on perhaps a different competitive dynamics of the different deposit products and also you mentioned an eventual 50% deposit beta, but what is the realistic trajectory in 2017 if we only get one or two more rate hikes?
Terry Dolan: Yes. So let me kind of talk about it. Again, betas overall, if we end up looking at December of 15, December of 16, March of 17, typically what we have seen and we are pretty much on track on this is well in terms of the March hike, is that deposit betas have been up about 20%, 20% to 25% kind of in that ballpark. We have a strong retail deposit base that represents about 50% of our overall deposits. And the pricing from that particular standpoint has been pretty inelastic thus far. So we havent seen a lot of movement in terms of retail deposits. And certainly for the next rate hike, I dont expect that we are going to see a lot of movements. There may be a little bit more pressure, but we still think there is room and opportunity there. On the wholesale side, which represents about 30% of our overall deposits, we are seeing kind of what I would say, selective competitive pressure and the deposit betas with respect to that or closer to the kind of 25% to 30% kind of in that ballpark. And then our corporate trust business, which will be unique to us, represents about 18% of our overall deposits. That tends to be a little bit more sensitive to interest rates. And so we are seeing pressure in terms of movement of interest rates is going to be in that space. As we think about kind of the rest of the year and certainly, the next rate hike or so, that 20% to 25% deposit beta probably starts to migrate to 30%, 35% and that would be  what I would think we would see kind of through this year. Its really going to depend upon how many rate hikes and how quickly they come. I just want to point out is that when we model a rate hike movement, certainly as we get a few rate hikes out, we are going to see deposit betas. There is going to be just more competitive pressure there in the future. So thats kind of how the way we think about it.
Erika Najarian: Thank you. And just as a second question. Andy, we totally get the message as a marketplace that its going to be business as usual and no large change in strategy, I am wondering if you could remind us on how U.S. Bancorp, over the next 2 years or 3 years is thinking about inorganic growth in terms of use of its excess capital, especially in a world where your consent order is listed or you dont have any [indiscernible] restrictions in terms of inorganic growth?
Andy Cecere: Right. So we have  as you know Erika, we have been doing some portfolio deals, credit card transactions, some payments transactions as well as trust and fund services. So those types of things, we are not precluded from doing. They are high return, low capital usage businesses and we will continue to focus on them. We are precluded from branch transactions until we are out of the consent order. And we will look at opportunities there to increase market share, our depth of participation on market as that presents itself. But we are well positioned with both organic growth that we have today and our opportunities for acquisition with the current model. So we are not really prohibited from what we want to do.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Sure.
Operator: Your next question is from Vivek Juneja with JPMorgan.
Andy Cecere: Hi, Vivek.
Vivek Juneja: Hi, Andy. Hi, Terry. A couple of follow-ups on those questions that have come up, Andy can you remind us where you are in terms of your expectations for timing on when you get out of that anti-money laundering issue?
Andy Cecere: So there are three components with the concenter and I am going to ask Bill to fill in the details. But the way I think about it simply, there is the people process side and that we are done with that. The second is the technology component, which will be done this summer. And the third is the sustainability component, which is really a function of the regulators improving the sustainability. And that one has a little bit more in terms of uncertainty of timing.
Bill Parker: So Andy hit on it right. We got it late 2015. We had already been working on it for well over 1 year. So last year was a year of build, this year is a year of installing some of the new technology enhancements. We are pretty much at a full staffing level. So towards the end of the year, we expect to be able to demonstrate sustainability. And then from there, its getting all the external parties comfortable with validations and etcetera. So thats how we think about the timing.
Vivek Juneja: Do you think you get out of the whole thing from the regulators by end of this year, early next year, any sense of where you think the timing lands?
Bill Parker: Yes. Again, towards the end of this year is when we will be demonstrating sustainability. So thats  after that, its up to the auditors and regulators.
Vivek Juneja: Okay, great. Separate question, other income, which was up 16% year-on-year, you have mentioned in the release that higher equity investment gains, can you give us some perspective thats pretty nice jump in other income, what is the run rate of equity investment income and what is the dollar amount of equity investments?
Terry Dolan: I have never gotten into the dollar amount associated with equity investments simply because other revenue represents the whole bunch of different categories, I will tell you that as we think about the second quarter Vivek, that we do believe that the equity investment income is we are  going to be pretty consistent based upon anything that we see right now, pretty consistent with the first quarter. So we wouldnt expect to see a lot of movement up or down in terms of equity investment.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. Lastly, auto lease residuals, can you talk a little bit about that, there has been some concerns about that item, given concerns about lot of leases coming off in the next couple of years?
Andy Cecere: So Vivek, this is Andy. That has come back. So as you know, that was in the $700, $800 level last year, migrated down to about $200 of gain in the first quarter. But I will tell you in April, its back up to the $800 to $900 level. So its bounced back. Part of that it because it will slow down in production, which has eased the pressure on used car prices, so that has bounced back.
Vivek Juneja: Alright. Thanks Andy.
Andy Cecere: You bet.
Operator: Your next question is from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Andy Cecere: Good morning Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: Hi, a couple of questions and follow-ups, one is on the deposit rates that you showed on your slide deck where for time deposits, you did increase this past quarter, but there was some outflow and I am just wondering, I know for quite a while, you have been shrinking time deposits, not necessarily most efficient way of gathering deposits, but I am wondering, from here on in is that strategy still hold or should we expect that you are going to try to regain some activity there?
Andy Cecere: Yes. From a time deposit standpoint, thats really kind of a function of what sort of funding we need in order to be able to support loan growth. So in some respect its kind of a function of how much loan growth we end up seeing. If we do continue to see rising rates, that we may have kind of change our pricing strategy a little bit with respect to time deposits, especially as we get into a period of time I dont know whether it will be the next rate hike or the following where retail deposits become more sensitive to rising rates. Then you may see us kind of shifting that strategy in order to kind of lock in some of the deposit pricing associated with time deposits. But right now, based on what we are seeing in the relatively inelastic retail deposits, I dont anticipate that we would change a lot.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then my other follow-up is on the commercial real estate, you mentioned in your prepared remarks, not really looking to grow that line item and in fact strength of it being conservative, maybe just you can speak to some of the reasons why and touch on if any of that has to do with regulatory reviews or CCAR process, etcetera?
Bill Parker: Betsy, this is Bill. Last part first, none of it has to do with the [Technical Difficulty] regulatory or CCAR process. If you look at the CRE line and you look at the two pieces, the piece has been declining is the standing loan or mortgage loan part. So thats as other banks have offered long-term fixed rates or not interested in doing that, loving non-recourse. We are not  we have our set appetite for that. And then just the insurance markets, etcetera. So thats the piece thats been declining. On the construction, we enjoyed fairly rapid growth there for a while. That has slowed, but thats in part because of our own client base. They are getting more cautious on multi-family side and obviously, we follow our clients. So we do look at the high asset values in some of the CRE markets right now, some of the different markets. So our borrowers are cautious, our customers are cautious, we are cautious. But we still anticipate construction, both to grow, just not at the same rates that they used to.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then just lastly on the C&I, I saw the comments around how large corporates are refinancing in the capital markets driving pay downs, a little bit of pressure there on the C&I loan balance, but what about the mid-market side, is that  are you seeing the same thing there and what degree of interest do you think there is in increasing loan utilizations, just separating out large versus mid?
Terry Dolan: Yes. So when we end up looking at loan growth, C&I loan growth, we did see good growth in the middle market space. And so on a year-over-year basis, middle-market was actually up about 8.7%. And on a linked quarter basis, it was up about 2.5%. It represents about 13% to 15% of our overall portfolio. We are seeing that type of growth across the whole variety of different markets. We have seen good growth in places like Nevada, Utah, Colorado, here in the Twin Cities, Kansas City, Wisconsin, just kind of across the board. So as we kind of talk to our folks, we talk to our clients, we are not seeing the same level of access to the capital markets. So that impacts really more on the large corporate space. And we would expect the middle market to continue to grow. The other thing I would say is as we look into the second quarter, part of the middle market is our community banking space and we typically see lift in the second quarter as the ag lending starts to kick in and so both of those would be areas that we would look for opportunity as we think about the second quarter.
Betsy Graseck: Okay, thats great. Yes.
Andy Cecere: I was just going to add one other thing that in the first quarter, we did see several hundred million of pay-downs in our energy portfolio and we dont expect that to repeat as the portfolio is stabilizing and improving, but we did have large number of pay-downs in the first quarter, so...
Betsy Graseck: Okay, thats very helpful. And just lastly the definition between middle-market and large corporate for you?
Terry Dolan: Yes. Its kind of based upon size. Its about $10 million.
Andy Cecere: $10 million in sales, Betsy.
Terry Dolan: Yes, the middle-market is the $500 million, above thats the large corp.
Betsy Graseck: Okay, super. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Kevin Barker with Piper Jaffray.
Kevin Barker: Hi, good morning. Thanks for your time today. Just a quick follow-up on the auto side. Given the decline we have seen in used car prices, I was wondering how you are thinking about the residuals on your auto lease book and how they might be performing relative to your expectations, in particular, just maybe you have increased the depreciation rate on those leases and just really how you are mitigating the residual risk on that book?
Andy Cecere: So Kevin, I mentioned before that the residuals have actually come back here in the early second quarter, back to the normalized levels, I would say. They dipped down in the first quarter. You are absolutely correct, but they did come back. We are already very conservative in the way we think about residuals and the way we book them. So we are not changing anything there and the market has come back.
Kevin Barker: Great, thanks.
Andy Cecere: Sure.
Operator: The next question is from Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. Good morning.
Andy Cecere: Hey, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Can you guys share with us the AHA data as recently as this past Friday showed the home equity loans continue to shrink for the industry. Yours have pretty much held in flat now for a year. Can you tell us what your guys are seeing in their frontlines, why this portfolio is not growing faster since housing prices have obviously come back quite a bit from the lows of the crisis?
Andy Cecere: Well, couple  I mean, we still  we have actively originated our product out of our branches throughout this whole cycle. So, we still have $1.5 billion, $2 billion of originations every quarter and we do pull our folks on what their intended uses are. And it is as you would expect on a traditional home equity, people want to improve the kitchen or whatever. But as home prices have really rebounded, a lot of folks are able to refinance out both first mortgage and our home equity line, lock in a new lower fixed rate. So I think thats what we are seeing right now is a refinancing of all, both the first and second loan, but our origination volume has held in there very steady.
Terry Dolan: And the growth in the utilization, I think, will drive growth.
Andy Cecere: Yes, right.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. You guys have been very steady and predictable on the amount of capital you return to shareholders. What kind of environment would have to develop where you may lift that number closer to 100% of earnings or slightly above it?
Terry Dolan: Well, Gerard, we are in a good spot right now. Our capital levels are such that  and our returns are such that our capital formula works. In other words, we are able to generate enough to return that 60% to 80%. We are at the high 70s right now and still accommodate balance sheet growth. So, I dont see a scenario that we are getting to that 100% as far as the near-term as long as we are continuing to achieve balance sheet growth, which is what I expect. And again, we are in a good spot. We are not sitting here in a big excess position today.
Gerard Cassidy: No, I agree. I totally agree. And then finally, when you guys are talking about the inorganic growth acquisitions, obviously, depositories are off the table for the time being. Are you  would you consider  or can you purchase a wealth manager if you felt that fit into your current wealth management strategies?
Andy Cecere: Components of the wealth business, we could do that and it is a level of  area of interest for us. Wealth is one of our growth businesses. We are doing a great job organically already, but if there are opportunities that present themselves, we will take a look.
Terry Dolan: Yes. And Gerard, what I would say is that in that particular space, we are not interested in what I would call traditional asset managers, but where we found a good fit in terms of a real wealth manager, I think those are things we would take a look at, because culturally, that would be a better fit for us.
Andy Cecere: Exactly.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. Thank you, guys.
Andy Cecere: Thanks.
Operator: Your final question is from Brian Klock with Keith, Bruyette, & Woods.
Brian Klock: Good morning, gentlemen.
Andy Cecere: Hi, Brian.
Terry Dolan: Yes, Brian.
Brian Klock: Its a follow-up question. And actually I missed I had to jump off a little bit so I might have apologized if I answered this already. On the loan growth side and thinking about the NII growth for the second quarter versus the first quarter, I mean, should we be thinking about last years second quarter, you had a really strong 1.5% on annualized growth in total loans. Like with the commentary about maybe some slower rebound for the second half of the year in commercial, should we be thinking about with overall 1%ish maybe loan growth into the second quarter on a linked quarter basis? And does that sort of drive the NII growth quarter-over-quarter?
Andy Cecere: So Brian, we achieved 2.2% in the first quarter. What we said is given the pipelines, the expectations of some seasonality we expect that to accelerate into the second quarter, but not likely to get to that 1 and 1.5. So the way you can think about it is sort of 0.2 to the mid 0.5 somewhere in that area.
Brian Klock: Okay, great. Thank you. And I guess kind of follow up on the auto leasing side. There has been some pretty strong growth year-over-year. Just thinking about if there is the issues around the residuals and how that may impact the amount thats financed by the purchaser. I guess, you guys think that you may see some slowing growth in that  the auto leasing book?
Terry Dolan: Our leasing group is doing a great job. They are taking share. They have a great product. They have been consistent in the marketplace, good turnaround time. So I think that continues to be an area of opportunity for us. And as a reminder, everything we are doing there is prime. So, its good business and its good credit quality business.
Andy Cecere: Yes. Brian, the other thing that I would end up saying is that if you end up looking at the competitive landscape, we offer both the retail leasing as well as the auto lending. And so when customers come into the dealership then we also have very strong relationships with the dealership. So when they are coming into the dealer make a decision upon about buying a loan or buying a car or leasing that car, we have the ability in that prime space to be able to go either way. And I think thats, from a competitive standpoint, one of the reasons why we see the growth.
Terry Dolan: With longstanding relationships.
Andy Cecere: Yes.
Brian Klock: Thats very helpful. Thanks for your time guys.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Brian.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Thanks, Brian.
Jen Thompson: Okay. Well, thank you for listening to this review of our first quarter results. Please contact us if you have any follow-up questions.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jen Thompson - SVP, IR Richard Davis - Chairman, CEO Terry Dolan - Vice Chairman, CFO Andy Cecere - President, COO P.W. Parker - Vice Chairman and Chief Risk Officer
Analysts: John McDonald - Bernstein John Pancari - Evercore Elizabeth Graseck - Morgan Stanley Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill Partners Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks Ricky Dodds - Deutsche Bank Ken Usdin - Jefferies Erika Najarian - Bank of America Mike Mayo - CLSA Saul Martinez - UBS Kevin Barker - Piper Jaffray Vivek Juneja - JPMorgan Peter Winter - Wedbush Securities Gerard Cassidy - RBC
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorp's Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Richard Davis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Terry Dolan, U.S. Bancorp's Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately noon Eastern standard time through Wednesday January 25th, at 12 midnight Eastern standard Time. I will now turn the call over to Jen Thompson of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Jen Thompson: Thank you, Melissa and good morning to everyone who has joined our call. Richard Davis, Andy Cecere, Terry Dolan and Bill Parker are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorp's fourth quarter results and to answer your questions. Richard, Andy and Terry will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of the slide presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at USBank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on page 2 of today's presentation in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard Davis: Thank you, Jen. And good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining our call. While the economy was challenging, and often unfavorable in 2016, it was a good year for U.S. Bank. As you can see on slide 3 of the presentation, we reported record net income of $5.9 billion and record earnings per diluted share of $3.24 for the full year. Our 2016 return on common equity was 13.4% and our efficiency ratio was an industry leading 54.9%. We reported strong loan growth and strong deposit growth and we returned 79% of earnings to shareholders through dividends and buybacks. I'm also pleased with our fourth quarter results which are highlighted on slide four. In the fourth quarter reported net income of $1.5 billion or $0.82 per diluted share. Healthy balance sheet growth supported 2.1% sequential growth in net interest income and strength in fee businesses such as payments and trust drove 3.9% noninterest income growth, compared with the year earlier. Credit quality remained stable in the fourth quarter. Turning to slide 5, our profitability metrics continue to be among the best in the industry. In the fourth quarter, our return on average common equity was 13.1% and our efficiency ratio was 55.3%. Terry will now provide more details about our fourth quarter results. Following Terry's remarks, Andy, whom we announced yesterday will assume the CEO role at the April shareholder meeting this year, while provide some insights about our opportunities for growth in the current environment. Terry?
Terry Dolan: Thank you, Richard. I'll start with the balance sheet review and then discuss our fourth quarter earnings trends. Turning to slide 6, you can see our loan and deposit growth trends, average total loans outstanding grew 1.1% on a linked quarter basis and increased 6.2% compared with the fourth quarter of 2015 or 5.6% excluding a credit card portfolio acquisition at the end of the fourth quarter of 2015. In this years fourth quarter, the linked quarter growth and our increase in average loans was led by a rebound in growth in average total commercial loans of 1.6% and strong growth in several consumer categories. As expected and in line with industry trends, residential mortgage loan growth slowed in the fourth quarter, reflecting both seasonal factors and a slowdown in refinancing activity driven by higher rates. Also commercial real estate mortgages were essentially flat compared with the third quarter of '16, as customers paid down mortgages and evaluate the potential of policy changes and the outlook for rising rates. Total average deposits increased 11.8% compared with the fourth of 2015 and were up 3.3% on a linked quarter basis. The sequential growth was highlighted by a 3.5% linked quarter increase in non-interest-bearing deposits. Turning to slide 7. Credit quality remained relatively stable for the third quarter. Net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans were 47 basis points in the fourth quarter, up one basis point compared with the third quarter and flat with a year ago. A seasonal increase in our credit cards net charge-off ratio offset declines in commercial and commercial real estate net charge-offs. Nonperforming assets decreased by 3.7% compared with the third quarter. Improvement was driven by commercial loans, residential mortgages and other real estate. And while NPAs increased 5.3% versus the fourth quarter of 2015, NPAs as a percentage of loans, plus other real estate rose just one basis point to 59 basis points. We continue to add to the allowance for loan losses in the fourth quarter to support loan growth. I'll move to earnings results. Slide 8 provides highlights of fourth quarter results versus comparable periods. Fourth quarter net income of $1.5 billion was down 1.6% compared to the third quarter. The fourth quarter is seasonally lower from a fee revenue perspective each year and this year was no different. On slide 9, you can see that total revenue increased by approximately 1% in the fourth quarter, compared with the third quarter and grew 4.3% on a year-over-year basis. Our year-over-year revenue growth was primarily driven by solid loan growth, funded by strong deposit growth and strength across our fee businesses. Turning to slide 10, net interest income on a taxable equivalent basis increased by 2.1% compared with the linked quarter and was up 4.6% compared with the prior year. Linked quarter growth reflected 2.1% on average earning asset growth and a stable net interest margin. The benefit of higher rates to loan yields was offset by higher average cash balances and lower yields on security purchases and reinvestment rates on existing securities. Slide 11 highlights trends in noninterest income which declined by 0.6% versus the third quarter, reflecting typical seasonal patterns and a 24% decrease in mortgage banking revenue. The mortgage banking revenue decline was in line with our December guidance and reflects both seasonality and a drop in refinancing activity due to higher interest rates. On a year-over-year basis, noninterest income increased by 3.9% driven by strength in payment services revenue, trust and investment management fees and mortgage banking revenue. I'll highlight a couple of items within noninterest income, merchant processing revenue grew 5.6% on a year-over-year basis, adjusting for the impact of currency rate changes Trust and investment management fees increased 9.5% year-over-year, reflecting lower money market fee waivers, along with account growth, an increase in assets under management and improved market conditions. Given the recent increase in the short term rates the impact of fee waivers in 2017 will be minimal. Turning to slide 12, noninterest expense increased 2.5% compared with the third quarter, in line with our expectation. On a year-over-year basis, noninterest expense increased 6.9%. The primary drivers for the increase on both a quarterly and year-over-year basis were higher compensation expense, professional services expenses and other noninterest expense. Compensation expense reflects hiring for business growth and compliance programs, including addressing the AML Consent Order and DOL implementation. We believe the trajectory of cost for these programs is stabilizing. As a reminder, professional fees and other expense are seasonally higher in the fourth quarter. In the fourth quarter other noninterest expense was driven by higher costs related to investments and tax advantage projects which abates somewhat in the first quarter of 2017. I'll finish with a look at our capital position. Turning to slide 13, our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio estimated using the Basel III standardized approach as if fully implemented at December 31 was 9.1% which is well above the 7% Basel III minimum requirement and our internal target of 8.5%. Our tangible book value per share was $18.70 at December 31st, up 7.2% from a year ago. In the fourth quarter we returned 81% of our earnings to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. We expect to remain in our targeted payout ratio of 60% to 80% going forward. I will now turn the call over to Andy.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Terry. I'd like to provide some insights into our thoughts on how we are positioned for growth in the current environment. For the full year 2016, average loans increased by 6.9% and we think are the full year 2017, a 6% to 8% growth rate is very achievable. We expect the pace of growth is likely to be more weighted towards the later part of the year as customers become more comfortable with the economic future post-inauguration. In the first quarter, we expected loan growth to be similar to the linked quarter growth experienced in the fourth quarter of 2016, as customers consider the implications of potential policy decisions and tax decisions of the new administration. We also expect relatively flat growth in residential and commercial mortgage loans as seasonally slower growth and credit card balances. Coming out of the first quarter, we are optimistic that an improving economy will spur more consumer activity, which will help both our payments businesses and our consumer lending businesses and improved economic backdrop should also result in increased business spending on development and capital investments, and we are well positioned to capture our fair share of that lending and fee activity. Given the improving interest rate environment, including the current shape of the yield curve, we expect that the net interest margin or the NIM will expand modestly in the first quarter. We look for mortgage revenue to decrease 10% to 15% in first quarter, in line with an expectation for lower refinancing activity, reflecting both seasonal trends and the impact of higher market rates. We expect expenses to decline slightly on a linked quarter basis, primarily driven by seasonally lower professional fees and a decline in tax credit amortization expense, resulting in a relatively stable efficiency ratio. Finally, given the underlying mix and quality of the overall portfolio, we expect credit quality to remain relatively stable. I'll now turn the call back to Richard.
Richard Davis: Thanks, Andy. And I'm proud of our record fourth quarter and our full year 2016 results. We've maintained our industry-leading performance measures and reported a 17.7% return on tangible common equity in the quarter, and an 18% return for the full year. That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Terry, and Bill Parker and I would now be happy to answer any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from John McDonald with Bernstein.
John McDonald: Good morning. Good morning, Richard and Andy. Congratulations to both of you on yesterday's announcement. I was just wondering
Richard Davis: Thank you.
John McDonald: Just wondering, Richard, if you have any additional color to share on what drove the timing of the decision to do the transition now. Obviously it has been well-planned but just what drove the exact timing? And then also what exactly will be entailed in the role of Executive Chairman for you going forward?
Richard Davis: Thanks, John. I know you all be disappointed, you can't kick me around anymore, thats the number one goal. First of all, this was very well telegraphed and I want to thank you for setting it up that way. You know, I hit my 10 year anniversary as the CEO of the bank last month and many years before that I conferred with the board and our senior leaders and told them that I had a couple of thoughts that attended to that notion, that at 10 years I think it's the right time for a transition. I think that's for any company of any type and it seem that we are about three years away. Second point, John was that our success was sitting right here. Andy, was clearly becoming the perfect person to lead the company based on his talents and his skills. I had worked with him seven years as a partner at that point and I want to make sure that as a board, and as a CEO we telegraphed him, first of all, that he was a candidate and it was up to them to make that final decision and that the candidacy wouldnt come eight years from now you know, when I am 65 and hi is 62, and it seemed appropriate that we lockdown that succession as soon as we could and that we started that process privately back then. And then equally important to me, but it's just a personal thing for me, I want to do something else in my life thats entirely different. I call it a calling, if you will, I don't exactly know how to explain it. And I know it's a little odd to have a 58-year-old healthy CEO leaving and to go nowhere. But that's really what it is because I'm not leaving this company, I'm handing it over to a great management team, and a great leader and I'm looking forward to being successfully part of it the future as an advocate and a exclusive partner in this part of the banking environment. So I'm really going off to do something uniquely different and I'll see what comes about in the next few months. As you know I'll be the CEO for another 90 days until April 18th and I'll be full in on that job until which time our shareholder meeting in Nashville will hand over the reins. I'll then step up to be the Executive Chair. And what that means, John is really what I am now. So I think of it this way, I had three titles two years ago, I gave Andy one of them last year, I'm giving him another one in April and I am keeping the last one because I am selfish. I am going to chairman for a while until the transition is ensconced and complete in both the Board and the Street, you guys are comfortable that we've made that transition and its my hope that there is a lot of continuity and sustainability of what we did and yet I also hope Andy feels the permissions to do what he needs to do and make adjustments into the future. So as a Executive Chair we're not telegraphing that we're separating the titles of Chairman, CEO permanently or just doing it because we would do that in any succession. We think that's one of the best practices. And then in the future whenever I move away and the Board has a decision either merge the two titles again or not and thats the decision we don't have to know or telegraphed now because we don't have that decision afoot. So hopefully thats clear and I'll be working with the lead director as a partner and that's what happens when you have an executive chair and a lead director, we'll work together with Andy to guide the board and to give him guidance to manage the company.
John McDonald: Okay, great, that is super helpful. Thank you, Richard. And just a follow-up then on expenses. When you think about the year, it seemed like 2016 for U.S. Bank was a year of kind of digesting maybe an above average expense drag. You mentioned a few things like DOL, consent order, it seemed like there were some compliance costs, maybe some stepped up investments. Just wondering as you look at the operating leverage dynamics for 2017, does it get better from both ends with higher rates helping revenues and maybe easier comps on expenses? Could you flesh that out a little bit?
Richard Davis: Yes, I will and then I'll give to Andy to color. The answers is yes, you are right, I work from both ends. Look, I'm more disappointed than anybody that we hit that 55% efficiency ever. Its a reality, its something that we needed to do. A big part of that is the AML Consent Order and you know I think most banks are probably dealing with some form public or private of the consent on the issue for AML and so a remarkably expensive process. I mean, remarkably, and we underestimated that, but we're able to handle it as we go forward. As Terry said thats stabilizing now only to mean that it's peaked, but also mean, we don't know when it starts to come back down, but it will definitely come back down because it's got and end point, its a consent order. I will say that that's a fair amount of the number that's moved us from what might have been 53 or 54 to the 55 and we'll see that come down. DOL is also a time vested event that will come and go by middle of this year and we said before we're investing heavily into it. We've got a great partner. We believe we've got the right solution and no matter what happens in Washington, we would do this anyways. So it's not bound by any kind of regulation or changes that might occur. So those are two big enough issues that have taken our efficiency ratio, our expenses up a little higher than we like, but we think that they sustain and they start moving down. And then you know as well as anybody, the fact that the interest rates are starting to move and that the curve is steepened, while thats the other benefit. And so on both ends let's call this and probably this quarter which should be pretty flat on efficiency, probably the high water mark and then we'll get back to places you expect us to be. The other thing thats sitting underneath those numbers is this remarkable cost of innovation and technology and we can talk about it until you guys stop listening, but it will only show itself in the future when you'll see which companies really made those investments and we're ready to jump to a new kind of real-time payments, mobile environment and those that didn't, we are one that is. And so are capital expenditures are right now and again this year, probably twice what they were many years ago, and probably half again what they need to be in the future years, but we're spending that kind of money to get this thing ready for this environment, its going to change pretty quickly. That is also a time bound issue where that CapEx starts to come down, probably this will be another peak year and then we'll start moving down. So everything moves back to getting into the low 50s without a lot of work, but with time passing. Andy, do you want to
Andy Cecere: And I'd Richard. So as you said we expect two rate increases in '17 mid year and in December, given that and the expectation for the stronger economy, plus the brand and innovation investments we made. We expect accelerated revenue growth in 2017 and positive operating leverage.
John McDonald: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from John Pancari with Evercore.
Richard Davis: Morning, John.
John Pancari: Morning. I just want to get a little bit more color on what you are seeing in terms of loan demand and borrower appetite post the election. And where are you seeing strengthening? Is it in certain markets like in some of the borrower appetite in the Midwest given some of the manufacturing implications or is it some of your other markets? Thanks.
Andy Cecere: John, I'll start and then I'll hand it to Bill for a little bit more detail. So first I will tell you that there's more optimism and positive commentary for a lot of our business customers. But we haven't seen a significant change in utilization or actually take down of credit yet. So while the talk is there, the actual action is not yet shown itself. We do see a steady growth in middle market, small business, and a higher corporate loan growth, and auto is strong as is the mortgage activity. But again, because re-financings are down we will expect that to diminish. But again, the key point I would make is, we're not seeing huge changes. In fact, it's relatively flat in terms of the overall utilization rate and then there are couple of areas that we're choosing not to be as active in, and I am going to let Bill comment on that.
P.W. Parker: Yes, what is Andy is referring there is commercial real estate, we do see some of those markets as being sort of late stage credit cycle. If you look back, we had fairly robust growth in our construction, real estate construction book and that's slowing now, its even slowing with you know our client base, they are being more cautious. Multifamily is an area that if you look at the forecast, there are forecast, its pretty broad-based of potential rent declines in a lot of the major cities. So we're been more cautious there and then on commercial mortgages soft of the term portion we've been fairly flat to down in that area and there is very aggressive competition for long-terms, fixed rate, limited covenants, to no covenants, non-recourse and thats just not a market that we play in. So that's one area where we're just to going to see lower growth based on what the business we do.
Richard Davis: You know, John, this is Richard. We've been here before 10 years ago when we started to see the bifurcation of loan growth by different appetites, by different banks and it always sounds a bit like a hollow victory to say, we're just not to be as aggressive, we're not going to fight on terms, we're not going to fight on tenor, we're not going to do certain kinds of kinds of loans and it might sound a little bit of an excuse, but it's really part of the strategy and its the thing we're going to stick with, we're not changing that approach. I'll give you an example, commercial real estate $43 billion portfolio, $17 billion of it is in small communities, because remember we're really kind of a community bank at heart and there's a lot of smaller banks that are doing some things that you guys arent even writing about because you don't follow the small banks, but we're in the middle of that and we're not going to play. And while it be easier to give you guys some loan growth in certain areas, it won't be on terms or tenor or stretching or underwriting on any category. It will be on price because we've got that cost advantage, we're going to use that advantage where can. But when you do price you do it only for AAA kind of customers and then you have the higher quality customers who by the way in this last quarter also had access to the capital markets more than other customers and you'll see our capital markets, these are much higher than they were expected, while loan growth might have been on the low end of our range, its probably a good outcome because it reflects quality of our customers. So we're going to stick to that and thats kind of thing you won't see change. And while we might take a little heat because I know loan growth is a good proxy for a healthy bank, its got to be at the right quality, the right terms and we're just going to stick to our guns.
John Pancari: Okay, that is helpful. And then on that competitive point, I just want to get an update from you on a comment you made at a conference this past quarter around how much of the tax benefit could ultimately accrete to the bottom line. I think you had indicated that about 50% to 60% of any benefit that you do see from corporate tax reform could accrete to EPS. Is that still your thinking? Do you have any update there and any additional color you can get us on how do you come up with that general [ph] range? Thanks.
Terry Dolan: Sure, John. And this is Terry. So I mean, obviously there are still a lot that has to happen with respect tax policy both in terms of the amount of the rate and you know what ends up continuing to be deductible and all sorts of things. But when you think about the tax credit business, the tax credits will still be worth a hundred percent all the rest of that stuff. But you know the area that we would you know see an impact, I think is really related to the tax benefit that you get on the investment that you make in those assets. So basically the tax benefit on the shield. But to keep it simple, if we saw a tax  a corporate tax rate decline of 10%, we would expect our effective tax rate to benefit or go down by about half of that or about 60% of that. So think about five percentage points to 6 percentage points in that range, that's essentially what we would expect to see the change in our effective tax rate and its because of the various dynamics associated with how tax credits work.
John Pancari: Okay, so that is not any -- that doesn't factor in anything competitively like the expectation that some of this benefit could get competed away?
Terry Dolan: No, I know what you are talking about and we dont see that, thats not - I'm not predicting that thats going to be given back by the banking industry as a form of competition. This is just a singular event that could happen. By the way, I am going to a tax benefits unless you guys know something I don't, its really has to go with the budget process. So this is probably more a late '17, '18 issue, much as we all want to be immediate. And I think that's one of the reasons customers were also a customer of others are holding back on some final decision. So we see what and when things happen in taxes is one of them. But we're quite efficient now, we're proud of where we are, so I dont want to be punished for having been more tax efficient than others, but it also means is a little less benefit if the most aggressive tax benefits accrue, we've get a little bit less of it, but its still a benefit of its starting point.
John Pancari: Got it. All right. Thanks again, and Richard and Andy congrats.
Richard Davis: Thanks, John.
Andy Cecere: Thank you, John.
Operator: Your next question is from Elizabeth Graseck, Morgan Stanley.
Richard Davis: Morning.
Elizabeth Graseck: Hi. Hi, good morning. Thanks so much. Couple of questions. Just one as a follow-up on the compete away question that has been coming up on a bunch of calls. The corporates that you work with, the larger they get the more I think they are aware of how much wallet share and what the value is that they are providing to you. So I guess the question is why do you think that it won't get competed away given that it tends to be a pretty dynamic process in those discussions?
Richard Davis: I'll go first and then Andy can jump on. They do know their wallet share. By the same token part of it is by design because they've learned over the years they want to be double or triple down with one partner, right. So first of all, they have  and need to have more than one partner in and above just from competition and rate. Second thing is, if you look at the way the industry is handling the rate increases that relates to the liability side of the balance sheet, right, we're a little smarter this time and we're not giving it all the way immediately and we're not  we're not colluding either because we never talk. But we're also being very careful and thoughtful about protecting what needs to be a wider range between the cost of liability and the cost of asset and if that behavior continues, I think the same action comes with taxes where we'll find it, we do it in pricing and yet the world still reasonable and aligned. And I think with taxes its going to be the same thing, we're all going to want to do our very best to protect what benefits our companies and help our customers do well, but company is one we're like to bank that and find it another forms, particularly in credit quality and in cost of funds. So I am saying others won't try it, but we also never really been competing on that level. If somebody wants to compete on price, bring it on because we can beat him every day for the highest quality customers.
Andy Cecere: And to that point Richard, you know we already have the advantage of best rated bank which gives us a plenty of an advantage, which will already advantage in terms of getting new business and or achieving higher return. So that's the other component to it.
Elizabeth Graseck: Okay. Thats helpful. Maybe I could also ask a separate question on the NIM outlook. I think, Andy, you mentioned expand modestly in -- was it 1Q '17 or 2017? But just wanted to tie that in with the commentary on this deck where you talked about how the reinvestment rate on securities was lower. Just wondering if thats the angle with which a higher reinvestment rate on securities is going to drive that expand modestly. Maybe you could help me understand if that is the case and how much expand means when you say expand modestly?
Andy Cecere: So Betsy I'll start then hand it over to Terry. On the expand modestly it was a comment specific to the first quarter, it related to both the increase in LIBOR and the short term end of the curve as well, as long-term end of the curve and its principally around loan pricing and deposit pricing. The investment security portfolio, sort of stabilization occurs little about mid-year and then that would be beneficial towards the end of the year. And Terry anything you'd add to that?
Terry Dolan: Yes. When we talk about reinvestment rates as Andy said, when we get to the end of the first quarter, into the second quarter, you know, we start to see that inflection point, so that will help the margin. And you know we - as Andy said earlier, you know we plan for a rate hike, December of last year, June and then December. And so you know we think about the margin first quarter it will expand modestly and then it will probably accelerate a bit from there.
Elizabeth Graseck: Okay. Perfect. Thank you. And then last question -- on the impact of the stronger dollar on your merchant processing business and elsewhere if it is material, but I think it is mostly there.
Terry Dolan: Yes, it is mostly there. So our stated revenue growth Betsy was 2.8% year-over-year and excluding the FX impact it was about 5.6%. So everyone 1% or whatever the currency is about a $1 million a year.
Elizabeth Graseck: Thank you.
Richard Davis: Thanks, Betsy.
Operator: Your next question is from Scott Siefers with Sandler O'Neill Partners.
Richard Davis: Hi, Scott.
Scott Siefers: Morning, guys. First, Richard and Andy, congratulations to both of you, well-deserved
Richard Davis: Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Thank you.
Scott Siefers: I guess first question on the expenses, I appreciate the commentary for the full year on operating leverage and expenses. Just hoping you guys might be able to put sort of a finer point on the slight drop in costs you expect in the first quarter. I guess as I look back over the last few years the magnitude of drop into 1Q, it used to be much more significant I would say but it has gotten lesser as we have gotten more recent. Just curious if you can maybe give us a sense for order of magnitude of what you would expect that drop to be.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So this is Terry. So when we end up looking at the first quarter you know, we would expect that drop to be about in the percentage point kind of range. But you know, the drivers behind that is that professional services fees are always seasonally high in the fourth quarter and included in that are compliance costs related at DOL and other things, which will start to abate in the second, third quarter. So some of those compliance cost, specifically related to DOLs start to go away. And then of course the tax credit amortization that we have in the fourth-quarter is always seasonally high in the fourth quarter and it comes back down to normal and remember last quarter we gave some guidance around how much that might go up, I think it was about $60 million and that will all go away, but you know - probably about 60% of that will abate in the first quarter. So those are the biggest drivers in terms of why we see expenses going down.
Scott Siefers: Okay. Perfect. Thank you. And then maybe switching gears to the fee side. Terry, can you give a sense for what the dollar level of the equity investment income was in the fourth quarter? And I guess just to the extent possible, I know that is a volatile line, but your sense for what a typical level might be going forward?
Terry Dolan: Yes, in terms of equity investments, when we think about fourth quarter, you know, its probably I am going to say $20 million to $30 million higher than what we had seen in the third quarter, fourth quarter is probably more of what I would say normalized sort of level. So when you think about equity investments on a go forward basis its probably going to be comparable to the fourth quarter when we think about the first quarter.
Scott Siefers: Okay. All right. Thats good color. Thank you guys very much.
Terry Dolan: Thanks so much Scott.
Operator: Your next question is from Marty Mosby with Vining Sparks.
Richard Davis: Hey, Marty.
Marty Mosby: Hey. Congratulations on the shift and the evolution of the management team there.
Richard Davis: Thank you.
Marty Mosby: And Richard, what I wanted to ask you was as you take on the role solely of Chairman of the Board and working with your lead director, will you still take on most of those responsibilities? Because that is a large share of what you do when you have CEO and Chairman is you have a lot of activities just working with the Board, making sure that that process is going. So that relieves a lot of burden from what Andy would have to do initially as he takes his new responsibilities.
Richard Davis: Marty, you nailed it, thats exactly why the transition is we think best practice because it affords me chance to work with the board and make sure that Andy is got the time and energy to work with the management team and to work on the issues. I will not be in the day-to-day management of the company because that's also a best practices to stay out of running the company, but to help him with the board side of it. And I'll be an ambassador of company, I'll do whatever he needs me to do, I can go places for him if he needs me to. I am not going to go on TV a lot, I am not going to talk about as the ex-U.S. Bank CEO, I am not going to do that because the voice has to be his and the current management team. But you got it right and when the transition is satisfactorily complete and the board and I and Andy feel that we made successful transition then will move it to the next step and they can decide where the chairman position lies, but it will give Andy the time to get focused on all the right things to run the whole company.
Marty Mosby: And then Andy and Terry, when you are -- one of the things in the release that has been consistent across all of the bank so far, which is to me the biggest surprise, is that deposit growth is continuing not just to be relatively strong but in your case was actually picking up as we have kind of gone into rates starting to move up a little bit. And we would think some re-risking would be deploying some of this liquidity back into the system. I'm just trying to figure out where all that deposit growth is coming from, because, like you said, your deposit betas are going to be tied to what is happening on your deposits. And right now it is continuing to grow which gives you a lot of flexibility on pricing.
Andy Cecere: So Mary, I'll start and Terry will add on. So I am going to say three areas of focus, why we're growing deposits. First of all in the wholesale side and as continuation of us taking market share and along with that market share is new customers who have deposits. Secondly is our corporate trust business. Corporate trust is a great business. It's very high return, great fee business, but importantly it also generates a tremendous level of deposit activity and we're growing that business both domestically, as well as in Europe and that's very helpful. And thirdly is the retail core basis. As we continue to take market share and this is one of the things we talked about being very prudent around branches. While its true that we consolidated 40 or 50 branches in the last couple years. We've done that very thoughtfully in a manner that says we don't want to lose face. We want to optimize the footprint. But we don't want to lose customers or deposits and I think the deposit growth you're seeing is because of that manner of closure or consolidation which is very thoughtful. Terry, what else would you add?
Terry Dolan: Yes, I would add maybe just two different things. One is that you know as corporates kind of waiting to see what happens from a policy perspective as they have cash and they are waiting to figure out how to deploy that, they are probably parking it a little bit. And then as we talked about in the third quarter [with money market reform, there was a fairly strong inflow of deposits in the third quarter, I am not sure all that has abated yet, as people kind of figure out what they are going to do from a money market standpoint in terms of government funds or whatever. So those are the other two things I would just add.
Marty Mosby: Thanks.
Terry Dolan: Thanks, Marty.
Richard Davis: Thanks, Marty. Operator Your next question is from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Richard Davis: Hi, Matt.
Ricky Dodds: Hi, guys, it is Ricky Dodds from Matt's team.
Richard Davis: Hey, Ricky.
Ricky Dodds: Just a quick question on - the goal is positive operating leverage. And if we don't see those two hikes that you guys have kind of built into your forecast is the goal of positive operating leverage still achievable?
Andy Cecere: Its more challenging. This is Andy. Its more challenging and we've always had great balance around making sure we're investing for the future and recognizing our short-term objectives. And we believe firmly we can get there with the two rate increases that I mentioned it will be more difficult, we'll have to continue to measure that balance of short term versus long-term, but it would more difficult.
Richard Davis: And Ricky, they are not equal because if we get the June one, another December, we're there. We get the December and not the June much harder. So - and I know there is a lot of work out [ph] that have a June, September, December, we're just using June, December projections right now.
Ricky Dodds: Got it. And then maybe an unrelated follow up on deposit betas. Obviously not a huge impact with the first hike. But as you think about more hikes what's your thinking there both on the commercial and consumer side?
Richard Davis: Yes, so I mean, and thats good way looking at in terms of commercial and consumer. So you in terms of the December rate hike and kind of what we're seeing right now its very similar to what we experienced a year ago in terms of the deposit beta. So kind of in the middle teens to upper teens is kind of in that ballpark. When we model it out, especially on a longer-term basis and so as we see rate hikes and if would see a June rate hike or December rate hike or maybe even the September rate hike, that will start to normalize. We typically model it in the 40% to 50% range in terms of deposit betas and then also from a modeling perspective, you know we assume that there is going to be some deposit disintermediation that would take place during that time because of economic growth. So that  that probably that kind of gives you some perspective and the price it will be more sensitive with respect to the wholesale deposits, our corporate trust deposits and it will on the retail side.
Ricky Dodds: Perfect. Thanks, guys.
Richard Davis: Thanks, Ricky. Operator?
Operator: Your next question is from Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Richard Davis: Hi, Ken.
Ken Usdin: Thanks, good morning, guys, and also congratulations to both of you. Can we talk a little bit about fees, understanding that the NII side looks to have a pretty good path to growth based on your loan and NIM comments? Can you talk us through what you think would be the lead driving forces on the fee side especially given that it looks like mortgage might be a more difficult comparison looking ahead?
Andy Cecere: Yes, I'll start. This is Andy. The fees as you said, three component side highlight, number one is mortgage down 10% to 15%, number two payments. So our payments revenue this quarter on a year-over-year basis, up 4%, but actually about 5.5% excluding FX 5.3%, and we actually saw good growth in all three categories, the merchant acquiring, the card issuing, as well as corporate. So we would expect to see that to continue to grow, particularly as we see increased spend, both from a personal standpoint, as well as from a business standpoint. So thats a second category. And then final category I mentioned is our trust and investment fees, that is going to be partially leverage to a growing economy and continuing together investment activity in our private client, as well as our retail base overall. So those three categories, I think those two categories offset that mortgage category that we'll see growth in fees.
Richard Davis: This is Richard, Ken. Why don't you also give a little color, because that will also come up later, that from the payment side we don't chase volume for revenue and just like we don't chase loans for quality.
Andy Cecere: Right. I should mention, so and Elavon is the best example of that. So I mentioned that our core growth stated is about 2.8% and excluding FX its about 5.6%. But what you see on volumes is actually decline in volumes and thats because we intentionally exited some very low margin large customers who were not profitable, and we did that intentionally, you'll see that impacting volumes, but you did not seeing impacting revenues and I think that is a great example we're trying to do this in a smart way.
Ken Usdin: And that was actually going to be my follow-up. So it looked like the credit and debit card comped a little bit harder year-over-year, whereas corporate and merchant, to your last point, started to look better. Are we near the point where you think that we can get all three of the individual lines of payments moving the right way on a revenue growth perspective? And if not what is still holding that back?
Andy Cecere: Yes. And let me add, so Elavon as I mentioned strong growth on the revenue, same store sales up just under 4% driven by airline and fuel and that drove that 5.6 ex-FX revenue growth. Corporate card is two stories, number one is on the business side of the equation. We continue to see strong middle market, virtual pay, commercial freight payment growth and thats positive. But that was offset somewhat by government spending down a bit, sometimes that happens in the fourth quarter, we saw that occur this time. I think that will come back or flatten now, but that's what drove some of the lower growth activities you saw on corporate. And then finally on the card side, of the issuing side, our growth in fees was about 7.5% less than that excluding Fidelity, but it was also impacted by one last processing day in the fourth quarter which impacted growth about 1% or 1.5%. So those three things are what's driving it overall and as I said, I think all these categories we would expect to grow in 2017.
Ken Usdin: Thanks a lot, guys. And best of luck. Congrats.
Richard Davis: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: Your next question is from Erika Najarian with Bank of America.
Richard Davis: Morning.
Erika Najarian: Good morning. Congratulations, Richard and Andy.
Richard Davis: Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Thank you.
Erika Najarian: Richard, we will sure miss you, but we are looking forward to having Andy at the top. So my first question, you mentioned in the prepared remarks that the trajectory of regulatory-related costs are stabilizing. And you mentioned how expensive the AML consent order was and DOL compliance. I am wondering if you know, the stabilization seems like the natural trajectory of regulatory-related cost. But if we get some regulatory relief from the new administration is there an opportunity for reg costs to actually go down for U.S. Bank?
Richard Davis: The answer is yes. I wouldnt be this year and I'll say I'm going to be prognosticator here. But based on what I understand, the administration that's going to take office in a few days. The number one issues are health care reform, taxes and infrastructure and somewhere in the top five might be financial services, but its not the top three, a lot of financial services issues I think will be dealt with in the early part of the year but with some implications later. So thats why I said earlier on DOL for instance, as we never made a bet on whether something would happen that would cause us to need to slow down because we want to be ready. We would do it anyway. So I think Erika the best thinking is that the understanding of what implications and lower regulation might happen will be known probably in the second half of the year and benefited in sometime in '18, but I'll also tell you but for things like an unusual consent order or an event like DOL transition, I think this bank has peaked on those costs. Our compliance costs in the entire company are now in terms of FTE, they are over 7000 people of our 70,000 and thats up more than twice what it was a few years ago. Thats a little high because of these issues I just mentioned, but it's not going to go back to where it was, its going to stay much higher because thats the cost of running a high-quality bank. We don't have issues other, but the AML issuance which has causes that kind of extra expense and so its expecting that nothing else comes along. We will see that come down and whatever regulatory reform relief we do see. But most of it, I've got to say its going to be on the margin because most of the stuff is burdened in, its under run rate, it turns out a lot of its good operating policy and good compliance review tactics for double and triple checking and we're not going to give up a lot of that. So at least for this bank its got a positive leaning toward improvement, its late in the year, if not next year and its not going to be significant, but it will be part of it.
Erika Najarian: Great. My second question is for Andy. I mean it is pretty clear in terms of the 60% to 80% capital return that you target every year. I am wondering, given the stock is trading close to 3 times tangible book if you think about future CCARs, whether you will maybe prioritize the dividend heavier as you think about dividend growth going forward and maybe normalizing to pre-crisis payout ratios. And also how you are thinking about acquisitions, especially depository acquisitions, in terms of your capital strategy going forward?
Andy Cecere: So Erika, as you know our capital strategy is 30 to 40 and dividends, 30 to 40 on buybacks. We're at the high end on buybacks and at the low end on dividends right now I would think about as moving more to our balance perspective on that as we move forward and as we continue to look at the future years in CCAR. With regard to acquisitions, with the consent order in place right now we're precluded from traditional depository acquisitions. But we are doing things like you saw in the last year with Fidelity and IAG card portfolio acquisitions, we can do merchant acquiring to acquisitions and on trusted payments businesses. So that does not preclude us and thats actually area of focus. So I think that will be our focus in the short-term, once we're out of the consent order we may look at traditional depository, but that's not on focus right now.
Erika Najarian: Great. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Sure.
Richard Davis: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Mike Mayo with CLSA.
Richard Davis: Hi, Mike. Mike, are you there?
Operator: And you maybe on mute on your end Mike.
Mike Mayo: Okay. Richard, the first question is why are you stepping down? I guess I am - I mean I am a little confused. I mean you are running a bank with best-in-class performance measures. You have been there 10 years, you are 58, I guess almost 59 and you had many other banks - have sometimes run banks with worst-in-class performance measures, have been there over a decade and they are a lot older. So what's going on? And also what does it mean when it says you will help move the Bank to new areas of business?
Richard Davis: So Mike, I don't if heard at the opening of the call, because I answer that question for John McDonald. That basically the reasons are, I said in place three years ago that at the 10 year mark, assuming nothing else that changed, that would be appropriate for a change in leadership because I just feel that way. Its my personal opinion. I indicated that Andy is the perfect candidate, he is sitting right here next to me, lets give him the signal, lets give him the time table and lets keep them. And thirdly, I do have another calling in life to do something entirely different, which I don't know what it is because I never felt permitted to look until the amount was passed and today will be my first day look into the future, along with my wife, but a very strong view that we want one more thing in life to accomplish and its going to be entirely outside the banking industry. So thats the reason and the rumors of my bad health or early demise are greatly exaggerated, I feel quite good today. And so thats timing for that and I don't know why some people stay longer. I don't know what the issues are in other companies. But mine was not the time it, mine was not to set this moment in time based on how the company is doing. It was three years ago to set a timetable that if at the 10 year [ph] market seems right and it now does, we've got everything lined up and the perfect guy to do it. And so that's exactly what it was and the board of course has all those decisions, I can't make any decision I want to on my own without their complete endorsement and they are very careful due diligence, which they did all of and they are quite excited about this transition as well.
Mike Mayo: And then as far as Andy, is this business as usual? Are you going to have some tweaks or strategic changes? Or what degree of change might you implement especially with Richard still as Chairman?
Richard Davis: Hanging around.
Andy Cecere: So like Richard and I've been together - Richard. I've been together for 10 years and the strategies and the decisions that we have made and the position the bank is a combination of all of us, the management committee and the two of us. So I don't expect major changes. We are continuing to focus on one bank from the perspective of the customer, the technology and innovation will continue to be an area of focus as it has been as things move digitally. And you know I would maintain that we are the best bank right now and I'm certain that we have one of the best management teams out there. So I couldnt be more honored and pleased to take this on.
Mike Mayo: All right, well, thank you.
Richard Davis: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Your next question is from Saul Martinez with UBS.
Richard Davis: Hi, Saul.
Saul Martinez: Hi, good morning. Hi, good morning and congratulations on the roles. I wanted to ask you about the longer term guidance you had - you outlined at your Investor Day. And I think you guys have addressed it I guess in a directional fashion thus far, but sort of a broader question. You guys gave pretty expensive guidance on revenues, expenses, through the cycle provisions, business line growth. And obviously the backdrop has changed, we are kind of at an inflection in terms of - potential inflection in terms of the economic backdrop, regulatory backdrop and whatnot. But how are you guys thinking about the longer term guidance that you outlined today versus mid-September when you had your Investor Day? And where are you feeling more comfortable; where are you feeling less comfortable? If you could just kind of give us a directional sense of that.
Richard Davis: So Saul, as you know that guidance was based on a three-year view and that was a three year view of what we would call sort of a more normal rate and economic environment. I think as we sit today we're probably more comfortable about getting there in the three year window that we talked about, certainly from a rate perspective, and what we predicted as far as occurring, the economy seems to be at least steadier and slightly improving. And so I would say we continue to feel good about those projections and our expectations are still to get there in that three year window.
Saul Martinez: Okay. Thats helpful. I guess more of a specific follow-up. I think last quarter you talked about utilization rates on commercial lines being around 25%, 26%. Any change there? Are you seeing any of the optimism from companies starting to filter through in terms of borrowing the pipeline for credit and whatnot?
Richard Davis: Saul, while the talk and optimism and discussion is more positive, the utilization rates are flat, still a 25% as they have been for the past few quarters.
Saul Martinez: Okay. All right, thanks a lot.
Richard Davis: Thanks, Saul.
Operator: Your next question is from Kevin Barker with Piper Jaffray.
Richard Davis: Morning, Kevin.
Kevin Barker: Good morning. Congratulations on the new roles for both of you.
Richard Davis: Thanks.
Kevin Barker: I just wanted to follow up regarding some of your comments around the tax rates moving down to 5% to 6% effective tax rate. And obviously your reinvestment of some of those tax credits. Obviously it is very early in this discussion, we still have a ways to go before we figure it all out. Were there any specific line items around possibly low income housing tax credits or BOLI that you expect to go away? And at what level do you expect to have to reinvest those assets?
Richard Davis: Yes. So let me add, take a stab and I think your question was really around tax policy and tax credit sort of investments and then where we might see either changes in the nature or type of investment. So you know, we invest in really kind of four different areas. Affordable housing is a very significant part of it, new market or economic developments sort of tax credits is a second, a little bit of historical tax credit, but then also renewable energy. You know, when we end up talking to people that are kind of plugged into the tax credit kind of market, we don't see a lot of change coming with respect to affordable housing because of all the policy implications associated with that, or any economic development because when you think about what the administration is trying to do, they are trying to stimulate economic development. So we dont see a lot of change to that, probably where that change is going to occur will be with respect to renewable energy type of credits and you know to be quite frank the law had already incorporated a phase out of those over the next four or five years anyway. So we didnt really anticipate a lot of impact to us with respect to where we were going to invest and you know what the implications associated were going to be.
Kevin Barker: So when you say the 5% to 6% decline in the effective tax rate on a 10% decline in the actual rate with some reinvestment tax credit, depending on how that all plays out. If you were to see a 10% decline in effective tax rate would you believe that the decline in earnings would be close to 30% or 40% or do you expect - 30% to 40% of the 10% or something closer to 10% or 20% of the 10%?
Richard Davis: I mean, its in fact, I have implemented it isnt a decline in earnings, its actually an improvement in earnings because of the fact that we're paying less in tax expense as opposed to more. So in my example, our effective tax rate would go from 20%, 29%, down from there and that actually would be a positive from a probability standpoint.
Kevin Barker: Yes, what I mean is so with the tax credits, and what I am saying is if you had a 10% decline would it be a 5% to 6% improvement in earnings or would it be more of a 7% to 8% improvement in earnings?
Richard Davis: It would be - again, this is all the simple math, and et cetera, in terms of how I'm portraying it right now. But it would be a 5% improvement in our effective tax rate. So you'd have to kind of do the math from there, but its not a 5% improvement in earnings or anything like that. It's a 5% reduction in our effective tax rate.
Kevin Barker: Okay.
Richard Davis: Using the 10% example.
Kevin Barker: Okay. Thank you.
Richard Davis: Thanks, Kevin. Operator?
Operator: Your next question is from Vivek Juneja with JPMorgan.
Richard Davis: Hi, Vivek.
Vivek Juneja: Hi, Richard. Hi, Andy. Congratulations again. Let me add that. A couple of quick questions. Just one just for Terry, just want to confirm that when you said percentage drop in expenses in the first quarter that I heard it correct, that you are referring to 1% drop in expenses, Terry?
Terry Dolan: Yes, we would expect on a linked quarter basis, it would decline about the 1% range.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. Okay. Then the other line item that you said, I can't remember whether it was you, Andy. You said equity investment gains should run at the fourth-quarter level. What is the level of equity investment gains and also what is the amount of equity investments? And is that increasing because you have increased investments? Can you talk a little -- can you give us some color on this three items there?
Andy Cecere: Yes. You know, other income represents a whole variety of different things that includes trading income and includes end of term and retail product revenue. It includes equity investments. Its just a whole variety of different things and they kind of move in sometimes in different directions. So it's really hard to kind of narrow it down to  and specifically equity investments and I wouldnt want to kind of take you down that path or mislead with respect to that. I guess my point is that you know, when I end up looking at other income and the impact of equity investments within other income, I think its going to be fairly stable relative to fourth quarter, that what I would tell you.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. And have you - what is the dollar amount of investment that you will have made in equity investments and has that increased recently?
Andy Cecere: It hasnt increased and its not something we've kind of specifically disclosed in the past.
Vivek Juneja: Okay. One last quick one, AML. Are you - can you just give us an update on timing of when you expect to get out of that one?
Richard Davis: Yes. Vivek, this Richard. We don't have timing on that. We're an OCC bank. so they are really our binding constraint. We are making great progress, we are moving forward. This is a bifurcated view I think on any consent order, one as you get to where you need to be, then you need to prove you can stay there for a while. Then they need to audit to confirm the sustainability. So you know we're in between stages one and two right now, so it depends on how long that will take. Back to Erika's question I do think that as regulatory reform starts to maybe lighten a bit, I think those kinds of issues move more swiftly and we might hope that there will be a faster conclusion from beginning to end on anything, any bank has been called out to improve because I think part of the issue is we're just in these issues for a very long time and maybe unnecessarily extended periods when the performance has actually been accomplished. The remedy is been done and it sustained and it just needs to long to prove it. So I think we've talked about this year being that year to get all those steps done, if I had to make a guess we're probably late this year or early into next year, but that's on my own guess and we're not [indiscernible] we're not you know another bank that has this issue, we're a U.S. Bank and we're dealing with our own issues and we're moving swiftly with our the regulator to OCC to prove to them that we've got the message, we've got the sustainability, and we're ready to move forward. But it's not imminent, but let's hope that its not too much into the future either.
Vivek Juneja: Okay, thanks, Richard.
Richard Davis: Yes. Thanks, Vivek.
Operator: Your next question is from Peter Winter with Wedbush Securities.
Richard Davis: Hi, Peter.
Peter Winter: Morning. You guys have had nice growth in the other earning assets, the excess liquidity with all the deposit growth. Any thought with the move up in rates to reinvest in securities? Or is it you want to hold onto it just thinking that deposits will outflow given the outlook for better loan growth?
Richard Davis: Yes. Its really couple of different things. We do expect it to really kind of abate again then we'll see deposit outflows occurring, which is why, especially in the fourth quarter we tend to hold the cash balances, we see a run-up in deposits with respect to - for our corporate trust business and then that ends up getting deployed in terms of structures, et cetera. If the economy moves up - starts to improve and businesses start to make those business investments that we expect, you know, we do  and we would see some disintermediation [ph] deposits at that particular point in time because where they we would start to see outflow there.
Peter Winter: Got it. And just a quick - just another question, housekeeping. You mentioned with the recent increase in rates that the fee waivers on money market accounts will be minimal in '17. Just what was that impact in '16?
Andy Cecere: So two years ago I had at its peak - this is Andy. The money market waivers were just about $100 million and we received back so to speak about 75% or 80% of it in 2016. So that's why Terry says there is limited amount remaining in 2017.
Terry Dolan: Right. And the vast majority of that we'll probably see in the first quarter and [indiscernible]
Peter Winter: Yes. Got it, okay. Thanks.
Richard Davis: Thanks, Peter.
Operator: Your final question is from Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. Good morning, guys.
Richard Davis: Morning.
Terry Dolan: Morning.
Gerard Cassidy: A question for you, on your loan to deposit ratio, average loans to average deposits is about 82%, what is the optimal level that you guys like to keep that ratio at?
Terry Dolan: We dont strive for an optimal ratio Gerard. We  its a function of loan growth and demand and deposit growth and demand. So it's just an outcome, and if we have more than that some of it goes investment securities or cash, as referenced by Terry, if we have less than that we have plenty of funding opportunities of been a very highly rated banks. So we're not striving to a specific ratio, its just an outcome.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay, thank you. Richard, you mentioned earlier in the call that you're sensing that the banks are smarter in terms of the deposit pricing. How much of an influence do you think that the industry's low loan to deposit ratio may have on that if at all?
Richard Davis: I don't know the answer to that, Gerard, but I know that the temptation already is been present if it was there. So the first couple of movies a year ago and now a month ago I think that based on the hunger for banks to do well that probably would have been as heightened and as an opportunity as possible. So I'm just of the mind that that temptation is past and people are very thoughtful and smart as we move up, obviously as rates get further and deeper beyond 25 basis point things will start to pick up. But the arbitrage between deposit and loan rates will start to get lighter which is good for banks and that's why people are betting that banks will do better in part. And I think we've just gotten smart, people are more thoughtful their balance sheet makes more sense to them and there is other lever to pull, I just dont think thats going to be one of them, it could be wrong.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. And then just a final question. Again, Richard, you touched on some of the regulatory aspects of what's going on in the industry and of course it is not the top priority of the incoming administration, as you have identified. We hear a lot about relief fees for the banks under $250 billion in assets from a regulatory standpoint. The so-called global SIFIs are not going to see as much relief. Can you point where you guys are positioned, obviously above $250 billion but less than a global SIFI, what would be ideal relief for banks your size?
Richard Davis: You know that's a great question because dont hate me for this answer, but we don't think there be a lot of changes even if we were given really. We're a very large company and systemally important has a lot to do with whether you would break the world of you fell apart. In our case we're very important wherever we are and I think most of the practices that we have been performing, particularly stress testing and recognizing where the risks are, those are better practices and we're really good at it and we would keep a lot of those Gerard. So a lot of those would not go away, some of the relief would be in the consumer enforcement area. have long asked, I have pleaded with Rich Cordray to consider making the CFPB an endorsement agency, not an enforcement agency and I'm not being clever here. The idea that if they put out the basic tenets where the top-rated banks to be customer protective, plus pies customer supportive, financial literacy, do the right thing and they told us what those rules where, we would kill ourselves to be at that top-level. Everyday we do all we could to be positively vexed towards to getting better every day. And instead, there is undue sense that the enforcement side of the spirit comes from trying to catch up and do something wrong and not instead work to get better but try to find a mistake, many cases that were human error and in many cases that were even there when they were done. So that would be my favorite, that would be beneficial to all of us. We're 404 year - $450 million, we're not G-SIFI, but we're a SIFI and we're okay with that and we will come with it all the responsibilities would be that attend to being very, very thoughtful and your compliance above approaching your customer care and doing everything the right way as best you can and if you don't get it right as soon as you figure it out. So not a lot would change for us and you know we've actually not enjoying with some of the smaller regional banks and try to [indiscernible] because we just don't think it would change the way we run our bank.
Gerard Cassidy: Great, appreciate the color. Thank you.
Richard Davis: Yes. Hey, before we close, since I might get to the last question, I just had a couple thoughts on the bank and the environment. We do believe that the rate environment, steeper yield curve that it was 90 days ago likelihood of interest rates, we think those are those are bankable. We think banks deserve that long overdue and its going to get better. That's part of our modeling and we think that that's important. Economy being better is actually trumps all of that, a really good economy, reflection of what our customers feel and when that economy kicks and we hope it does that'll be more important than anything. But were disappointed as you might be to hear it, we are like canaries at mind, we can see balance sheets, we can see customer behavior, optimism is high, but actions are not present yet. So we're going to wait and see on that on. And then tax reform might at a big one that benefits us and our customers, as I said earlier, based on my understanding of the budget process its probably going to be a late year issue. So I think bank should bank, you should bank on banks doing well by the interest rate environment. I think you should expect the economy and taxes to be to the best benefits that will improve bigger than right. But I think those come later in the year and we're balancing the bank to manage through slight beneficial quarter and two and a much more beneficial probably quarter three or four. And this is my last call, 41 of them. So I just want to tell you guys how much I appreciate as a class of investors and analysts you had been fair and thoughtful and balanced and you treated this company very well and I appreciate that very much. We've also in kind been and transparent. We've been very complete and thorough in our forecasting and think we've been as candid as we know how to be because we trust the relationship that we have you as part based on transparency and clarity. So I want to thank you for that relationship. I want to encourage you to keep that relationship with us. Terry and Andy will be a remarkable team, and despite the fact that I want things to change for the betterment this company, I think you'll be appreciative that they'll be thoughtful and measured and very well telegraphed. So to end an sport note because thats how I try to think of my life, this is rather like a great relay race and we're on the backside of track and Andy and I are running together now because he's about to pick up the baton, he is got the perfect cadence, I've got the perfect speed. Our hands come together, the baton hands off and we're off to another race and that exactly how you see it. So with that operator or Jen I think you can close the call. Operator This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-19 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard Davis - Chairman, CEO Jen Thompson - SVP, IR Terry Dolan - Vice Chairman, CFO Andy Cecere - President, COO
Analysts: John Pancari - Evercore ISI John McDonald - Bernstein Brian Foran - Autonomous Research Jason Harbes - Wells Fargo Securities Erika Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mike Mayo - CLSA Limited Nancy Bush - NAB Research Ken Usdin - Jefferies Ricky Dodds - Deutsche Bank Kevin Barker - Piper Jaffray Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorp's Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Richard Davis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Terry Dolan, U.S. Bancorp's Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the conference call over to Jen Thompson of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Jen Thompson: Thank you, Melissa and good morning to everyone who has joined our call. Richard Davis, Terry Dolan Andy Cecere and Bill Parker are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorp's third quarter results and to answer your questions. Richard and Terry will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of the slide presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at USBank.com. I'd like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on page 2 of today's presentation and our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I'll now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard Davis: Thanks, Jen. Good morning, everybody and thanks for joining our call. I'd like to begin our review of U.S. Bank's results with a summary of the quarter's highlights on page 3 of the presentation. U.S. Bancorp reported net income of $1.5 billion for the third quarter of 2016 or a record $0.84 per diluted common share. I'm very pleased with the third quarter results. Industry-leading profitability was supported by solid loan and deposit growth and broad-based core revenue growth. As a reminder, our prior quarter results included notable items including a Visa gain of $180 million in noninterest income and $150 million related to litigation accruals and a charitable contribution in noninterest expense. There were no notable items to report in the third quarter. So for the remainder of this call, we will discuss the results on a core basis excluding the notable second quarter items I just described, as this is how we believe the investment community looks at our results. Slide 4 provides you with a five-quarter history of our profitability metrics which continue to be among the best in the industry. In the third quarter, our return on average common equity was 13.5% and our efficiency ratio was 54.5%. Turning to slide 5, the Company reported total net revenue of $5.4 billion in the third quarter. Excluding notable items in the second quarter of 2016, this represents an increase of 2.3% on a linked quarter basis. Our revenue growth was primarily driven by loan growth of 1.1% and strength in a number of our fee-based businesses, including mortgage banking and Payment Services. The industry continues to face headwinds from the low rate environment and a flatter yield curve. This quarter, our net interest margin was also impacted by higher levels of cash balances due to the strong deposit inflows. However, despite our lower net interest margin, which declined by 4 basis points to 2.98%, in line with expectations, we reported net interest income growth both sequentially and on a year-over-year basis. Credit quality was stable in the third quarter as expected. Both nonperforming assets and net charge-offs decreased modestly compared with the prior linked quarter. Before turning to Terry, I'll provide you with an outlook for the fourth quarter. Currently, we expect average loans to continue to grow in the range of 1% to 1.5% sequentially. While mortgage loan growth is expected to slow in line with industrywide tapering of refinancing activity and due to seasonality, we look for a rebound in commercial loan growth in the fourth quarter and expect strength in consumer loans to continue. Given the current shape of the yield curve, we expect that the net interest margin will decline a couple of basis points. However, we expect net interest income will increase on a linked quarter basis, principally driven by growth in earning assets. We look for somewhat lower mortgage revenue in the fourth quarter, in line with an expectation of lower refinancing activity. We expect expenses to grow 2.5% on a linked quarter basis, primarily driven by seasonally higher expenses including tax credit amortization costs related to our community development business. And finally, given the underlying mix and quality of the overall portfolio, we expect credit quality to remain relatively stable and we expect the provision to increase in line with loan growth. Terry will now provide you with more details about our third quarter results.
Terry Dolan: Thanks, Richard. I'll start on slide 6 which highlights our loan and deposit growth. Average total loans outstanding grew 1.1% on a linked quarter basis and increased 7.6% compared with the third quarter of 2015. Excluding the retail card portfolio acquisitions completed in the second half of last year and student loans that were reclassified to held-for-investment in the third quarter of 2015, loans grew by 6.4% compared to the prior year. In the third quarter, the year-over-year increase in average loans outstanding was led by strong growth in average total commercial loans of 9.0% and strong growth in average total residential mortgage loans of 8.6%.  Consumer loan growth was broad-based, led by credit card loans and other retail loans. Specifically, credit card loans grew 5.9%, excluding the retail card acquisition; and other retail loans grew 5.2%, excluding the student loans. Home equity loans grew 2.4% on a year-over-year basis, with growth primarily sourced from our branch network. On a linked quarter basis, our average loan growth was 1.1%, in line with our expectations. Credit card loans grew 2.4%; residential mortgage loans grew 1.4%; home equity loans were up 0.5%; and other retail loans were up 2.7%. Total average deposits increased by more than $28 billion or 10% compared with the third quarter of 2015 and were up 3.6% on a linked quarter basis. On a year-over-year basis, the trend reflected strong growth of 11.9% in our low-cost deposits, which includes our non-interest-bearing deposits and our interest-bearing savings deposits. This strong core deposit growth more than offset the runoff in higher-cost time deposits. Turning to slide 7, credit quality remained relatively stable in the third quarter. Third quarter net charge-offs increased by $23 million or 7.9% compared with the prior year, but decreased by $2 million compared with the second quarter of 2016. Net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans were 46 basis points in the third quarter, unchanged from the prior year and down from the 48 basis points reported in the linked quarter. Compared with a year ago, nonperforming assets increased $97 million or 6.2%, mostly due to downgrades that occurred in the prior quarters related to energy credit. Linked quarter, nonperforming assets decreased by $8 million or less than 1%, primarily driven mainly from improvements in residential mortgages and other real estate. We continued to add to the allowance for loan losses in the third quarter, in line with loan growth. Slide 8 provides highlights of third quarter results versus comparable periods. Third quarter net income increased by $13 million or 0.9% on a year-over-year basis, net revenue growth was partially offset by higher noninterest expense. As Richard mentioned, results in the prior quarter were impacted by notable items, including a $180 million Visa gain in noninterest income and $150 million in noninterest expenses related to litigation accruals and a charitable contribution. Excluding notable items from the second quarter, net income increased by $2 million or 0.1%, reflecting total net revenue growth of 2.3%, offset by noninterest expense growth of 3.1%. Our efficiency ratio of 54.5% was in line with our guidance of 54% to 54.9%. Turning to slide 9, net interest income on a taxable-equivalent basis increased by $122 million or 4.3% compared with the prior year. Strong average earning asset growth was offset somewhat by the impact of a 6 basis point decline in the net interest margin to 2.98%. The year-over-year decline in the net interest margin primarily reflected increased funding cost, higher average cash balances, and lower rates on securities purchases partially offset by higher rates on new loans. Compared with the second quarter of 2016, taxable-equivalent net interest income increased by $47 million or 1.6%. Growth in average total loans was offset by a 4 basis point decrease in the net interest margin. The linked quarter decline in the margin primarily reflects the impact of higher cash balances which represented 3 out of the 4 basis point decline, as well as lower average rates on securities purchased, offset somewhat by the benefit of higher LIBOR rates on loans during the quarter. Slide 10 highlights trends in noninterest income which increased $119 million or 5.1% year-over-year. The increase was primarily due to growth in mortgage banking revenue, trust and investment management fees, credit and debit card revenue and merchant processing revenue. Mortgage banking revenue increased $90 million or 40.2%, supported by core growth and strong industrywide refinancing activity which drove originations and sales volume. Trust and investment management fees increased $33 million or 10%, reflecting lower money market fee waivers, growth in assets under management and improved equity markets. A $30 million or 11.2% increase in credit and debit card revenue was driven by higher transaction volumes, including the acquired portfolios. Merchant processing revenue increased $12 million or 3%. Excluding the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates, merchant processing revenue increased 5.3% from the prior year. On a linked quarter basis, noninterest income increased $73 million or 3.1%. The increase was principally due to stronger mortgage banking revenue and growth in payment services revenue. Mortgage banking revenue increased $76 million or 31.9% which slightly exceeded our previous guidance range of 20% to 30%. Growth in mortgage banking revenue was driven by higher production volumes, reflecting stronger refinancing activity. Mortgage banking revenue was also supported by a favorable change in the valuation of mortgage servicing rights net of hedging activities. Corporate payment products revenue increased by $9 million or 5.0%. And as a reminder, corporate payment products revenue is seasonally stronger in the third quarter of each year. Merchant processing revenue increased $9 million or 2.2% due to seasonally higher transaction volumes. Excluding the impact of foreign currency changes, merchant processing revenue would have increased by 3.5% sequentially. Commercial product revenue decreased by $19 million or 8.0%, primarily due to higher capital markets volume in the second quarter which in turn reflected market volatility during that quarter. Turning to slide 11, noninterest expense increased $156 million or 5.6% on a year-over-year basis. Compensation expense grew versus the prior year, primarily due to hiring decisions to support business growth and compliance programs, as well as the impact of merit increases and variable compensation tied to production. Professional services increased $12 million or 10.4%, also reflecting costs associated with compliance programs. Technology and communication expense increased $21 million or 9.5%, including the impact of capital investments and costs related to the acquired credit card portfolios. We continue our investment in our brand which is reflected in slightly higher marketing costs from a year ago. On a linked quarter basis, noninterest expense increased $89 million or 3.1%. Compensation expense increased $52 million or 4.1%, due to the impact of one additional day in the quarter and increased staffing. The $23 million increase or 5.1%, in other noninterest expense primarily reflected seasonally higher costs related to investments in tax-advantaged projects and the impact of the FDIC surcharge which began in the third quarter of 2016. Marketing and business development costs decreased $7 million or 6.4% due to the timing of various marketing programs. As Richard mentioned, we expect expenses to grow in the fourth quarter, however at a slower pace than the 3.1% growth that we recorded in the third quarter. Our current expectation is for linked quarter expenses to grow by 2.5% in the fourth quarter. This is primarily due to seasonal expenses, including tax credit amortization costs which we expect will increase on a linked quarter basis approximately $60 million during the fourth quarter. As a reminder, we realize the benefit of these tax credits in our tax rate. The linked quarter decline in preferred dividends was reflective of our fourth quarter 2015 preferred stock issuance which has a semiannual dividend payment. As a result of that issuance, we will have higher quarterly dividends in quarters 2 and 4 of every year, compared with quarters 1 and 3. Turning to slide 12, our capital position remains strong; and in the third quarter we returned 79% of our earnings to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. We expect to remain in our targeted payout ratio of 60% to 80% going forward. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio, estimated using the Basel III Standardized Approach as if fully implemented at September 30, was 9.3% which is well above the 7% Basel III minimum requirement. Our tangible book value per share rose to $18.85 at September 30, representing a 9.6% increase over the same quarter of last year and a 2.1% increase over the prior quarter. I will now turn it back to Richard.
Richard Davis: Thanks, Terry. I'm very proud of our record third quarter results. We maintained our industry-leading performance measures and we reported an 18.1% return on tangible common equity in the quarter. Our industry continues to face challenges from the low interest rate environment. However, we remain confident that we can continue to grow revenue even as we prudently manage expenses and strategically invest in our businesses to create value for both our customers and for our shareholders. That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Terry, Bill and I would be happy to answer any of your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question is from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Ricky Dodds: This is Ricky Dodds from Matt's team. I've got a quick question on C&I loan growth. It's a little weaker than we expected and I was wondering if you could provide us any color on what's driving the slowdown at USB?
Richard Davis: Yes. I'll go first, Ricky and I'll turn it over to Andy. As weve said, I think, at our Investor Day five weeks ago, we think quarter 3 represents a pause in C&I lending, meaning that it was strong in quarter 2 and we expect it to recover in quarter 4, in part based on what we believe is the vagaries of quarter 3 where we had some of the Brexit activities moved things up into quarter 2 and perhaps some of the uncertainty around election and other things moving things into quarter 4, but we see that returning nonetheless. You'll see that we had a particularly across-the-board performance in most of the corporate space as the slowdown reflected things like higher paydowns, reduction in deal activity. And a healthy capital market condition allowed some borrowers to use the debt markets, although we also captured some of that in our capital markets activity. The rest of the lending, though, on the consumer side, remained strong and in fact got stronger as the year progresses, and we continue to see that progressing into quarter 4 as well. But for a little color around commercial and CRE, maybe we'll have Andy give you that.
Andy Cecere: So another factor was a little lower utilization rate. We were down maybe 75 basis points from 26 to 25.25 this quarter, and this is reflective of some of the things Richard talked about. Again I think the very strong debt capital markets issuance that we saw in the second quarter and early in the third quarter impacted Bank outstandings, as we talked about. And finally M&A activity which was a driver of strong growth in prior quarters, took a little bit of a pause here in the third quarter, either delayed or deferred to future quarters. So those factors all come into play and that's why we think it was more of a pause and that will come back a little bit as we [indiscernible].
Richard Davis: I just might add, it's already October, what is it, 19th? And so we're deep into the fourth quarter, and we have a pretty good idea how the annuities look, so we can see growth certainly over quarter 3. It's how strong it gets in the next couple of weeks; we'll be able to reflect at the next conference.
Operator: Your next question is from John McDonald with Bernstein.
John McDonald: I wanted to ask about expenses and efficiency, Richard. Where are you on the ongoing effort to kind of improve productivity and expenses but also keep investing? Is it a goal to try to self-fund your expenses and investments with savings elsewhere? Or is it more about an efficiency ratio mindset?
Richard Davis: Yes, so you know, John, we don't measure efficiency ratio. It becomes the result of the fraction of revenues-to-expenses. So the best way to keep it low is to do more revenue which is our number-one goal. Expense-wise, I think we've telegraphed to you all that we appreciate that the higher cost of compliance and actually some of the capital expenditures we've been making in innovation technology continued to bear down on expenses. So I will continue to let expenses grow only to the level that revenue is allowing it under the circumstances that we set forth at the Investor Day which is that we think there will be a couple of nominal rate increases in 2017. With those rate increases, we made a commitment to you all, based on what we can see today to provide slightly positive operating leverage in this environment. We also said, however, if those rates don't materialize, it will be much harder for us to do that. To give you a sense of it, without the rates, a couple of rate increases in the next year, that for us is hundreds of millions of dollars in expenses that we would need to reduce further and I think would probably cut into some of the muscle of the Company's long-term objectives for growth and innovation. So we're not going to make that commitment at this stage, but we'll watch every nickel and dime. I always find a need to pause and remind you guys, to be in the 54%s isn't, like, easy. We don't sit there and we watch every nickel and dime and we have efficiency programs all over the Company. One of the ways we've kept it low is that we continue to get better every day. We take innovation and we let technology make it more efficient for our Company and for our people and therefore better service, but it's not easy. So we do have expense programs all the time, every day and forever. Some of the companies I know that announced efficiency programs, they put names around them, they give you dollar amounts; we don't do that because it's not our style. We also don't need to. But we do watch it every single day. So we will let revenue be the dictate in most cases to how well that efficiency ratio performs. Our goal is to have it continue to be in the mid-50%s and for a while. At that point, we'll measure against a future that I think won't be starved for investment. At the same token, the minute things get better and we have every opportunity to save a dollar, we will do that very thing and give you a better return.
John McDonald: Just on the topic of rates, I was hoping to ask Terry if he could flesh out a little bit of the outlook on the NIM that you gave for next quarter. What are some of the puts and takes, the good guys and bad guys affecting the NIM outlook for next quarter? And if you could include there, what's your guess as to the effect that one Fed rate hike would have on your NIM in the quarter afterwards? Thanks.
Andy Cecere: Sure. Incorporated into our guidance, we're assuming that the rate hike does occur in the December time frame; and that in and of itself would have a positive impact with respect to margin, probably maybe by a basis point or so. But one of the things that we anticipate, John, is that the cash balances that we saw an increase in, in the third quarter, we think are tied to money market reform. And that is going to have an impact in terms of net interest margin at least probably through the fourth quarter. We anticipate that it's going to be transitory and that those cash balances will start to dissipate as people get more comfortable with money market reform, but when we guide that the net interest margin is going to be down a couple of basis points, the cash balances are going to have an impact on that.
John McDonald: And Terry, just to clarify, the one basis point NIM help, is that for the quarter that -- if it happened in December you would get that help this quarter? And would there be a carrythrough to the next quarter that's a little bigger than that?
Terry Dolan: Yes.
Richard Davis: Yes and yes.
Operator: Your next question is from John Pancari with Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: Back to the loan growth topic, thanks for the color that you've given in terms of near term trends; and I hear you in terms of some of the inconsistencies around borrower demand amid the uncertainty right now. How does that play into your expectation for how you're looking at 2017? I know you don't yet have guidance and there for loan growth. But I want to get an idea if you continue to expect improvement coming out of fourth quarter through 2017 and generally expect a higher level of loan growth. Thanks.
Richard Davis: The answer is yes. We've been in that range of 1% to 1.5% for a long, long time. Every quarter is different and yet we've found a way to pretty much stay there and I think you can count on that to be a forerunner for the future. When revenue is -- or when growth is strong in retail, it might be stressed in commercial; but this is a really well bifurcated model we have here. We like C&I, we like CRE, we like all consumer categories; but we see actually a little slightly stronger 2017 than 2016 based on nothing more than the fact that the world gets better a little bit, slowly but surely and because we're taking market share. I haven't talked about market share in a number of quarters, because I know it's a hollow category when all banks are doing well and everybody talks about it, but you know, we really are -- $28 billion in deposits in one year, the kind of loan growth we've had consistently, 10% commercial loan growth year-over-year, we're taking market share. And part of that, John, is also a proxy for next year, because we believe that market share momentum not only continues but it gets stronger.  When anybody in our environment -- think of the foreign banks or think of other banks that go through any period of stress -- we get the benefit of that. And as long as we continue to be -- if we're not their first customer, we're their first choice after that particular bank they're with, that's going to be a really good way for us to grow the business. So next year it's across-the-board. We expect to be strong in virtually every category. Look at our home equity. We continue to grow home equity and it's not with smoke and mirrors. We do it the old-fashioned way with really good products and really good branch-based products coming out of the branch employees. That's something that is really quite a difference from most of the companies that we compete with. So we can do it across-the-board and we like all the categories. So I think quarter 4 will continue to be in that range. I think next year will be in that range and maybe slightly positive bias to that.
John Pancari: Then separately, I guess this would be a question for you as well, would be around the regulatory side. Since we've been talking about the regulatory expenses that you've been putting in the work, can you give us a related update on the BSA/AML progress and if there's any way to help us with expectations of when that could be resolved? Thanks.
Richard Davis: Yes, sure, John. We're deep in the middle of it, so I not only don't have a projection of when we'll leave, if I had it I wouldn't tell you because of the regulators. I haven't made any agreements. So that will take a while; it will definitely be well into next year that we'll get a line of sight on when we can look for an exit of that. In the meantime, it's taken us to a compliance cost level that I had hoped to recover when we got out of the mortgage consent order which we're now long out of. But as it turns out, when the AML Consent Order came in, it's virtually replaced those same costs. So with our growth expectation of reducing expenses, we're unable to do that at this point. But it's also finding its way now into the run rate of the Company. It's also made us a better bank. I don't like Consent Orders and we only have the one and it's frustrating to me. But the fact of the matter is it's a proxy for the expectations of zero tolerance for errors and we've aligned that proxy with everything we do. It takes a little bit of time to adjust to it. It takes a little bit more money to get your first, second and third lines to do amazing levels of oversight and quality assurance. But once and when you've done that and you've put it into your run rate, both in costs and the way you do business, we'll be a better bank for it. So I would like you to think that the AML project has extended itself through the whole Company to improve our compliance capability and therefore fend off any other future areas of shortcomings. And I would say next year we'll be able to give you a better line of sight; but at this stage, we're deep in the middle of it, doing our very best job to satisfy the regulators and to overperform even to our own expectations. And at this point, I'd be hesitant to give you any kind of an exit timetable.
Operator: Your next question is from Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: I had a question on the fee side of things. Terry, you mentioned that mortgage would be down in the fourth; and you talked about into the quarter how it would have a nice leap. I'm just wondering. It looked like the gain on sale margin was quite high. I'm calculating 150. Can you walk us through the mix of refi versus purchase and what you're expecting in general for mortgage to do in the fourth quarter?
Andy Cecere: Sure. If you end up looking at the third quarter versus, for example, the second quarter, just to address your question related to the mix of refinancings, in the second quarter the mix was about 65% to 70% on the purchase side; and the rest of it was refinance, so let's say 35%. It was closer to 45% during the third quarter and we would expect that that refinancing mix will probably decline closer to 40% in the fourth quarter. So it is coming down based upon what we're seeing. You are right that when you end up looking at the mix of where a lot of that refinancing is coming from, it's coming from high-quality product, again primarily sourced -- probably a higher mix through our retail banking system. So when you end up looking at the gain on sale in that margin, we're seeing in the third quarter a better margin than what we had experienced in the past. So the growth that we saw in the third quarter is a mix of higher production as well as higher margin. So you're right on.
Ken Usdin: Can you help us triangulate that to what kind of delta? You helped us understand the 20% to 30% up in the third; does that roll back off in the fourth or is it somewhere in the middle?
Andy Cecere: Yes, I would say that it's probably somewhere in the middle, again, simply because of where the production is going to come from. When you have higher levels of production you're able to get better margins and pricing with respect to the product and therefore better margins as a result. But when we end up looking at the fourth quarter, we do expect the margin on production to be starting to taper a little bit, as well as production levels.
Ken Usdin: A second follow-up, just, Richard, you've made the point about the kind of set-your-clock-to-it seasonality. I was just wondering on the rest of fees generally, do you see just the same type of growth patterns happening as far as the ones that grow and the ones that typically don't? And just your general sense of the ex-mortgage, just fee businesses, any improvements underneath the surface there?
Richard Davis: Yes, I'll let Andy answer that, but I want to tell you, Ken, we're a seasonally strong fourth/third quarter Company on revenue, also higher expenses in third and fourth quarter because of the CDC. But that's one of the reasons this can look like a consistent predictable outcome, but it's slightly different each time. Quarter 4 we like a lot for fees and I'll have Andy give you some color around that.
Andy Cecere: Right. The quarter 3 is the strongest quarter for corporate payments and then it tapers off a little bit. If you look at merchant and credit card issuing, I would expect a continued level of growth that you saw this quarter, the same-store sales in that 2%-plus, total revenue in that 3% to 5% like you saw this quarter. So I would see that same expectation, other than corporate payments which does tend to go down in the fourth quarter because third quarter is the strongest given the government activity. Trust fees will be a bit of a function of what the market is doing. We had a strong quarter this quarter with both strong market activity as well as good core growth. I would expect that to continue. And then Terry made reference to money market reform. We did see quite a shift in our balances also. Our primary funds went down in the neighborhood of $6 billion given money market reform; but our government bonds went up almost $9 billion. So how that settles out will also be impacted with fees here in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question is from Erika Najarian with Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: Just a follow-up question on John's line of questioning, if I look at the 6% year-over-year increase in expenses in both 2Q and 3Q, Richard, could you help us break it down in terms of how much of that could be attributed to higher compliance costs and risk management costs and how much of that could be attributed to costs to invest for innovation?
Richard Davis: Yes. The breakdown is it's both. Let's start with just year-over-year running the Company this size. Your merit increases alone, say they are 3%, 3%-plus and our total expenses are half compensation. That's 1.5% right there. Number two, I want to make it clear we're spending a lot more in our CapEx in innovation and technology. Gosh, five years ago this Company was at a $400 million, $500 million max annual investment in CapEx; this year, it's going to be between $800 million and $1 billion and our run rate is probably going to be more like $750 million to $800 million. That's good because it's appropriately -- because we're now more of a technology Company than we used to be. And given our payments leadership, we should be making those kinds of investments which of course will yield value down the line. So that's another piece of it. What's left then is the compensation costs and the overall just running the Company better and spending money on things that we didn't used to spend money on. Like quality assurance which isn't related to the compliance, that's just doing the job better. And making sure our people are paid fairly. The compensation is entire; it's employee benefits and it's the way we treat the employees and making sure that the culture itself is strong across all categories. And sometimes we have to spend money to make sure that the brand is protected, that the employees feel safe, that the work environment is good. And we're investing in all of those things, too. So compliance is a piece of it, Erika. That 6% is a number I don't want to see over the long course of time. I'd like it to come down to over a course of time more like a 3% to 5%, because I do think you have to spend money on investments. But that's a little bit high and compliance is probably the delta on that, that 1% to 2% delta that I want to bring down over time in these most current periods. So it's probably a third of it, but it's also a part that won't sustain over the course of a long period of time because once we get it right we'll get the benefits of that. 
Erika Najarian: And just a follow-up question, in terms of Governor Tarullo's speech, it sounds like given that your binding constraint will be the capital conservation buffer. That shouldn't make any difference in terms of how you think about capital planning at your size or the need to scale up to your asset base in order to deal with a higher capital requirement. Am I thinking about that correctly?
Terry Dolan: Yes, so let me take a stab at it and then Andy can add to it. When you end up looking at Tarullo's comments and then the impact to U.S. Bank, we don't really see that it's going to have a significant impact to either our capital distribution plan or the requirements that we have with respect to the minimum requirement. That is because of the fact when you end up looking at the capital depletion that occurs during the stress-testing process that capital depletion for U.S. Bank, given our risk profile, is lower than the 2.5% buffer that is already incorporated into it. So we think that our minimum requirement from a regulatory perspective is going to continue to be at that 7%. We don't see that technology changing a lot. Impact to peers? Probably the smaller peers, simply because of the fact that they don't have to deal with some of the qualitative aspects I think will be net positive to them. But we don't see a big change to it. So Andy?
Andy Cecere: And because of that, Terry, our current binding constraint is the standardized ratio under the base case and it will continue to be up.
Operator: Your next question is from Marty Mosby with Vining Sparks.
Marty Mosby: You talked a little bit about the shift that was coming in because of the money market change. But deposit growth just continues to outpace loan growth. 10% over the last year for you all is just incredible at this part of the cycle. So why is this? The deposits keep flooding back into the bank balance sheets. Where is the primary source of all that coming from, because it's across-the-board for most banks?
Andy Cecere: Marty, I think one of the principal reasons and both Terry and myself referenced it -- is money market reform. We saw ourselves about a $6 billion decline, some of it going to governments. But the industry saw about $0.5 trillion move out of prime obligation or prime funds. Some of that's moved into bank balance sheets and I think some of that will move back once the investment policies and so forth are adjusted to allow for floating NAV. But that is one of the key factors. I think the other factor is some of the movement between and among banks. Again, given ratings and some of the stresses that are occurring, we're getting a lot of deposits that are flowing to us from some of the non-U.S. banks and that has also been helpful.
Marty Mosby: The other thing, when you look at the mortgage servicing, this was an interesting quarter for mortgage because you had the production go up with refis, but you also had rates trickle up at the back end of the quarter. So your valuation on servicing was actually positive as well. That happens occasionally but not typical. When you look at the about $25 million that you had positive in valuation, but you also had prepayments that were coming through, so your actual cash flow increased the other adjustments of servicing value, how do you look at the net of those two things going forward in the impact to the mortgage banking fees in fourth quarter and then into next year?
Andy Cecere: Yes, Marty, I think when we end up, at least with respect to fourth quarter -- because it's a little hard to look beyond that -- but when we end up looking at looking at the fourth quarter relative to the MSR hedge, we would expect that to taper a little bit as well. That would be another reason why we would expect the mortgage banking revenue to decline somewhat during the quarter.
Marty Mosby: But the other changes would also taper down, so that big negative you had there would be less negative as you moved into the next quarter as well.
Andy Cecere: That's fair.
Operator: Your next question is from Mike Mayo with CLSA.
Mike Mayo: First, a follow-up from Investor Day, I wasn't sure about your appetite for bank acquisitions after that day. In other words, once you get the regulatory side resolved, are you willing to look a little bit more or not?
Richard Davis: Yes, sure. You can go back to, gosh, any of the 40 earnings calls I've had where we would remind you that we will more gladly double down in the 25 retail markets in states that we're in than to go into a new market where we would have lower pricing power and lower brand value. So think the Chicago deal a couple years ago, where we doubled down in Chicago. Think the New Mexico transaction; we moved in as number-three bank overnight. Those kind of opportunities will continue to be attractive to us. The idea of moving into a new market that we don't currently have a position in would have to be remarkably attractive and it would have to be at a pretty high market position to get our attention. So the good news is, despite the fact that we haven't got the ability to do that right now, there's nothing out there that we wish we could have had and the timing is working out pretty well. But when that opportunity is back, you can well count on us looking in-market for sizable deals that are worth disrupting the momentum of the Company -- but in markets where we're already present.
Mike Mayo: Then a separate question. Your last comment at Investor Day, maybe I can call it the Richard Davis soliloquy.
Richard Davis: Well, I don't know. Now what? Me and the 10-year bond? What is it now?
Mike Mayo: Well, you go, look, banking has this remarkably noble opportunity to change the world; there's no other business I can think of. We don't feed people or fly people or give them medication; we get behind their possibilities. And it goes on a little bit more. And just the disconnect between that statement talking about the noble opportunity of banking and the tarnish the banking industry has now, due to some issues around cross-selling and--
Richard Davis: Sure.
Mike Mayo: I'm just looking for some additional perspective from you. What are you doing to ensure this doesn't happen at U.S. Bancorp? And, more generally, when you do make a mistake and you say there's a guarantee, what do you do to fulfill that guarantee?
Richard Davis: I just want to start out by saying, we've looked at this whole topic as industry and individual bank. Many years ago at a financial services roundtable, we made an effort to consider a nationwide brand reputation and rebuilding after the downturn and discovered very quickly that the American population wasn't ready for that. The bank industry sadly doesn't speak yet as one voice and even to date still doesn't. But we did agree that each of us could do a much better job of satisfying our own customers and building our own brand and eventually the totality of that would be the way to rebuild. I think, sadly, we're not where we'd like to be, but that's the way to do it. So each bank needs to stand very strongly on its own and do what's right by its customers. And if one bank falls away from that, then it's just one bank; it's not an industry. So we'll figure out a way to tell that story better. In our Company, it's where you start that matters the most in terms of sales culture. And it's not even sales culture, it's culture. Just underline the word culture. Sales practice is part of that; the way you incentivize people is part of that; the way you handle your customers. So answering your last question first, the guarantee is to always stand behind what you promise, overperform if you've made a mistake, atone and apologize, fix what's wrong and then figure out how that applies to the next possible action that could otherwise become a problem later. I've long talked about bankers going from baggage handlers to pilots in the same company. In fact, as of this morning baggage handlers now have to be more like pilots, if you follow the news out of the White House. But we believe that same thing is the case. I think as an industry we have to be much better at handling every individual transaction uniquely and honestly and genuinely. And when we make mistakes, get it right, fix it and apply it to the next things. You know me, Mike. I've been with you as long as anybody on this call and we've never even use the word cross-sell. I don't even know what the cross-sell is at this Bank. Honest to God, I've never, ever looked at that number. I would guess it's between two and four because nobody wants -- any part of their lifecycle needs more than probably two or four services at one time from a bank. But we don't measure that. We don't set quotas. What we instead do is ask our employees to make sure people know what we have so that as their lifecycle change needs and if we're their trusted partner they'll ask us for it. What that means is people buy our products; we don't sell them. As long as we have something they want and it's for services rendered and fees benefited, we'll be happy to provide that. I want to make sure it's clear, though, for this industry, selling is not bad. It's not bad anywhere, as long as you're selling to people's needs and you're making it clear what advantages you have to provide them at the time that they want them. So, yes, it's tough on the industry. But it still always go back to people love their banker, they like their bank, because they made those choices. They don't so much like the industry. We're sadly years away from getting that right. But if every bank and every banker does a better job, despite what happens on occasion in one location or another, we've got a fighting chance to bring this thing back. And I'll close the soliloquy with the fact that this has all been accomplished under a very negative economic environment. One of the reasons banks were possible 10 years ago, notwithstanding the downturn, was when times are good banks are doing more positive things. People are healthier. The economy is moving more quickly. People want us and need us and we can say yes more often. When the world gets a little bit better, we can just say yes more often; we're more popular and we're more effective. When times are tough, actually we move on to defense and we're there to protect people from things that could get them in harm's way. That's a less attractive position. People don't like to watch defensive games either, because it's low-scoring. At the end of the day, at the very end, it really does matter. So I do think it's a noble occupation. I'm very proud of what we do and very proud of the people that do it across this country. It's one of the most important things that we have in America and it's what makes us unique. And by the way, it's the only place where you can get leverage. $1 of deposits at a good bank is worth $7 in loans and that is an amazing way to grow an economy.  So I'm going to still be in the camp of it will get there one day, but one bank at a time. We can control it on that basis and we're doing our best here to do that.
Operator: Your next question is from Kevin Barker with Piper Jaffray.
Kevin Barker: I just wanted to follow-up on some of the comments you made about mortgage banking. In particular, you're mentioning the increase in refi activity. I would assume that the refi activity would tend to be more retail originations versus correspondent. So you probably had a positive mix shift this quarter. Was that a dramatic impact on the number and the gain on sale margin? And going forward, do you expect that mix shift to change as well?
Andy Cecere: It was a little bit more retail. And just generally speaking, the gain on sale margins on refinancings are higher than purchases, so that was also a factor. As Terry mentioned, we would expect the refinancing component to go down in the fourth quarter as well as the overall volume. If you look at just the last few years, historically in a normal environment fourth quarter activity is down 10% to 15% because it's just fourth quarter; and new purchases particularly are down. So I would expect that same trend. And we will update you at further conferences during the quarter to give you an update what we're seeing, because it's also very dependent upon rates, particularly at that level of the yield curve which is quite an impact to activity for the fourth quarter.
Kevin Barker: We're also seeing in the servicing market the market for MSRs softening and so the yields on those assets are going up. Are you seeing an opportunity to get better margins in the correspondent market and that support your overall gain on sale margin? And are you potentially participating in the purchase of MSRs?
Andy Cecere: We're not going to participate in the purchase of MSRs. We're in the correspondent market. It depends on the geography and the type of loan. I would say some of it is very competitive in terms of pricing and some of it a little less competitive. So it depends on the mix.
Operator: Your next question is from Brian Foran with Autonomous.
Brian Foran: Maybe on the auto business, I realize it's not a huge part of your loan book; between the loans and leases maybe 9% or so of the book. But it's been a source of growth. You outlined a couple years ago some ambitions for market share improvement which you seem to have achieved. I wonder if you could just talk about further appetite for growth both in loans and leases. And then in terms of the credit quality, you had the comment in the release about lower residual gains. The appendix does show delinquencies rising, albeit from pristine levels. Is the performance you're seeing in line with what you had penciled out when you wanted to grow this book? Or is there a deterioration happening? Or how should we think about that?
Andy Cecere: Brian, this is Andy, I'll answer those questions. First of all, the volume continues to be strong. It's a function of our dealer partnerships and the technology investments that we've made in the business. It's a good mix of lease as well as purchase. I would expect us to continue to have partnerships expand and continue to see strong growth. I'd also mention that we do not do any subprime activity in this business and we in fact have very conservative credit standards both in terms of term as well as the credit quality underneath it. So it is a high-quality portfolio and I'm very comfortable with the credit. One phenomenon that is occurring in the marketplace is residual values are coming down a bit. That's a function of dealer incentives going up which makes the comparison of new versus used favor the new. That means that the gain on sale is still positive, but might have been somewhere in the $1000 range, it's closer to $600 or $700. You'll see that phenomenon occur through our fee income category. Again I want to highlight it's still positive; it's just less positive.
Brian Foran: Maybe one follow-up, and just to get the spirit of the question right, it's not to pin down basis points and the efficiency ratio, but just to make sure it's the right base. For 2016, it sounds like efficiency will be a little higher; the ratio will be a little higher in 4Q. And then I'm assuming we're using the adjusted 2Q number. So as we think about slightly positive operating leverage with a couple rate hikes or maybe flat without, is the base 55%? Basically 55%?
Richard Davis: Okay, so you are trying to get the basis points. Look, this year it's going to look back, it's going to be in the mid-54%s. If we can deliver positive operating leverage -- and I said slightly -- then it stays in the mid-54%s. If we're unable to do that, it floats into 55%. Doesn't go above the mid-50%s and it doesn't go down to 51%. Until the world starts to give us a more robust both interest rate trajectory, mostly a steeper yield curve and/or just a stronger economy -- pick any of the three and pick all of the three -- things start to take off. So I'm going to say it as just much -- and expense is much of what you see this year, it's much of what you'll see next year. It's not going to move a lot one way or the other for better or for worse. But I will tell you it's the revenue that we're going to try to hope we can pull down even further into in 2017 and keep growing this thing like we do every year. We had record EPS this year. It's not just because we had a decent buyback but because we have good underlying loan quality and good underwriting and really decent revenue. So we're going to keep delivering that, Brian. And I would just expect it to be fairly consistent with what you see this year.
Operator: Your next question is from Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo.
Jason Harbes: It's actually Jason Harbes on Matt's team. Most of my questions have been asked and answered, but maybe I'll just ask a question on the card business. You've seen really nice momentum there this year. It looks like a lot of that is on the back of a Fidelity portfolio acquisition late last year. One thing that caught my eye was the net charge-off ratio was unusually low both sequentially and year-over-year. Is that primarily a function of the higher quality of that Fidelity book? Because I'm looking at the reported level compared to your normalized through-the-cycle target of 4.65% and it's quite a bit below. So just any comments around how your credit card business is going would be much appreciated.
Andy Cecere: This is Andy again. Yes, that is the key difference; the Fidelity portfolio is slightly higher quality. Our card portfolio is very high quality, but the downturn that you see in that charge-off level of delinquencies is a function of the higher-quality Fidelity portfolio.
Jason Harbes: Maybe just a bigger-picture question on the expense outlook for next year, this year it looks like you're going to come in a bit above the 3% to 5% target. A lot of that seems like it's related to some of the remediation activities that you are undertaking. But as we think about 2017, would it be realistic to think you might actually come in more towards the low end, as those costs or issues are resolved?
Terry Dolan: Yes, Jason, one of the things that we've talked about when you think about the compliance programs -- and it ties into some of the things that Richard talked about with respect to AML and BSA -- we'll continue to work on that probably through next year. Last quarter we said that the compliance costs were peaking in the second quarter, but we also said that we really don't see them declining significantly, at least not through 2017. In other words, I would think about it more as it's kind of plateauing and it's going to stay at that level at least for some period of time until we get through some of these compliance issues. So if you're thinking about the 2017 time frame, that's the way that I would think about it.
Operator: Your final question is from Nancy Bush with NAB Research.
Nancy Bush: Good morning, Richard. How are you?
Richard Davis: I'm good. I was wondering where you were.
Nancy Bush: Still here in Georgia.
Richard Davis: Well, you were on the Morgan Stanley call; I know you love them more.
Nancy Bush: Yes. Yes, you could have brought up the -- you opened the door with mentioning election and Brexit and some other things. But I'm just more curious about your view of the regulatory scene right now. It seems everybody is focusing on Tarullo's latest speech or what a Fed governor is saying and we're losing sight of the forest for the trees. So can you just give me your impression of the overall regulatory scene? And do you expect it to change markedly one way or the other depending on the outcome of the election?
Richard Davis: First of all, I think -- and I said this at our Investor Day. I think if we're a nine-inning game, we're probably in the eighth inning. We know most of the conditions. We know the condition on the field. We know the umpires. We know the fan attitude. We know the weather. We know the ball speed. There's not a lot here new. And there will be some adjustments to the election, but as you know, most of these positions are not tied directly to the election or directly to the President's term. They have different term timetables; and think the FDIC and the OCC to name two. So I think the philosophies and the general sense of what regulation looks like for banks is pretty well set. I think we understand most of those rules and what we're dealing with now is nuances, why certain speeches make so much attention, because we're trying to read tea leaves and figure out if they changed anything systemic. I don't think there's anything major to change. I also think a new President which is undoubtedly going to happen, has a slight variation one way or the other. I won't talk about which one I think does which, but one gets a little more uncertain and causes us to stand back a little bit and wait to see how things settle.  The other one is a lot more of the same and probably, whether we like it or not, is something we can manage because it's the devil we know. Either way, I don't see any circumstances where bank regulation gets easier or lightens. I don't see a significant place where it gets any tougher or gets a lot stronger. I do think there's going to be a need for us to particularly respond to this current issue on culture and doing the right thing and that makes sense to me and that's a place that we'll welcome that oversight. In fact, maybe to the earlier question, if banks are proven for the most part to be doing really the right things the right way, that might be a very positive catalyst for the American people. Because they now know that we're stronger; they know we're safer. They don't know that we intend to be good with that. And if we can prove that over the course of the next couple years, especially as the economy might get better at the same time, I think we're in a pretty good place. But for this bank, there's not a lot -- we don't spend a lot of energy trying to figure out what's going to happen next. We have relationship with regulators both local and national that we know and trust. And for us it's part of doing business and I think it's a normal course of running the bank. We don't fret about it and we don't try to predict anything.
Nancy Bush: Well, on this issue of culture, how do you see that coming to the fore? Is that going to become a special -- does that get built into the DFAST? How do you see that happening?
Richard Davis: Yes, that's a good question. That's too early to know. I do know and I believe it's known, that the OCC is conducting a horizontal review, first and foremost starting immediately on unauthorized new accounts. They are doing that horizontally. I don't know how far it's going but it's the first of -- look at more things like incentive practices and then will be, I think, eventually culture. We're thinking of it as culture and we always have from the very beginning. But I think, Nancy, that will find its way probably through more likely the OCC under the doctrine that they have as they oversee the banks. And then the Fed for the Fed banks will find their own way to approach it. I don't necessarily see it going into a CCAR stress test environment at this early stage. I see it being more of a pattern and practice for the CAMEL ratings and the overall valuation of management and board oversight. So for me I think it's just another nuance and we keep getting different things. It's a spotlight on a stage, right? Everything is on the stage, but you can only see the stuff the spotlight is on. It's just going to move across and now find something in the form of culture. I think we're all going to need to put better words around what we do. I think we're going to have to prove what we do. And I think we're going to have to show sustainability to good practices and that does require us to do a lot more record-keeping, a lot more auditing, a lot more quality assurance. I would say it's actually a pretty good thing, because most banks do it very, very well. And I think we're going to find out that that's an area of strength that we can showcase, that banks haven't been able to really put their finger on until now. Unfortunately, it takes a blemish to bring out the issues, but I think you'll be -- the American people will be quite pleased with what they find.
Nancy Bush: Okay. One other regulatory issue, the fact that the EU seems to be backing away from Basel, do you think that will change anything? Does that make any difference? Do we not go to Basel IV? What do you think the impact of that is?
Richard Davis: I don't predict that one as well, because I do think this one does matter a lot in who's in a position. I think Dan Tarullo's been our best guiding voice on this particular topic, both on what volatile means to the United States banks and what it means in relationship to the global circumstances. As long as he's in position I don't think it goes away and I think he continues to argue the position that America's banks need to be at the highest, best, strongest, position first and foremost -- but in an environment where all the banks have to account for the same general level of oversight. If Dan were to change positions, I think that will have a meaningful impact on whether or not the position of the domestic banks in relation to the international banks remains the same or not. But I think there's a general sense across the world that everyone wants all the banks to be stronger. They're looking for a governing doctrine. Basel seems to be the one that allows everybody to think most banks across the world have generally the same minimum oversight; and we're all getting there at different speeds. So I think it's probably still the best proxy and I don't think it changes greatly. I think the verbiage of a speech or a general sentiment that things aren't going to be adopted or things are going to be changed is just that, it's a small nuance. I think we're all going to stay within the confines of a general Basel oversight created out of the institutions across the country that have a voice and then America being probably the loudest.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over for closing remarks.
Jen Thompson: Thank you for listening to this review of our third quarter results. Please contact us if you have any follow-up questions.
Richard Davis: Thanks, everybody.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-15 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jennifer Ann Thompson - SVP, IR Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President and CEO Kathy Rogers - VC and CFO Andrew J. Cecere - VC and COO P. W. Parker - VC and Chief Risk Officer Terrance R. Dolan - VC, Wealth Management and Securities Services
Analysts: John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein  Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets Timothy Hayes - FBR Capital Markets & Co. John Pancari - Evercore ISI Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill Kenneth Houston - Jefferies Mike Mayo - CLSA  Erika Najarian - Bank of America Vivek Juneja - JPMorgan Securities Bill Carcache - Nomura Kevin Barker - Piper Jaffray  Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research Terry McEvoy - Stephens
Presentation:
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorps Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Richard Davis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Kathy Rogers, U.S. Bancorps Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately noon Eastern Daylight time through Friday July 22nd, and 12 midnight Eastern Daylight Time. I will now turn the conference over to Jen Thompson, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp. 
Jennifer Ann Thompson: Thank you, Mellissa. And good morning to everyone who has joined our call. Richard David, Kathy Rogers, Andy Cecere, Terry Dolan and Bill Parker are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorps second quarter results and to answer your questions. Richard and Kathy will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of the slide presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at usbanc.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during todays call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking statements are described on page two of todays presentation and our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Richard. 
Richard K. Davis: Thanks, Jen and good morning, everyone and thank you for joining our call. Ill begin our review of U.S. Banks results with the summary of reported highlights on slide three of the presentation. Im pleased to report that U.S. Bank reported record net income of $1.5 billion for the second quarter of 2016 or $0.83 per diluted common share.  The second quarter results include several notable items that together increased earnings per share by $0.01. These notable items include $180 million of equity investment income, primarily the result of our membership in Visa Europe, which was recently sold to Visa Incorporated. Additionally we recognized $110 million in accruals related to legal and regulatory matters and the $40 million charitable contribution. Im very pleased with our second quarter results where we once again delivered industry leading profitability and posted record results for revenue, net income and earnings per share on both a reported as well as a core basis. Record revenues were driven by growth in average linked quarter loans of 1.6% as expected and continued strength in our fee businesses. While we saw a reduction in our linked quarter net interest margin as expected, we did report modest linked quarter growth in net interest income and strong growth in net interest income on a year-over-year basis. Total average deposit growth also remained strong at 7.6% versus the previous year, and included net income growth -- net new income account growth of 2.8%. Credit quality was stable for the second quarter as expected. The net charge-off ratio was unchanged at 48 basis points compared to the previous quarter and the previous year. And we recognized a modest improvement in non-performing assets, which was driven mainly by improvements in the energy credits.  Slide five provides you with a five quarter history of our profitability metrics, which continue to be among the best in the industry. Moving to the graph on the right, you will see that this quarters net interest margin was 3.02%, 4 basis points lower than the prior quarter, which was in line with our expectations. The industry continues to face headwinds from low interest rate environment and the flatter yield curve, which became more pronounced at the end of the second quarter and continues as we begin the third quarter.  The lower long-term rates will have an impact on our second half results, if the rates remain at these low historic levels. We would that given the current yield curve and expectations that the short-term rates will remain flat for the near-team, that the interest margin -- net interest margin will decline on a linked basis in the range of 3 to 4 basis points. However, we also expect net interest income to increase on a linked quarter basis, principally driven by an increase in earning assets.  Expenses excluding the notable items increase 3.4% at the bottom end of our expected range. And our efficiency ratio improved to 54% versus 54.6% in the prior fiscal quarter. As projected, quarter two expenses included a linked quarter increase in marketing expense related to the investment in our brand advertising, and also reflect the expected peak in our compliance related costs.  As we look out to the second half of the year, wed expect expenses to grow, however, the rate of growth will be lower than the 3.4% linked quarter growth reported in the second quarter.  Turning to slide six, the company reported record net revenue of $5.4 million in the second quarter. Excluding the Visa Europe sales, revenue increased $226 million or 4.5% from the prior year. Our revenue growth was primarily driven by core loan growth, as well as strength in a number of our fee based businesses, including our payments, mortgage and wealth management businesses. We also saw strong results from our capital markets business, as we were well positioned to provide product and services to customers as they navigated through the recent market volatility. Kathy will now provide you with more details about our second quarter results.
Kathy Rogers: Thanks, Richard. Average loan and deposit growth is summarized on slide seven. Average total loans outstanding grew 1.6% on a linked quarter basis and increased by over $20 billion or 8.1% compared with the second quarter of 2015. Excluding the recent retail card portfolio acquisition and student loans that were carried in the held for sale in the second quarter of 2015 loans grew by 6.5% compared to the prior year. In the second quarter, the year-over-year increase in average loans outstanding was led by strong growth in average total commercial loans of 10.7% and improved residential mortgage loan growth of 8.6%. Other consumer loans continue to show positive momentum, led by credit card growth of 14.3%, which included the retail card acquisition. Finally, home equity loan growth continued reflecting the year-over-year increase of 2.7%. On a linked quarter basis, our core loan growth of 1.6% meeting our expectation, and was driven by total commercial loan growth of $2.3 billion or 2.6%, and growth in residential mortgages of $1.3 billion, or 2.4%. We currently project linked quarter average loan growth in quarter three to be similar to the growth reported in prior quarters. Total average deposits increased $22 billion or 7.6% compared with the second quarter of 2015, and were up 3.9% on a linked quarter basis. On a year-over-year basis, the trend continues to reflect strong growth of 9.5% in our low cost deposits, which includes our non-interest bearing and low cost interest checking deposits and more than offset the run-off in higher cost time deposits. Turning to Slide eight, as Richard mentioned, credit quality remain relatively stable in the second quarter. Second quarter net charge-off increased $21 million or 7.1% compared with the prior year, and reflected a modest increase of $2 million or 0.6% on a linked quarter basis. Net charge-offs as a percent of average loans were 48 basis points in the second quarter, unchanged from the prior quarter and the prior year. Compared with a year ago non-performing asset increased $95 million or 6% mostly due to the down grade that occurred in prior quarter due to recent energy credits. Linked quarter non-performing assets improved 3% or $47 million driven mainly from improvements in our energy credits. Slide nine provides an update of our energy exposure. At the end of the second quarter $3 billion of our commercial loans and $11.3 billion of our commitments were to customers in the energy portfolio, which was down from the previous quarter. The decline was primarily driven by the completion of our spring borrowing base redetermination on reserve-based loans within our energy portfolio. During the second quarter criticized commitments within this portfolio decreased $509 million while nonperforming loans decreased $54 million principally driven by pay down. Finally credit reserve associated with the energy portfolio declined by $45 million, reflective of reduced loans which resulted in an 8.8% credit reserve for our energy portfolio compared to 9.1% in the previous quarter. Given the underlying mix in quality of the overall portfolio we expect linked net charge-off and total provision expense to be relatively stable in the third quarter of 2016. Slide 10 gives you a view of our second quarter results versus comparable period. Second quarter net income excluding notable items increased by $17 million or 1.1% on a year-over-year basis. Higher operating income was partially offset by higher provision expense. On a linked quarter basis net income excluding notable items decreased by $114 million or 8.2% mainly due to the seasonality in certain fee businesses partially offset by higher non-interest expense related to expected increases in compliance cost and marketing expense. The marketing expense represents our brand advertising. Turning to slide 11, net interest income increased by $126 million or 4.5% on a year-over-year basis. Strong average earning asset growth was slightly offset by the impact of a 1 basis point decline in net interest margin to 3.02%. The modest year-over-year decline in net interest margin primarily reflected the impact of higher short-term rate offset by lower reinvestment rates in the security portfolio. Net interest income increased by $8 million or 0.3% on a linked quarter basis. Strong growth in average loans was offset by a 4 basis point reduction in net interest margin. The decline in the margin was principally due to the loan portfolio mix as well as lower average rates on the investment securities portfolio, which is principally due to flatter yield curves. Slide 12 highlights non-interest income, which increase $100 million or 4.4% year-over-year excluding the Visa Europe sale. The year-over-year increase in non-interest income was primarily due to increase in payments revenue, trust and investment management fees, mortgage banking fees and commercial product fees, which is mainly due to the increased capital market fee -- which was mainly due to increased capital market fees resulting from the recent market volatility. Credit and debit card fees grew by $30 million or 11.3%, reflecting higher transaction volumes including acquired portfolios. Corporate payment products revenue grew 1.7% reversing a negative growth trend recognized during the previous year and this was driven mostly by market share gains resulting from prior year investments made within our middle market, virtual payment and commercial freight platforms. Merchant processing services increased 2.0% year-over-year or 3% excluding the impact of current foreign currency rate changes. Commercial products revenue increased $24 million or 11.2%, driven by higher bond underwriting fees and other capital market activities as our customers responded to the recent volatilities. On a linked quarter basis non-interest excluding the Visa Europe sale increased $223 million or 10.4% principally due to seasonally higher fees within our payments mortgage banking and desposit service charge fee category. Credit and debit card fees increased $30 million or 11.3% and merchant processing fees increased $30 million or 8.0% primarily due to seasonally higher transaction volumes. Commercial product fees increased $41 million or 21%, mortgage banking fees increased $51 million or 27%, which was inline with our previous guidance of 20% to 30%. Growth in mortgage banking revenues primarily reflected seasonally higher production volumes. We currently expect linked quarter mortgage fees to increase 20% to 30% again in quarter three. Moving to slide 13, non-interest expense excluding notable items increased $160 million or 6% on a year-over-year basis; higher compensation expense mostly due to the impact of merit increases and variable compensation. Higher professional service expense principally related to compliance activity and higher marketing and business development expense related to the investment in our brand advertising were partially offset by lower employee benefit expense.  On a linked quarter basis, non-interest expense excluding notable items increased by $93 million or 3.4%. Linked quarter expense growth was driven by higher marketing and business development cost again reflective of the investment in brand advertising. Higher professional service fees -- expenses principally due to compliance and an increase in compensation expense mostly due to merit increases. These increased costs were partially offset by seasonally lower employee benefit expense. As Richard mentioned, we expect expenses to grow in the second half of the year however at a lower rate of growth versus the 3.4% excluding notable items that weve reported for the second quarter. Our current expectation is for linked expenses to increase 2.5% to 3% in the third quarter, but so let me provide some additional detail. We anticipate that the FDIC search charge assessment for larger banks will begin in the third quarter which will increase our expenses by approximately $20 million. Additionally, expenses related to our tax credit business are seasonally higher as we move into third quarter. These two items account for more than half of the expected quarterly expense growth. In the second quarter, preferred dividend totaled $80 million, which compared with $51 million in the first quarter of 2016. The linked quarter increase is reflected of recent preferred stock issuances with a semi-annual dividend payment that will repeat again in quarter four.  Turning to slide 14, our capital position remains strong and in the second quarter we returned 77% of our earnings to shareholders through dividends and share buyback. On June 29th, we announced that Federal Reserve did not object to our capital plan. As a result, we announced the $2.6 billion stock buyback program that commenced on July 1st and announced an expected increase in our third quarter common dividend of 9.8%. We would expect to remain in our targeted payout range of 60% to 80% going forward. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio estimated using the Basel III standardized approach as if fully implemented at June 30 was 9.3% which is well above the 7% Basel III minimum requirements. Our tangible book value per share rose to $18.46 at June 30th, representing 10% increase over the same quarter of last year and 3% over the prior quarter. I will now turn the call back to Richard.
Richard K. Davis: Thanks, Kathy. I am proud of our record second quarter results. We maintained our industry leading performance measures and we reported an 18.7% return on tangible common equity in the quarter. Our industry continues to face challenges from the low interest rate environment. However we remain confident that well continue to grow revenue and prudently manage expenses while strategically investing in our business to create value for our shareholders.  That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Kathy, Terry, Bill and I will now be happy to answer your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from John McDonald with Bernstein. 
Richard K. Davis: Hi, John.
John McDonald: Hi, good morning guys. Richard I was hoping if you could provide a little bit color on loan growth. Whats gotten better and whats keeping you the confidence the expected trend to continue? It sounds like you might expect more of the same maybe little bit more color there.
Richard K. Davis: Sure happy to do it. And were expecting more of the same pretty much what weve seen for the last two quarters. Ill have Andy to give a little color on the detail as he oversees all of those revenue businesses. But I will say it continues to be a theme of repetitive quarter-after-quarter. Where on the wholesale side, youre seeing increased capital markets activity that in fact move up and trigger loan repayments and lower line utilization and M&A related activity. So on the wholesale side, were not still not seeing the kind of organic growth wed like to see, but we are pleased as we said in our comments that we have a fully capable capital markets business in order to take the benefit of what would otherwise be some activities we didnt use to have in the company when customers moved outside of the lending market and into the capital markets. On the consumer side were seeing all areas moving slowly, but surely and nicely, favorably from autos to RVs to credit card to home equity. And then we particularly have good story to tell in the mortgage business as we continue to be a bigger player in that area. So its a lot of the same John, but everything has got generally positive slightly positive bias, but a lot of the opportunity that wholesale market is yet to be the kind of organic growth that we all want to see that gets evidenced in a more healthy and robust economic environment. Andy, do you want to add some color there?
Andrew J. Cecere: Richard, Id add in that. So we did see record revenue in our commercial products groups and you saw that our credit fixed income, or FX or municipal products all were up at record levels, somewhere between 40% and 50% on a year-over-year basis, and again, thats reflective of a tremendous bond issuance that was occurring here in the second quarter. We did continue to see strength in auto lending as well as residential mortgages again principally due to the rise in the jump [Inaudible] and commercial real estate also grew a bit this quarter also, which is a little bit of a reversal of the trend.
John McDonald: And maybe Bill can follow-up. You had good credit results this quarter, I think the outlook was for a relatively stable, I was just wondering, if you might need to build some reserves, if the loan growth remains healthy here?
P. W. Parker: Well, I mean, weve started that. So we are adding, were done with the days of releasing and we are adding to our reserve. So we are mindful of that. As I said for quite a period, there is still probably room in the existing portfolios, specifically residential, home equity, where we do have -- we continue to see improvements in home values, et cetera. So that could allow for releases out of those portfolios, which does help offset some of the loan growth. But we are in a position, where we feel its prudent to be adding to our overall reserves.
John McDonald: And is this quarter a pretty good indicative pace for now Bill?
P. W. Parker: For now.
John McDonald: Okay. And in terms of the NPAs and charge-offs can you just repeat what your outlook is there?
P. W. Parker: Yeah its pretty -- very stable really across the board. I mean, if you look at each of the asset classes C&I is surprisingly low in this quarter, we had -- we felt we were very got out ahead of the energy issues in the first quarter, and this quarter we had no material energy charge-offs, in fact we have nice recovery on one of our credits. So we feel like weve got the energy with $50 a barrel anyway, that we have the energy issue behind us. And if you look at the other asset class, its all very stable.
Richard K. Davis: Just add to that, Bill I would add, we marked our portfolio at $35 a barrel for the second quarter. And we have no intention of releasing that reserve for some time and we see sustained higher levels of value on oil, but we do have at 8.8%, we think sufficient coverage and provision, and were quite pleased with how that portfolio is behaving at this point.
John McDonald: Okay, thanks.
Richard K. Davis: Thanks, John.
Operator: Your next question is from Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital.
Richard K. Davis: Hey, Jon.
Jon Arfstrom: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Maybe Richard, a question for you, expenses. Maybe about a year ago, you gave the chin up bar analogy on rates remain low; you might have to be tougher on expenses. I appreciate all the guidance, it looks like maybe professional services can start to moderate a bit maybe marketing to maybe there is some other offset, but maybe your latest thoughts long-term expense management, efficiency if the rate environment remains challenging.
Richard K. Davis: Yeah, I appreciate that. So a picture of the bar fell up there, promising [ph] like crazy. Both knuckles are white, but were hanging in there. A couple of thoughts Jon, I want to start by saying, Ill give you guys forward looking view that we intent at this point, at least for the second half of the year to stay in the 54% range. 54.0% to 54.9% kind of a range in our efficiency ratio. And Im giving you that, because I dont know exactly with no interest rates, flat -- very flat yield curve and that can move either than can move anytime and it seem to be very volatile. Were not giving up on positive operating leverage, but its getting a lot harder. And Id rather just tell you guys that were going to stay at the same current level and weve been there for a couple of quarters now of efficiency. Because what Im saying is we already are under a pretty steady and measured expense control program. Weve got an FTE hold in the company that look for any growth items and areas of compliance. We havent added those now since February of last year, and we continue to watch all the non-critical expenses, the discretionary expenses to a point that we think is its right up to the line, where it would start to impair our new growth. And you guys invest in us not just for this quarter or next quarter, but for the long-term, and were going to be very careful not to over react. And we have been careful so far not to do that.  So our expenses will go up as we said less than the 3.4% linked quarter, next quarter would be 2.5% to 3%. And as Kathy mentioned, half of that will in the FDIC premium cost and in the CDC, which typically has higher expenses in the second half. So rest is just core part of adding people for portfolios, adding to compliance. And as you said, professional services starts it did peak this quarter starts to come down. So Ill tell you it comes down very slowly. So its not a big measured improvement. But it is at least a point in fact that this will be our highest quarter I hope on record. So that gives you a little more color and I think the 54% range that gives us enough room to have surprises during the quarter, but also protect the knowledge for you that were not going to do something it get to 52 and I dont see this thing moving into 55s or 56s.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay, thats helpful. And then maybe quickly just an update on the consent order and once lifted what really changes in your mind?
Richard K. Davis: Sure. So the consent order as you know is preclude us from whole bank transactions particularly things with branch banking and as we go through this consent order it takes quite some time not only to get things where they need to be, but to sustain and improve that they stay there and we are in those processes now. So I have no idea what the exit time will be, but we are working closely with our regulators to make sure that we have permissions particularly to be released from any part of the consent order first if thats helpful to us to get back into the traditional M&A business. However, I remind you that our M&A in the area of merchant portfolios, credit card portfolios, mortgage business activities, trust activities none of those are precluded under that order and those have been exactly the things we have in the last five years consistently as part of our M&A. So we havent been precluded from doing what we wanted to do and as I said before there hasnt been a bank deal or a branch deal that we wanted since the Citizens Chicago deal that weve included from. So our goal is to get out of it as soon as possible so we dont have any barriers on our options. But for now its not impairing any of ability to run the company or find opportunities to acquire.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay, great. Thank you.
Richard K. Davis: Thanks, Jon.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Miller with FBR and Company.
Richard K. Davis: Good morning, Paul.
Timothy Hayes: Hey, guys. This is actually Tim Hayes for Paul Miller. What is your view for mortgage revenues in the second half of the year given where interest rates are today, are you guys seeing any pick up in resize yet and do you think thats a tailwind to fee income from lower rates could offset the detriment to margin?
Andrew J. Cecere: This is Andrew replying. So our second quarter mix was about 65% new purchases and 35% refinancing. So I would expect that to go closer to 60-40 in the second quarter and given that coupled with the normal seasonality I would expect mortgage fees to continue to increase in that 20% to 30% range.
Timothy Hayes: Okay, great. Thank you.
Andrew J. Cecere: Sure.
Operator: The next question is from John Pancari with Evercore ISI.
Richard K. Davis: Hi, John.
John Pancari: Good morning. I wonder if you can give us a little bit more color on the merchant processing revenue it looks like a little bit light from where I was looking for this quarter, I just want to see if we can get some of your updated trends that you are seeing on the merchant side? And then separately for the payments business just overall revenue trends that you can expect here I know weve seen a pretty good rebound in that business, but wanted to get some color on your outlook. Thanks.
Andrew J. Cecere: Okay. This is Andy again. Let me start with merchant and you are right there are a few moving pieces in merchant I want to explain. So first one of the principal drivers of merchant fee revenue is same store sales. And same store sales in North America were up just under 2%, 1.8% and in Europe they were up about 5%. So globally up about 2.6% and what you typically see from us is same store sales plus 1% to 2% is total merchant revenue growth.  What happened this quarter is while we were up 2% on a year-over-year basis if you exclude FX thats up 3% that is also now flattening now revenue related to equipment sales. So we were up higher in prior quarters because equipment sales were going up, they are sort of leveled up, weve lapped that so to speak. The other things you will see are transaction volume is down and that was intentional. We exited some low margin business, so it did have impact on transaction volume, but as you saw not a tremendous impact on fee income. So as we look forward to the next few quarter I would expect again same store sales plus 1% to 2% in terms of our fee growth in merchant volume. You asked about the other payments business so let me comment on that. Credit card is very strong. Excluding fidelity we were up about 6% and thats driven by card transaction volume growth of about 7% and I would expect that to continue in the future quarters. And then finally on corporate payment systems, very good story there is that we are seeing growth in the corporate side of the equation. While government is continuing to be flat our corporate fee income is growing, transaction volume, sales volumes up about 6% and thats a function of the investments we made in virtual pay and product activity, which is very positive. So T&E continues to be weak or level or down a bit, but payables and virtual pay is up strong.
Richard K. Davis: Ill add to that, this is Richard. Just if you are going to bring up proxy question Ill help you out here. For Brexit, first of all its not material and its pretty neutral to the bank. But if it shows up anywhere it shows up in our European businesses, which is merchant acquiring. You may recall those of you who followed us for a decade, we started our business merchant acquiring business in the UK thats where its actually headquartered. So a disproportion amount of business is in the UK. And actually if there is a lot of prognosis I believe there will be a lot of travel and visits and spending over the UK which is net positive for us. And given our portfolio mix being heavy on hotels, retail, hoteliers and airlines that could be quite positive as well offsetting any variances that may occur in the rest of the European market through this disruption. So were seeing Brexit as fairly neutral to not material to maybe even little bit positive.  As it relates to our employees, we have a few hundred employees that are working in the UK and or in around Europe that would either have to have past reporting circumstances change for them because theyre either UK employees working in Europe or European employees working in the UK thats something that will roll over the next couple of years. There is no rush to it and there has been no reaction there were not changing any of our strategies as a result of that.
John Pancari: Okay great. Thanks for all that color, its helpful. And then just separately on the commercial real estate portfolio, pretty good growth this quarter and looking actually at the construction piece saw a pretty good jump there. So wanted to see what youre seeing on the commercial real estate side in terms of where the growth is coming from? And do you expect any moderation from regulatory scrutiny around CRE trends right now at all. And then lastly any credit concerns on that front because were hearing a little of that too? Thanks.
Richard K. Davis: Yeah I will go first, I want to go first on that. CRE has got as you know for our company is one of the areas we want to be particularly conservative in much as we love it and were very big in it. And so the scrutiny its high in the industry Im quite comfortable that the scrutiny will not be placed here because weve been conservative for a decade and we continue to be underwriting. Ill also remind you that commercial real estate has a CMBS market where there is a lot of activity. And our guys are filling it with a lack of buyers coming particularly from the life insurers has affect the refinance and purchase activity, which only serves to say that there is a reduced pace to payoffs. So part of the increase is actually good news were keeping the customers we have. But were not striving to get new customers at any kind of risk of underwriting or at pricing change. I think the portfolio will prove itself more overtime. Andy and Bill can add little color about where the growth is and where we see the pockets of strength. But we love this business; were very good at it. But I promise you were just not going to get greedy at a time like this in the marketplace on terms or underwriting. Because its easy to do and its not going to happen here. So Andy you might go first.
Andrew J. Cecere: Well to follow-up on Richards point. If you look at our construction loan activity, you see that thats been increasing fairly consistently over the last five or more quarters. Whats changed is that commercial mortgage or standing loan permanent loan where the attrition has declined and actually reversed this quarter, very slight increase. And that was what Richard was highlighting. I mean the strength has been it continues to be on the coast especially the West Coast for us and through a lot of our REIT clients they have been very active.
P. W. Parker: And that's what I was going to say. California, Pacific Northwest is where were seeing insurance activity. 
John Pancari: Great, all right. Thank you. 
Richard K. Davis: Youre welcome. 
Operator: Your next question is from Scott Siefers with Sandler O'Neill. 
Richard K. Davis: Hey, Scott.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, everybody. Richard I was hoping either you or Kathy could extend upon your comments on the margin from the beginning of the call. First I want to make sure I understood it correctly. I think when you characterize theyre down 3 to 4 basis points. I think you were talking about the second half, but is that three to four basis points per quarter in the second half or in the aggregate for the second half. And then I guess the broader question there is, at what point would you guess that margin compression would stop in this kind of pressure grade environment? Because I guess there are two big issues with the securities portfolio reinvestment risk and then there is still kind of wide gap between your loan and deposit growth. But just curious to hear your thoughts on both of those phenomenon.
Richard K. Davis: Yeah thanks, Scott. I think we got to question five before we got to NIM, thats pretty good. Ill be very clear, what we said it was in quarter three which is all we can see into. We have a 3 to 4 basis point prediction of NIM decrease. I have no idea what quarter four would be. As we woke up this morning, you know that the call for interest rate increases is 21% for September, 36% for December. Better than zero worse than it was when we talked last time. So were not going to bet on any of that, but to the extent that any of it comes back would be terrific. Also the 10 years above 150 again thank god. That is helpful to us as interest rate increases. And you know there is an equal impact on the income statement based on that.  So if we can manage through these very worse time which is continued zero interest rate increases and very, very low tenure. We can manage through just about anything which is how were building the lower for longer kind of term around the company. So for one quarter we can see that pressure. We cant predict beyond that. Ill have Kathy talk a bit more about the sequencing and the importance of the refinancing that occurs in the securities. And the fact that were actually seeing stable performance in most margin areas for compression as it relates to competitors.
Kathy Rogers: Yeah. So well he is exactly right. Were looking at into the third quarter and we are down about -- we are projecting that were going to be down in that range of 3 to 4. But Im going to say its going to be a lot more of what youve seen. So as the rate curve has kind of flattened although some signs of improvement here most recently. Thats going to continue to have an impact on our securities portfolio. So well continue to see a decline in that.  And then the rest really you have to look to our loan growth to the extent that we continue to grow our wholesale loans little bit stronger than our retail loan thats also going to put a little bit of compression going forward.
Richard K. Davis: So Scott, let it be said at the end, we remind you that net interest income will increase in quarter three. So we can out [ph] on this in the outset growth, but its going to be continued more challenging until we get interest rate increases around that.
Scott Siefers: Okay, terrific. Thank you guys very much. 
Richard K. Davis: Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question is from Ken Houston with Jefferies. 
Richard K. Davis: Hi, Ken. 
Kenneth Houston: Hey, good morning everyone. Just as a follow-up on just the balance sheet mix, with still have a really good loan-to-deposit ratio. Youre still growing deposits and I see youre able to remix from the short-term borrowings this quarter. Given that low rate scenario were dealing with, at what point do you decide to just try to remix just more into loans less into securities given and understanding that you need to keep LCR. But does anything structural change with that thought process around just asset liability management?
Richard K. Davis: No it doesnt Ken. And were nowhere near those lines. I mean we take what the market gives us and then make sure that we apply it appropriately to the balance sheet and therefore the income statement. But there is no -- we're not near any of the line where were evaluating the value of even deposits. We're self-collecting deposits and happy to take them because they will be more necessary in the future. And were pricing loans at the right level to win the high quality and the securities portfolio is kind of a result of all of that. But it wouldnt be a driver it would be a follower. And there is nothing in our strategy thats going to change at this stage. And there is nothing thats getting us close to edge where we have to sit down and strategize on our balance sheet as it relates to a mix or an area of that appetite that we havent already demonstrated.
Kenneth Houston: Understood. And then on the deposit side, I think a lot of banks are starting to still see a modest tick ups on the deposit pricing side. What are you guys just seeing in terms of customer behavior in terms of product choice and any cost that you have to hand along even though were not really getting it on the left side of the balance sheet?
Kathy Rogers: Yeah, we really havent seen a whole lot of shift. Really the consumer has really no rate change whatsoever on the consumer. We talked previously that we did have some repricing on our wholesale side some of that was just contractual that happened to other if as we work with our customers. But Ill tell you its been relatively stable as we look into this quarter.
Kenneth Houston : Okay. Last one real quick one, the preferred dividend Kathy, does it go back to the first quarter 57 in the third quarter?
Kathy Rogers: Yeah. So its a quarterly payment. So first and third quarter will be at the lower rate, second and fourth quarter will be at the higher. Yeah about 60 I would say, 60 in the third quarter, about 80 in the fourth quarter. 
Kenneth Houston: Okay, thank you. 
Richard K. Davis: I am glad you asked that because that gotten just neither didnt telegraph well or just gotten missed in a lot of the models. And its real money and it's also real value. So Im glad to have that clarity. Thanks for asking it. 
Kenneth Houston: You bet. 
Operator: Your next question is from Mike Mayo with CLSA. 
Mike Mayo: Good morning, Richard. So in the battle Richard Davis, first the tenure I think youre kind of getting obliterated.
Richard K. Davis: I think so. They are definitely winning, Ill tell you that. 
Mike Mayo: On the other hand, you do have some accelerating loan growth. I know you talked about loan growth here. So originally youve mentioned economic growth couple of years ago accelerating, improving and then tenure goes down and thats why I brought the comment initially. So if you look at the tenure youre really loosing, if you look at your accelerating loan growth maybe youre winning a little bit more. So Im just trying to make sense of as the markets for you do business improving or not?
Richard K. Davis: Mike its a great question. They are improving slowly, but Ill tell you what, I wish Ill be here 10 years from now to prove that, but we are taking market share, swear to god honest Injun. We are taking market share. We have been for years. Think of our home equity portfolio its still growing, albeit slightly, but thats been shrinking across the industry. Auto loans weve never got not of it, so we are selling it big, leasing or now one of the few players literally quite capable at it weve been doubling down on credit cards and you are seeing some of our recent portfolio and partnerships. So its mostly in market share, there is not a market thats actually weaker than it was a year ago, but for intents and purposes there is not a market much stronger than it was either. And what I think really turns on the dial for banks is when corporate America is more confident and I dont mean the original old unconfident were always uncertain. But things with a Presidential Election in the offering things like Brexit uncertainties we dont need any of the things like that to continue to give corporate America a reason to just wait and but for M&A and for restructuring their balance sheet corporate America is not organically doing big things at least not needing banks in that process. So thats when the thing really starts to take-off. But in the meantime we are all getting it out in the trenches, trying to keep more customers and do more with the ones we have. And I just think the right answer as much as its hard to prove is that we are doing it in our case with market share growth.
Mike Mayo: And so the answer to my question -- that is helpful. But if you strip all that away do you think things are improving generally or not or its just kind of the same old?
Richard K. Davis: I think I meant to say every market is a little stronger than it was last year. So yes, but not very much.
Mike Mayo: Okay. All right, great. Thanks a lot.
Richard K. Davis: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Erika Najarian with Bank of America.
Richard K. Davis: Good morning, Erika.
Erika Najarian: Good morning. I was wondering if you could share a little bit of color on the CCAR results. I was a little bit surprised how the regional banks faired in terms of their stress ratios or PPNR assumptions relative to last year. I am wondering if there is any color that you could share with your investor base on that? And also Richard Im wondering if the CCAR results and how acquirers were treated in this years results at all impact your thinking about future acquisitions?
Richard K. Davis: Let me say first of all we were very pleased with our CCAR results. I always joke at the stress test and its effective because we are stressed the whole time. Also be reminded we havent had the final exit exams on all the details and you also know well never know exactly how the model works. But Ill remind you that in this particular cycle the negative interest rate scenario was added and thats hard for any of us to predict exactly how that fair for each bank. But I know that that had an impact on what was likely the PPNR for every bank. As you know we continue to be at the top on the PPNR bearly in this case we are slightly below break even, but in the years past weve always been above and I think on a relative basis we even performed better. So Im not concerned about trying to predict that and I think that the test continues to be effective in helping us all understand whether or not on a most stressed scenario we would be okay. Acquirers had more limited capital distribution and so we dont think thats a factor to us because its not as relevant to us as it will be some others. But I think as you look at the stress test results and you apply it across different kinds of companies its not unusual to see different distribution model based on both what we are starting from, what the stress test would do to us and where we would end.
Erika Najarian: So essentially it doesnt impact how you are thinking about understanding that you have a consent order in place. But it doesnt impact your thinking about how to manage capital for future acquisition.
Richard K. Davis: No, I mean emphatically no, in fact it doesnt have any impact on it at all. What we wanted to do is we want to continue to understand the best methodologies that they use in stress testing the loan portfolio. So we can better understand what mechanics are in there so we can predict those better than we have in the past. But we also continue to outperform on the PPNR as it relates to their satisfaction in the model with how much money well make. So it works both ways but every year we get smarter every year we go back and do our best to evaluate it and as I said we are a little bit early on getting any formal feedback which well be getting in the next couple of weeks between this and the next time we talk.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And just as a follow-up question. Really appreciate the color on how to think about payments revenues as we think about forecasting. Could you give us a sense of how much of your payments revenues are generated in pounds so we can think about translation risk?
Andrew J. Cecere: The translation is rather limited. So if you think about every 1% change its about $1 million its not a big number, Erika.
Erika Najarian: Got it, thank you.
Richard K. Davis: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Vivek Juneja with JPMorgan.
Richard K. Davis: Hi, Vivek.
Vivek Juneja: Hi. Couple of follow-up. Firstly on CCAR, your current cost are at the high end compared to last year, can you comment on your thoughts on the results that are showing up there?
Kathy Rogers: Yes. And I think really where you see that is particularly within our wholesale portfolio. And thats been something weve been working on for quite a few years. I think we have tended to be on the higher side -- the Fed has been a little bit on the higher side. We dont have a whole lot of input into -- insight into what some of their modeling routines are, as you know its relatively a black pot. But perhaps, were thinking perhaps that, if you think about where our utilization rates and so forth that could have a play were relatively low on a utilization side, but we are actually, as you notice, we project a lot lower risk in a downturn environment than the Fed and were just going to continue to share to work through that and try and figure out where the differences lie.
Richard K. Davis: So Vivek, this is a point of frustration for me, because we in the first couple of years, I was really worried, if we were different than them how bigger deal could that be. I will say that history is probably now better dictate than testing itself. And if you look in the last seven years, which is exact timeframe that weve got the stress test our commercial portfolios outperformed almost everybody and done very, very well. And so, Im not challenging the test, Im just challenging that were never going to figure out what they put in, Kathy gave you a hint. We think our commitments have been growing faster than anybody, well in addition to our loan growth. And I think if they take a model where all the commitments go to 100%, and they go to charge-off, that could be it. We have a big government portfolio in our corporate business, which if they take a 90 day late pay and take the whole portfolio to charge-off, maybe that could be it. And as simple as it sounds, well never get the answer, even to those questions I just offered. So what we will do is continue to watch our own performance as you should measure the dictate on how well weve actually done in charge-offs and non-performs over the course of time. So well just do our best to get closer on that test. But we dont understand exactly ourselves, how it test like it does, when the results themselves show that way.
Vivek Juneja: Okay, thanks. One more, capital markets, you have grown very strongly Richard. As you continue to do that, does that shift what youre thinking in terms of -- so thats been one of the strongest fee growth driver this quarter, and youre trying to grow underwriting. Does that shift what you are thinking from a capital standpoint, where especially when you look at peers, et cetera?
Richard K. Davis: Vivek, I would say it doesnt shift, its just -- its a reflection of whats occurring in the market. Weve had traditionally two strong growth areas in fees, trust and our payments group, and its great to have this third area come in and started taking what the market gives us. And given this low rate environment and the volatility, things like credit fixed income FX are very strong as well as derivatives. So its great that we have these businesses, which in fact 10 years ago we didnt have. So its a positive add to the fee businesses that we have. 
Vivek Juneja: Right. But given that its a higher volatility business would that not mean that as you think about economic capital, but when youve talked about 8% or 8.5% in the past that that starts to migrate slightly upwards.
Richard K. Davis: No. I wouldnt expect that to have any impact on our capital ratio at all.
Vivek Juneja: Okay, thanks.
Richard K. Davis: Sure. 
Operator: Your next question is from Bill Carcache with Nomura.
Richard K. Davis: Hi, Bill.
Bill Carcache: Thank you. Good morning. Richard, I had a question on your P2P money transfer product. How are you thinking about the potential disintermediation risk that clear exchange could pose to the revenues that you generate on the card issuing side of your business? Or are there any restrictions that you could put in place to prevent potential disintermediation?
Richard K. Davis: Good question, Bill. First of all, we are clear exchanges [ph]. So were going to be on either side of that transaction. But Ill tell you its the same answer I gave three years ago with Square, when Square started coming out big with Starbucks, and at least for now not for long-term, but for now, most of these transactions are taking money out of this, cash out of the system not other card, debit or credit transactions. There is still so much cash in our system, in our society, there is plenty of disintermediation of cash a long before it starts to tap up against the other card businesses and thats what we are all planning for in the near-term and that could be a couple of years. But short beyond that period of time, we all have to be very thoughtful and your question is right on the money, as it relates to whats the evolving relationship between real time Pay-to-Pay, card, card not present, and the mobility of people moving money about in the different environment.  Remember were still under a Federal Reserve circumstance that settles overnight and not over the weekend. So there is still a big disconnect and we have those things to fix systemically, before we get to a real time payment. But for now, disintermediation is mostly seen on cash and thats a net positive for us in the other banks, because that we have no benefit in cash moving about for the most part, we do when it starts to monetize itself in the form of the payment. 
Bill Carcache: Right. But maybe just as a follow-up, I guess the nature of that product is really for clear exchange where P2P money transfer between individuals not necessary to conduct a payment transaction. But I guess to the extent that you were and given your position as both acquirer and issuer you would be in a very good position to see to the extent to which people who are using the product to actually conduct payment transactions in lieu of USB credit card. And if that were the case is that something that you would expect to be monitoring and rack to as appropriate to the extent that were having a revenue impact.
Andrew J. Cecere: I think the principle -- this is Andy. I think the principal activity today is as Richard mentioned is cash and is also check individual-to-individual. I think the second category that will occur is for people to pay bills. And the bill payment again is going to be a replacement for check and or online checking. So it is in the bill pay so to speak. So in the interim or in the immediate timeframe I don't think there is any negative at all and well continue to monitor as Richard said over the long-term. I think the other thing to consider as how this migrates to the wholesale side of equation in the business. And thats also something were very aware of. 
Richard K. Davis: Yeah thats right. So think about this is P2P right. Then there is P2B, people are paying their bills and there is a B2P where people are trying to business are reaching out to you and giving you reason to buy things and send money back. And then there is B2B which were all working on including block chain. And then were working on all of those alternative most of those are so nascent. I think as a banking category those are just all upside for us, because there is so much opportunity and much less to see remediation. But youre on to something, Bill and there will be a time. Right now babysitters you go home and you pay him cash, you write them check. Now youre going to start doing it in real time between you and the 17 year old and the money moves. Were assuming remediating something thats right now not a debit or credit card. But overtime this is something we have to put the whole universe together and figure it out. And Ive said this before Ill say it again the banks as a collaborative are working better together than we ever have to make sure we work together and create a better circumstance for all of our clients. And I think thats a big plus in the last couple of years if we see payments emerge as a real time issue. 
Bill Carcache: Thats great color. Thanks gentlemen. 
Richard K. Davis: Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question is from Kevin Barker with Piper Jaffray.
Kevin Barker: Thank you very much. Good morning. In regards to your commentary around the Brexit and your real positive commentary around that. Could you dig in a little bit on the impact of the Brexit in regards to your payments business in particular?
Richard K. Davis: Yeah thats generally where its going to be. Because weve got the merchant acquiring activity, which weve talked about a little bit here before. So I think well make -- we'll call it neutral for now based on what you can Kevin just because we have such a UK influence. I think there is a positive in UK enter UK and there is probably side negative enter Continental Europe. But were going to say that to be net to favorably positive on the payment side.  Terry you got the trust side, you got a lot of employees in the Brexit impact there, you might talk about that. 
Terrance R. Dolan: Yeah in our corporate trust business which is that we have in Europe at least recently weve seen just a little bit of a tick down with respect to deals that are being done as people kind of pause during that timeframe. But the impact that it had on the long rate of a curve so the tenure actually is probably going to stimulate the deal flow in terms of debt issuances. So the overall net impact of that over the next quarter or two, I would actually anticipate would probably be positive. 
Richard K. Davis: Yeah deals arent getting allowed theyre just being come in the new ones... 
Terrance R. Dolan: In Europe theyre be in deferred, but in the United States the yield curve impact is actually stimulating some growth.
Richard K. Davis: Is that helpful Kevin?
Kevin Barker: Yeah thats very helpful. And then in regards to your marketing spend and professional services spend obviously that can be volatile quarter-to-quarter depending on the business conditions and what your planning for the future. But given the uptick youre seeing there, would you expect that to decline over the next few quarters just because of the spend we saw in the second quarter?
Richard K. Davis: Yeah good question. In my 54% range of efficiency were holding steady to finish what we start at this year on our marketing and branding campaign because there is a value and stability and sustainability in messaging. As you know people have to do things seven times to remember them once. So were not going to give up on that and then the cost of third-party assistance on compliance as I said starts to tick down slowly. So those are both sustainable for the rest of this year. But trust me everything we can control continues to be in our gun sights. And marketing is one of those things that if it has to go it has to go, but Id love very much to not cut it off just a bit too soon if in fact were on the advent of some times here what we can afford to do what we want to do and grow the company greatly. 
Kevin Barker: Thank you for taking my questions. 
Richard K. Davis: Yeah, thanks. 
Operator: Your next question is from Nancy Bush with NAB Research. 
Richard K. Davis: Good morning, Nancy. 
Nancy Bush: Good morning, Richard, how are you?
Richard K. Davis: How are you?
Nancy A. Bush:
. :
A - RichardK. Davis: Yeah. Well, first of all, Im going to join you more than because I agree with you. But I will tell you, we are what we see. And Im going to say two things that Fed is it has a different lens on this. They are looking at different things and looking usually later than we are. But on a real time basis, which we live in everyday, we are seeing a slow recovery. And its a small nuance on a word, but a recession as things are going backwards where people are starting to feel worse and not taking actions that they might otherwise have taken before. We are not seeing that. On the other hand, because were balance sheet companies and because we're highly levered and because half of what we do is in the wholesale business, were all, I think, spending a lot of energy talking about how were waiting for the wholesale side of the balance sheet to pick up in a real organic, old-fashioned way, and were also not seeing that. But theyre not going backwards, so just taking this long, long, long period of time to restructure, evaluate their best options when things do pick up. And theres nothing wrong with that, but thats why we have all these unused commitments and continue to grow the balance sheet. About the business side, theyve got reasons and theyre informed and theyre waiting. But on the consumer side, its a little bit better every quarter and its not a recession. And I would disagree it if someone is saying that at Fed level. And in fact, I think you can see consumers are starting to spend again. Theyre savings is at a level that they are comfortable. Theyre using their credit cards and theyre paying it back on time and getting rewards for it. But I would say it actually make sense to me. But for the words recession being standard about lately by a lot of parties, we don't see it.
Nancy A. Bush: Okay. Secondly, I had a question related to the consent order. You mentioned that it prevents you from doing branch acquisitions. Basically, branch institutions. Does it also prevent you from opening any new loan production offices? Is that something you're thinking about? And which markets do you -- are there any markets that you need to be in that you're not in right now?
Richard K. Davis: Good question. The answer is no. It doesnt impair our ability to open loan production markets. And the answer is we dont have any new markets to get into, but Ive never had the chance to show you guys just how many markets we are in out of our footprint. So 25 state footprint where you see us on the street and you drive by us every day. And the other 25 states, for the most part, for commercial real estate, corporate trusts, middle market and large corporate, were in all of those states. We just really have never taken the time to show you that. So Ill make this a note to do that at the Investor Day in September 15th to make sure we show you where all of our loan production offices are outside of what would be the footprint. Because when I show you, youll see wherever we want to be, and so the answer to the expansion is no, because were already there.
Nancy A. Bush: Okay, thank you.
RichardK. Davis: Yes, thanks.
Operator: Your final question comes from Terry McEvoy with Stephens.
RichardK. Davis: Hey, Terry.
Terence McEvoy: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Trust and investment management fees, looked to be up 6% or 7% if I just based off the trailing four quarter average. In the release, you talked about account growth. Could you give a little bit more color about that business in 2Q as well as maybe the outlook for the back half of the year?
Andrew J. Cecere: Yes. So if you ended up looking at the second quarter or if you look at the first half, the first quarter was a little bit slower simply because of the market spend. But in the second quarter where the market starting to recover, were starting to see nice growth again with respect to new accounts, both on the corporate institutional side as well as within wealth management itself. So we end up looking into the second half of the year. We would anticipate that that sort of growth would continue just given the rebound, for example, in the markets where they are at today.
Terence McEvoy: And then just a quick question for Kathy. Could you run through your mortgage banking outlook for Q3? And then just so I am cleared, does that include your best guess on hedging, gains losses and MSR changes in fair value?
Kathy Rogers: Yes. So for mortgage fees, we are anticipating that that will have a linked quarter increase of about 20% to 30%. That does include all of our assumptions around hedging and so forth, so thats all in. And as Andy indicated earlier, I do think that were going to see a little bit of a shift between -- in our application base from purchase -- between the purchase and refi. As he indicated, were kind of 65-35 this quarter. I think that thats likely to go more towards the 60% purchase, 40% refi as we move forward.
Terence McEvoy: Perfect. Thanks so much.
Richard K. Davis: Thanks, Terry.
Operator: I will now turn the call over for closing remarks.
Kathy Rogers: Thank you for listening to the view of our second quarter 2016 results. Please contact us if you have any follow-up questions.
Richard K. Davis: Thanks, everybody.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-20 13:30:00) =====
Executives: Jennifer Ann Thompson - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Kathy Ashcraft Rogers - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer Andrew J. Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer P. W. Parker - Vice Chairman & Chief Risk Officer
Analysts: Elizabeth Lynn Graseck - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Matthew Derek O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Matthew Hart Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets LLC Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co. John Pancari - Evercore ISI Mike Mayo - CLSA Americas LLC Jack Micenko - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Dick X. Bove - Rafferty Capital Markets LLC Vivek Juneja - JPMorgan Securities LLC Mahmood Reza - Omega Advisors, Inc. Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks IBG LP
Operator: Good morning and welcome to U.S. Bancorp's First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Richard Davis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Kathy Rogers, U.S. Bancorp's Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately noon Eastern Time through Wednesday, April 27th at 12 midnight. I would now turn the conference over to Jen Thompson of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Jennifer Ann Thompson - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Melissa and good morning to everyone who has joined our call. Richard Davis, Kathy Rogers, Andy Cecere and Bill Parker are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorp's first quarter results and to answer your questions. Richard and Kathy will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of the slide presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at usbank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on page 2 of today's presentation, in our press release, and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Jen and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining our call. I'll begin a review of the U.S. Bank's results with a summary of the quarter's highlights on slide 3 of the presentation. U.S. Bancorp reported net income of $1.4 billion for the first quarter of 2016, or $0.76 per diluted common share. As a reminder, at the end of 2015, we announced that U.S. Bank became the exclusive issuer of the Fidelity Investments Rewards Card program and as part of that arrangement we purchased the existing card portfolio of $1.6 billion which is reflected in the company's average loan growth for the quarter. I'm very pleased with our first quarter results. Once again, we delivered industry-leading profitability. Our average loan growth exceeded the high end of our 1% to 1.5% range and the payments business remained strong. Total average loans grew 1.6% on a linked quarter basis and 5.2% year over year, adjusted for the retail card acquisition. Total average deposit growth remained strong, growing 6.3% over the previous year, which included consumer net new account growth of 3.2%. We were affected by a broader market condition, most notably related to the energy sector. While our energy portfolio is a relatively small portion of our company's overall loan portfolio at 1.3% of total loans, the deterioration in this sector has impacted certain credit metrics. This has resulted in a recognition of additional reserves of $15 million higher than charge-offs during the first quarter. I'd like to highlight that excluding the energy portfolio, credit quality for the company remained strong, which was reflected by our stable charge-off rates. Net charge-offs as a percentage of total average loans were 48 basis points, up one basis point from the prior quarter. Additionally, the company saw improvement in nonperforming assets, excluding the energy portfolio. Although the company's total nonperforming assets increased 12.9% over the prior quarter, nonperforming assets, excluding the energy portfolio improved 4.1%, reflecting the improvements particularly in our retail portfolios. For instance, residential mortgages continue to benefit from improving real estate values, which has helped to partially offset the increase in the energy loan reserve. Slide 4 provides you with a five-quarter history of our profitability metrics, which continue to be among the best in the industry. Moving to the graph on the right, this quarter's net interest margin of 3.06% was unchanged from the prior quarter as expected. The benefit we recognized from the increase in short-term rates was offset by the continued shift in our loan portfolio mix. Our efficiency ratio for the first quarter was 54.6%, relatively stable from a year ago and up from the fourth quarter as expected due to the seasonality of our businesses. We expect our efficiency ratio to remain in the low-50s going forward as we continue to balance decisions about operating costs with investments in our franchise. We remain focused on our efficiency efforts as they provide opportunity to invest in our businesses and in technology to meet our customers' needs. For example, during the first quarter, we launched real-time person-to-person payments on the clearXchange network and we continue to invest in enhancements in our mobile banking application. We were pleased to be named as "Mobile Leader" by Corporate Insight in March, which acknowledges our commitment to being a leader in the rapidly changing landscape of banking technology. Turning to slide 5. The company reported total revenue of $5 billion in the first quarter, a $131 million or 2.7% increase from the prior year. The revenue growth we are seeing is primarily being driven by core loan growth, as well as strength in a number of our fee-based businesses, including our payments business. Kathy will now provide you with more details about the first quarter results.
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Richard. Average loan and deposit growth is summarized on slide 6. Average total loans outstanding increased by over $12 billion, or 5.2%, compared with the first quarter of 2015 and grew 1.6% on a linked quarter basis, both adjusted for the retail card acquisition. In the first quarter, the increase in average loans outstanding on a year-over-year basis was led by strong growth in average total commercial loans of 10.2%. Consumer loans again showed positive momentum, led by credit card growth of 13.6% year-over-year, which included the retail card acquisition. Residential mortgage loan growth was also strong, increasing $2.8 billion, or 5.4%, year-over-year, and finally, the momentum in our home equity portfolio continued, resulted in a year-over-year increase of $471 million, or 3%. On a linked quarter basis, our core loan growth of 1.6%, excluding the card acquisition, was again driven by total commercial loan growth of $3 billion, or 3.5%, the strongest linked quarter growth for the previous five quarters, and growth in residential mortgages of $1.2 billion, or 2.3%. We currently expect linked quarter average loan growth to approximate 1.5% in the second quarter. Total average deposits increased $17 billion, or 6.3%, compared with the first quarter of 2015 and were up modestly on a linked quarter basis. The linked quarter growth in the first quarter of every year is affected by seasonal factors, notably in our Corporate Trust business line. On a year-over-year basis, the trend continues to show strong growth in non-interest bearing deposits and low cost interest checking. Money market and savings deposits also remained strong year-over-year, more than offsetting the run-off in higher cost time deposits. Let me now turn to slide 7. As Richard mentioned, challenges in the energy sector affected some of our credit metrics in the first quarter. However, credit quality in the core portfolio, excluding energy, remained stable. First quarter net charge-offs increased $36 million, or 12.9%, compared with the prior year. Net charge-offs were $10 million, or 3.3% higher than the fourth quarter. Net charge-offs as a percent of average loans were 48 basis points in the first quarter, up one basis point compared with the fourth quarter. Compared with a year ago, non-performing assets increased 1.4%. On a linked quarter basis, non-performing assets increased by 12.9%. The increases were entirely (7:55-7:57) energy-related credits. Excluding energy-related loans, non-performing assets decreased 4.1% on a linked quarter basis. Turning to slide 8, let me now provide some additional color around our energy exposure. At the end of the first quarter, approximately $3.4 billion of our commercial loans were to customers in energy-related businesses. Energy-related loans are 1.3% of our total loans. Our energy loan commitments were $11.9 billion at the end of the first quarter of 2016, down slightly on both a year-over-year and linked quarter basis. During the quarter, we recognized $138 million of reserves related to the energy portfolio, and the reserve for energy loan now stands at 9.1% of outstanding balances at the end of the first quarter of 2016. This compares with a 5.4% at the end of the fourth quarter of 2015. Finally, approximately 43% of our energy commitments, and 17% of our outstanding energy loans, are to investment grade companies. Given the underlying mix in quality of the overall portfolio, we currently expect linked quarter net charge-offs and total provision expense to be relatively stable in the second quarter of 2016. Slide 9 gives you a view of our first quarter results versus comparable periods. First quarter net income decreased by $45 million, or 3.1%, on a year-over-year basis. Improvement in operating income was offset by higher loan loss provision and higher income taxes. The higher tax rate was primarily due to the resolution of certain tax matters that benefited tax expense in the first quarter of 2015. On a linked quarter basis, net income declined by $90 million, or 6.1%, mainly due to seasonality in some of our businesses, an increase in the provision for credit loss due to energy, and the impact of the previously reported fourth quarter 2015 gain on the sale of the Health Savings Account deposit portfolio. Turning to slide 10, net interest income increased by $136 million, or 4.9% on a year-over-year basis. Strong average earning asset growth was offset by the impact of a two basis point decline in net interest margin to 3.06%. The modest year-over-year decline in margin percentage primarily reflected the impact of higher short-term rates, offset by loan mix shift and lower reinvestment rates in the security portfolio. Net interest income increased by $17 million, or 0.6% on a linked quarter basis. Growth in average earning assets and the impact of higher short-term rates were partially offset by the impact of fewer days in the quarter. We currently expect net interest margin in the second quarter to be relatively stable, and linked quarter net interest income to increase modestly. Slide 11 highlights non-interest income, which decreased $5 million, or 0.2% year-over-year. The year-over-year decrease in non-interest income was primarily due to lower mortgage banking revenue, partially offset by higher payments revenue and higher trust and investment management fees. Continued strength in the payment business is reflected in our results. Credit and debit card revenue grew by $25 million, or 10.4%, reflecting higher transaction volumes, including the acquired portfolio. Sales volumes, excluding the impact of the credit card portfolio acquisition, were up 6.4% year-over-year, an improvement from the 6% year-over-year growth delivered in the fourth quarter. Merchant processing services revenue increased by $14 million, or 3.9%. Adjusting for the impact of foreign currency rate changes, year-over-year merchant processing services revenue growth would have been approximately 6.4%. The growth was driven by higher transaction volumes, account growth, and equipment sales to merchants related to new chip and card technology requirements. Equipment sales related to chip card technology continue to trend modestly lower versus growth reported in prior periods. On a linked quarter basis, non-interest income was lower by $191 million, or 8.2%, principally due to seasonally lower fee-based revenues along with the impact of the fourth quarter HSA deposit sale. As expected, our payment fees and deposit service charges declined due to seasonality in those businesses. Mortgage banking revenues also declined as expected, principally due to lower rates impacting the valuation of our mortgage servicing rights. We expect linked quarter mortgage fees to increase 10 to 20% based on seasonally higher application volumes. Moving to slide 12, non-interest expense was $84 million or 3.2% higher on a year-over-year basis. Higher compensation expense, primarily driven by merit increases and higher compliance and acquisition costs were partially offset by lower pension expense and an insurance recovery recognized during the quarter. On a linked quarter basis, non-interest expense decreased by $60 million, or 2.1%. Seasonally lower costs related to investments in tax-advantaged projects and lower professional services expenses along with the insurance recovery were partially offset by seasonally higher benefits expense and higher variable compensation. The variable compensation expense includes costs related to an all-employee grant that was issued in the first quarter. We expect linked quarter expenses to increase in quarter two, driven by expected seasonality and higher expenses related to our brand positioning that was launched in the first quarter. Additionally, we expect professional services related to compliance to peak in the second quarter and then modestly decline, as costs related to our residential mortgage default consent order conclude. Our efficiency ratio is expected to decline slightly in the second quarter. Turning to slide 13, as Richard mentioned, our capital position remains strong and in the first quarter, we returned 80% of our earnings to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. We expect to remain in our 60% to 80% range going forward. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio, estimated using the Basel III standardized approach as fully implemented at March 31st was 9.2%, which is well above the 7% Basel III minimum requirement. Our tangible book value per share rose to 17.94 at March 31st, representing an 8.7% increase over the same quarter of last year, and a 2.9% increase over the prior quarter. I will now turn the call back to Richard.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Kathy. I'm very proud of our first quarter results. We maintained our industry-leading performance measures and we reported an 18% return on tangible common equity in the quarter. We continue to operate from a position of strength as we grow our revenue and manage expenses, while strategically investing in our businesses to create value for our shareholders. While not immune to the broader economic and market conditions, including the continued low rate environment and the weakness in the energy sector, we are confident in our ability to manage through these challenges, to win market share, and continue to deliver consistent, predictable, and repeatable financial results for the benefit of our customers, our employees, and our shareholders. That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Kathy, Bill, and I would now be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Elizabeth Lynn Graseck - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning. I had two questions. One was on the real-time payments that you launched this past quarter. Richard, we have been talking quite a bit over the past several conference calls around the efforts underway to drive real-time payments. And you promised and delivered on the expectation this year that we would have something big come. Could you give us a sense as to how you expect to utilize this product, how you expect to deliver real-time payments, not only to consumers but also to corporates as we work through what ACH is going to be doing and also what clearXchange is driving for you?
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Betsy. Yeah, the clearXchange and the EWS (16:04) partnership which you've read about with some of the large banks has been a important step to get us into a combined effort so that we can all work on something that banks have controlled for years, which is the payments network and the ACH system. So we're making progress. And I think as an industry, you'd be proud that we haven't lost our position. We haven't given it up and we are not going to sit idly by while nonbanks come in and take over the position. So the first couple of products you saw, some from us, are  is just a peek into the future. I will tell you that the appetite for the consumers is higher than for business on some of these higher value products because they are eager to change and try new things and businesses are more cautious and more careful and think blockchain, moving from ledger to eventually payments and things like that. So we are pleased with what we see. The issue I want to bring before you though and our investors is, whether you get paid for this? And there's already a bit of a discord between us and the other bank that came out with one of the real-time payments P2P where we are charging for it and they are not. And so the issue we have to ask ourselves is, will consumers and eventually businesses pay for a circumstance that they don't have value for today? Will they pay it for a time? (17:22) Amazon member and you will pay for Prime to have certain privileges and speed. They'll do it there, so we are hoping they will do it here in the payments world. We have to make sure that the business of banking doesn't become a utility in the minds of the consumers where they expect everything to come without a value price to it. And we are hoping that we'll be able to help set the standard for that. But that's my hope. And then there'll be plenty more opportunities to hear what consumers and the businesses want delivered to them. And frankly, I think we'll surprise them. But it's been so long, this whole paradigm of overnight settlement, closed on weekends and all of that. I think they will be quite pleased to see some of the progress we are making. I'd like to ask Andy to give a little more color on it since he's overseeing all of our performance in real-time payments and helping coordinate our own banks' position on that.
Andrew J. Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Thanks, Richard. Betsy, I'd add two facts. One is, the current P2P is principally consumer-to-consumer and it's principally on a mobile device. And what you'll see as we continue through this year is that more and more banks will be added to that network, so would be able to continue real-time exchange with other additional banks. Secondly, on the wholesale or business-to-business side of the equation, you will see more of that activity come later this year as we continue to develop other capabilities beyond consumer and, again, I expect that to be later this year.
Elizabeth Lynn Graseck - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: On the payment question with NACHA moving to same-day settlement in October for push transactions, does that reduce the risk that you take as an institution and have an impact on the fees you are charging?
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, it doesn't. It's all part of this larger consortium of getting everybody aligned properly. The ACH is owned in part by the clearing house and in part by the Fed. NACHA is one of the partners that we all deal with. And I am happy to report, we are all working and playing well together so that we don't create confusion or what I will call price disintermediation on what would otherwise be something we want to keep simple for the customer. So add NACHA to the stable of partners that we are working with in getting this, I think, right in the minds of both the consumers and what investors would want us to do.
Andrew J. Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: And what that does is essentially add an additional window. So it's not really real-time per se, but it's an additional window during the day.
Elizabeth Lynn Graseck - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Just wondering if there is also a benefit to you from this product in terms of account acquisition and expense management, more real-time pay over the mobile, less check, less cash?
Andrew J. Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Certainly there is a lower expense from that and I think the principal reason we are doing is though is from a customer experience standpoint. So, customers who have the need to have a real-time exchange for whatever reason would have that capability on their phone and again, we are one of the first to introduce that. So that's what it's about; it's how the customer is interacting with the bank and with other individuals.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I do think there will be an advantage to the banks that go first and there will be a window, like anything else where you can attract other customers who don't know that their bank will ever have it. This will become ubiquitous over time, which, at the end of the day is okay as long as the industry finds the right value proposition and gets paid for it. And to go back to your question, to add a little business to business on here, where Andy mentioned on NACHA. Give yourself an example of, you are a state of whatever, and in the middle of the day, you realize you made a mistake on one of your payrolls to your state employees and you need to remedy that before tomorrow morning. There is opportunities now to get in the middle of the payment system and do something midday. But I think that should have a cost to it, because that's a convenience that was otherwise not present for value of services added. So I think we will find some, both competitive benefits and some financial benefits, but it has a lot to do with how the industry performs in the next, probably three to four quarters as we start rolling things out.
Elizabeth Lynn Graseck - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question is from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Matt.
Matthew Derek O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning. Can you talk a bit about how far along you are in some of the system spend and related investments you are making, and then weave that into kind of maybe the longer term outlook for expenses? You gave us some visibility on 2Q, but as we think about the back half of the year and just maybe get towards the end of the ramp in that spend, how that plays out.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I will go first. System spend, if you mean technology and operations, that's steady state. If you take a ten-year view  my ten years at least, the first five were higher than what I will say is the run rate, because we were trying to catch up, and you know that story, and we did that. And now we are back to a steady state. I'd say the next few years, there won't be a significant difference in depreciated costs, capital expenditures. They are higher than they used to be, because we need to stay at that level. But we've also never cheated the innovation and technology piece in any of those years to have to either catch up or to either ramp down. So our expenses are going to move more likely on the cost of personnel attached with compliance-related activities, which we said will peak in this quarter that we are in. And it's (22:19) rely on just the fact that we are going to continue to have to pay up for making sure that employees have the proper level of compensation. Think of all the minimum wage issues that are out there and issues like that. So that's going to drive a big part of our expenses. Technology will be at the run rate it is now and it's going to be very thoughtful, but we're going to continue to apply the efficiency we get in one side of it to the opportunity for innovation costs on the other. But I don't think we will add it as a save in the future.
Andrew J. Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, and I would add, our area of focus is in three principal areas. Number one is customer relationship management. So, better information about our customers, both across the retail as well as the wholesale platform. Second is customer capability. So, increasing what a customer can do, not only within a branch, but on their mobile device, as well as on the Internet. And finally, data; data overall. Just using data better in the company for the benefit of the bank as well as the customer.
Matthew Derek O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I guess as we roll out beyond 2Q, just I mean, how meaningful is getting the peak and compliance costs behind you? And what I'm getting at is, obviously, you are extremely efficient, industry-leading, but we are in such a low revenue growth environment, 3% expense growth just makes it tough to consistently grow earnings. So trying to get a sense of, how much more you can do on the expense and efficiency side, from already it's a turning point (23:39).
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I got it. Let's go back and do a quick fact set (23:42). We are two parts revenue, one part expenses, is our recipe; that's good. So when revenue does move, it's got a two-fer on expenses. We only expect one more interest rate increase in the second half of the year in order for us to accomplish what we pretty much telegraphed to all of you. And if it doesn't, it won't be Armageddon, but it would be something we hope to get. In response to that, expenses, the compliance costs are something that we don't like, because they are related to expectations that we didn't have for ourselves. So if there's a consent order, it means you have been deficit in some way. One of the ways to fix that is to bring in both third parties and to bulk up your staffing. And then you come back down to a more normalized level. I will say, our compliance costs and FTE have really nearly tripled in the last five years. We did that review for our board just yesterday. And I would have said probably two-thirds of that would have been present anyway, consent orders or not. So it's not like, just an order peaks you out and you never come back down. But there is a run rate impact. So as we finish the mortgage consent order, this quarter wraps up and its completion, and then we move into now the AML/BSA consent order that we are moving through, that's where I think we are peaking out. This is the overlap quarter. But coming down, Matt, we are talking tens of millions of dollars; we are not talking hundreds of millions of dollars. We're talking hundreds of FTE, not thousands of FTE. It's really more a settling kind of a moment. Probably more germane to that is, as long as we can grow our loans at I think the kind of level we have been, high quality loans  I can say that twice; high quality loans, because that's an issue now, and we can outrun that even if margin stays flat. And with that two-to-one on expenses, we can grow expenses and grow revenue and still have positive operating leverage, and we are still shooting for it for 2016, and we can still make money. The challenge I have is whether I want to dispense any of those efficiency saves back into the bank, or whether I want to steal them away and put them to the bottom line, and we are doing both. And so, you will hear in Kathy's comments that we're going to continue to move forward with our reputation and brand strategy and advertising plan, which will cost us probably another $20 million to $25 million in the next quarter. And we're going to stick with it, and we're going to get this thing done and get our story out there as we think it deserves to be told. And that's just a small fraction of the money we've saved on our efficiency program. And while I'm not going to give you a final number, two years ago in February  so was that  26 months ago, we put on the FTE freeze on things that were less important and required. A year ago, we put on the all other watchful eye on other expenses, and that has saved tens and tens and tens of millions of dollars in our annual run rate, most of which we are putting back to you to keep our efficiency where it is, but some of which we're putting back into the company. But as to your original question, we can grow both, and we are thoughtful about it, but we expect that the cost of expenses will be measured more by FTE and the necessary jobs that have to be accomplished, and we will. Anything else certainly isn't going to be technology.
Matthew Derek O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, thank you very much.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question is from Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo Securities.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Matt.
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Matt.
Matthew Hart Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, Richard. Thanks for taking my question. First of all, in terms of your guidance on the provision, Kathy, I noted that you think that that's going to be relatively stable quarter-over-quarter. But if I do a little bit of simple math, it looks like, outside of the energy portfolio, you released reserves last quarter, whereas you clearly added reserves in the energy portfolio. First of all, is that correct? And second of all, if we are correct on that, how do you think about the energy portfolio reserving going forward? Is this something where you are just going to sort of cover losses and maintain reserves where they are, or possibly add to reserves going forward?
P. W. Parker - Vice Chairman & Chief Risk Officer: Hi, Matt. This is Bill Parker. I'll take that. You're correct.
Matthew Hart Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, Bill.
P. W. Parker - Vice Chairman & Chief Risk Officer: We did have continued improvement, particularly in our residential mortgage portfolio, so that did, in part, offset some of the increase to the energy reserves. You can see, we did build the energy reserves to 9.1% of our outstanding loans. We had a pretty conservative price stack that we used during the quarter. So we feel like we have got, embedded in those reserves, what we will need for the future quarters. So, that's where we get that stable outlook.
Matthew Hart Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, that's helpful, Bill, thanks very much. And then, if I can, just on the expenses, a little ticky-tack question. Have you disclosed the amount of the proceeds from the insurance recovery? Because we would, I think, deem that as sort of a one-off or non-core, but just curious if you provided that?
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Yeah, Matt, what I would say, we didn't disclose it. It's really not material to the numbers.
Matthew Hart Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then just, finally from me, we noted a higher money market savings rate this quarter versus the fourth quarter. Can you provide some color on what was going on there?
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. I think a lot of where you see in the money market account are going to be some of our deposits with some of our corporate customers. So as our short-term rates started to increase, we did see a little bit of pricing increase on the commercial side or the wholesale side. I will say that from a consumer side of the house, we have really seen no changes in our overall deposit pricing.
Matthew Hart Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks very much for taking my questions.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Your next question is from Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Jon.
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Jon.
Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, good morning, everyone. A question on your loan growth guidance. High end of the range, you obviously did pretty well this quarter. And with the flat margin, it actually suggests maybe a little better revenue environment. But can you just give us an idea of the drivers that are putting you at the high end of that range? And then maybe, Bill, if you could comment on what you expect on energy draws. Do you expect energy loan balances to kind of up, down, sideways? Thanks.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Jon, first of all, we telegraphed to you guys 1.5% for quarter two, which, read between the lines, we have moved up the bottom, right? So we already know what quarter two is starting to look like, and it's feeling pretty robust. And it's very much the same things have you seen. Commercial is still strong and growing at that same clip, particularly M&A transactions or balance restructurings by corporate customers. We have got nice growth in home equity. I know that's a very rare thing, but we continue to grow our home equity portfolio I think against the comps to the other banks. Auto continues to grow. Credit card continues to grow. So we are on all cylinders on loans. Mortgages particularly are growing nicely as they  they didn't a year ago. So we are feeling good across the board. And I would say, what you have seen in the last four quarters is  would be a lot of what you see in the next quarter or two. So we are telegraphing strong. We also said that net interest income will be up slightly or modestly because we do expect a stable margin, increasing balance sheet. That gives you a slight positive. Margin is too early to know and we have to watch and see all the moving parts, so 'stable' just means it's close to where it is now, but we don't know yet at this point which direction or flat it will be. But we do think net interest income will be strong enough based on the loan growth to at least accomplish a positive linked quarter. As  energy, I'll turn it over to Bill.
P. W. Parker - Vice Chairman & Chief Risk Officer: Yeah, and so on the energy portfolio, we did have a small number of borrowers that did draw during the first quarter. So our loan balances there were up couple hundred million. You can see that our commitments declined. We expected the commitments to continue to decline as we go through the borrowing base re-determinations. Wouldn't surprise me if there were another handful of borrowers that did draw during the quarter, but I can say we've also had a lot of success in  with other borrowers in restructuring the loans and  where they have been able to provide additional collateral. So overall, little up  probably a little more on the loans and then the commitments will continue to come down.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And we have also done the re-determination.
P. W. Parker - Vice Chairman & Chief Risk Officer: Yes, we are about 40% of the way through the borrowing base Spring re-determination so  and so far that's going pretty well and allows us to feel comfortable about the stable outlook.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. And (32:16) 40% doesn't hurt. One more thing, Jon, I should have added. I didn't talk about commercial real estate. That's flat for us. It's been flat for us. We are different there too. A lot of the banks are growing that a lot. I said in the prior calls that we want to be very watchful on commercial real estate and we are being  we could be wrong. We could be missing some of the market growth. There's some pockets of good strength and we are in them. We've got our customers who are certainly going to grow the balance sheet, but not by a lot because we are protecting what we have and probably being more careful and not getting into some of the areas and things we don't really understand at this point in time. So add that to your thinking. While loans will still grow, commercial estate would be flattish, protecting the good customers we have.
Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Good. That's very helpful. And then Bill, to clarify, you don't expect another  if oil stays here, you don't expect another big step-up in energy reserves. Is that the right way to interpret what you said in the last question?
P. W. Parker - Vice Chairman & Chief Risk Officer: Correct. Yes.
Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thanks for the help.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Jon.
Operator: Your next question is from Paul Miller with FBR.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Paul.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Yeah, guys, thank you very much. On the energy side, are you seeing any of the areas where those energy credits are going bad; you seeing any deterioration in any of your CRE products or loans?
P. W. Parker - Vice Chairman & Chief Risk Officer: Yeah, we look at a couple of our markets that are energy dependent, the ones that we're most focused on are Denver and Houston. Denver, there's been little to no impact. It's not that energy dependent anymore. Houston of course is. We do have commercial real estate down there. We also do home building in the state of Texas. So we are watching that carefully. We have seen stress in the office market. That's obviously slowed in Houston. We do have four properties that we are watching, but it's not a material amount. We underwrite to our sponsors, our client base, as opposed to the area that they are in. So we feel that we have good secondary support on all the credits that we have in Houston.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And, Paul, we look at secondary and tertiary impacts on particularly those markets, the Gulf Coast and things where we have auto loans, we might have credit cards and things and we see absolutely no impact at all at this early stage of the game. So no one who lives or works down there that has our cars our cards are showing any stress.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: And then a follow-up question just on the mortgage side. Are you seeing any big pickup in the purchase market? Are we seeing some indications that the purchase market finally is starting to get some life? On any of your applications for the second quarter, are you seeing any pickup in that?
Andrew J. Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, the mortgage application on the purchase side was up about 12%. And as you know, the refinancings are down, so that's what's causing the overall decline. And I would expect to continue to increase in the second quarter, principally due to the seasonality in that 10% to 20% range.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Hey, guys. Thank you very much.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Paul.
Operator: Your next question is from John Pancari with Evercore.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, John.
John Pancari - Evercore ISI: Good morning. On the C&I loan yield, looks like it was up 11 basis points in the quarter. I just want to get a little bit of color on the drivers of that. I know the Fed hike is certainly part of it. And then, if it's sustainable at that level and what your outlook would be.
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Yes, thanks, John. I am going to say, it's really all driven by the Fed hike  the increase in the short term. As you know, where we see the increase in  due to loan rates is going to be in our wholesale portfolio and we get all of that typically in the first  first 90-day is a little bit more front-loaded. I would not  unless we see another increase in short-term rates, I would not see that list continuing into second quarter.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We might also just add, we have benefited by deposits not going up quite as much as we thought they would.
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: That's right.
John Pancari - Evercore ISI: Okay. Got it. And then on the payments side of the business, wanted to get just your updated thoughts on how we should think about the growth rates in those businesses. Particularly the merchant processing business, up about 4% year-over-year. What's a good growth rate we can assume for that one? And then the same thing around the credit and debit card businesses. Just want to get an idea of what you think in terms of a growth possibility for the year. Thanks.
Andrew J. Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: So, merchant  let me start  this is Andy. Let me start with Merchant. Merchant was up, as you said about 4%; adjusted for FX, about 6.5% and that is  the principal driver of that growth is going to be same store sales. And same store sales was down a little bit in North America versus Europe for sure maybe about 2% versus 2.5% or so over the last few quarters. So the consumer was a little bit more cautious in the first quarter, spend was a little bit down, but I would expect to continue to have, even at that level's growth in the range  adjusted again for FX in that 5% to 6% range on a go-forward basis per merchant. On the card side of equation that was a little higher because of the purchase of the Fidelity acquisition that we talked about. If you adjust that out, we are talking at about 6%, 6.5%. And I would expect growth again in that range. That's also going to be driven by same store sales and then what's happening so to speak with what customers are doing. We are seeing modest growth there, but nothing substantial, neither up nor down in that category. And then finally, you didn't ask but I will just give you the corporate payment side of the equation. Two big moving pieces there. The first is on the government side of the equation, which is actually down almost 6%, 5.7% on a year-over-year basis. That's principally due to defense spending going down. Now, on the flip side of the equation, corporate spend was actually up a bit, almost the exact same amount, 5.7%. And interesting, we are seeing there, while companies continue to be very conservative as it relates to T&E spend, payable spend is actually starting to increase, which is a positive sign.
John Pancari - Evercore ISI: All right, Andy. Thank you. That's helpful. And one last thing on energy, what was the percentage borrowing base reduction so far that you have seen in the Spring re-determinations that have been completed?
P. W. Parker - Vice Chairman & Chief Risk Officer: The values came down about 20% to 25% and that translates into commitment reductions in our E&P portfolio of about 10% to 15%
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, the 40% re-determination's been accomplished. 75% of the companies had a reduction, 25% did not. So they are not all being reduced, but that takes you down to the numbers that Bill gave you.
John Pancari - Evercore ISI: Got it. Thank you.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yep.
Operator: Your next question is from Mike Mayo with CLSA.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Mike.
Mike Mayo - CLSA Americas LLC: Hey. This goes in the category of 'no good deed goes unpunished'. Your efficiency ratio remains really good at 54.6%, but it's just not clear how it gets better from where it is. And I would point out, as you know, it's the worst it's been in the last five quarters. You guided higher for expenses in the second quarter. And when I look at the 54.6%, five years ago, it was 51%. So it has drifted up and I hear you, tech, compliance, regulation. So how do you move that lower? And that's my segue into, why not pursue acquisitions, and what is your appetite and when would you be able to pursue those acquisitions?
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Well, thanks Debbie Downer for that. You are right; 54% is higher than we have been in a long time. I know you know this, but I'll say it again; we don't set a target; it's a result, because we keep watching our revenue and our expenses and always try to grow revenue over expenses when possible. The 300 basis points in the last few years is not only  not surprising, but I think it's actually much better than it could have been, given the fact that with a 0% interest rate increase up until last quarter and with a very slow, steady, almost not recovering economy, we obviously have been taking market share of high quality customers and been able to offset some of that margin compression. So I'm actually pretty pleased with it, but I do think  we said it's going to be coming down slightly next quarter, so we are telegraphing to you all that this will be our high-water mark for the year. It also was the high-water mark last year. I think it is always the high-water mark as quarter one is by far our weakest quarter. It will come down on that basis. But Mike, when  two things have to happen, and I don't know which is more valuable. One is that the economy just need to get stronger and we got to be doing old-fashioned lending for people who want to grow and acquire organic kind of things that we haven't done in a long time in this industry. That will be huge. The second thing will be that we enjoy interest rate increases or a steeper yield curve. They are also both quite important, right? Because interest rates not moving up will harm some of the projections for the industry, but make sure you guys are watching the slope of the curve too, right? As the high end came up  the moment  the short end came up, the long end came down. And that has the same kind of impact on interest income that you would see on lack of rate movement. So, nothing has gone in our industry's favor in the last five years to improve an efficiency ratio. So we are holding on for dear life with this effort, that we think we can outrun expense growth by revenue. But I do think that the 54.6% is a high-water mark for us. And we are  we're not loving it, but we are also  by the same token, I'm not trying to patronize you guys, give you guys a 52% by suffocating the company and not investing and then living later on to explain myself, two years from now, why we didn't invest and why we didn't make the decisions we should have. So, I like the way you asked the question; there is a possibility for it to get better. In terms of M&A, we are always interested, particularly in the payments and trust business. You are reminded that, with the AML consent order, we are disallowed from looking at whole bank transactions, and again, it's okay right now, because we haven't found one we wish we could have had, and there's nothing we have lost that we would have otherwise sought. But we want to move through that order as soon as we can so we can get back to the permissions, which I think will be starting next year. And I have said this many times before, where kind of the statute of any oldest limitations should be away and gone from any acquisition, such that when you buy somebody, you know what you are buying and you don't buy old problems that you couldn't have possibly detected in due diligence. So we are still hungry for that. It is not going to make or break this company, because we are not going to change who we are or the mix of business, but we are always on the lookout for very good opportunities, the fidelity of the (42:40) portfolio, the Auto Club portfolio, you will see more of those, and hopefully more merchant portfolios, particularly overseas.
Mike Mayo - CLSA Americas LLC: As a follow-up, on looking at whole bank deals, so you can't even look. I mean, could you  when do you think you'd be able to look at whole bank deals, and what sort of merger criteria do you have in terms of IRR or accretion, dilution? I know you haven't done a big bank deal in a while, but it seems like you are a more efficient bank, makes sense to buy a less efficient bank. That's the way the industry is supposed to evolve.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: That's the old fashioned way of doing it. And not just for expenses, but for revenue, right? I would say, first of all, we have  there's a firm prohibition on buying a holding company while you have an AML consent order. You saw us buy branches before and you've seen us take on portfolios, those are the rules that are a little less clear, and we haven't found anything to test it. So, again, we are not being thwarted at the gate here. But what you would want to do is, once we get through the consent order, we will be back into the market and looking at those opportunities. But I got to tell you, the reason I haven't signed anything we like is because this company isn't thirsting for any unfinished business. There is not a market we're in that we don't want to be in, and there is not a market we are dying to get in that we are not. I would actually rather double down where we are. And the fact of the matter is, I'm still very concerned, for all kinds of reasons, that to pick up any full company, even if I could, I probably wouldn't right now, because I still think there's a lingering impact of attorneys generals and SECs and all kinds of other actions that are still yet to be levied on some of the smaller banks as we move down through that cycle, and I don't want to be holding one of them when we get there. But I'd tell you, as soon as the AML thing gets cleared and our regulators are quite clear that we want to clear whatever parts of that particular order would allow us back into bank transactions, we are making that job one, so that we have all the alternatives available to us as soon as possible.
Mike Mayo - CLSA Americas LLC: And do you think you can clear that by the end of this year?
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I don't know when that's going to clear, because they take a long time. That's why I bifurcated and said we are seeking permissions to get the part of it that would allow us back into the M&A, full M&A business, to be accomplished first, and as long as the regulators will allow that, then we can bifurcate the full exit (44:51) by getting to the pieces that matter the most. And that's what we are working on, and as you would expect, the regulators haven't given us a timetable, and I wouldn't be dumb enough to guess at this stage, but that's what we are working on.
Mike Mayo - CLSA Americas LLC: Thank you.
Andrew J. Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Yes.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Your next question is from Jack Micenko with SIG.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Jack.
Jack Micenko - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Hey, good morning. Richard, you guys have been a leader in the payment space for a long time, and obviously very focused on competing against the non-banks. I'm curious what your thoughts are personally and then broadly, U.S. Bank's strategy, around the peer-to-peer side. Obviously, a lot of investor tension in that space. There's some structural differences for sure. We have seen some banks partner, we have seen some banks buy loans. Give us your thoughts on how that evolves, and how you see U.S. Bank fitting in.
Andrew J. Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Jack, this is Andy. Hey. You are absolutely right. It's a topic of a lot of focus for our company. What I would say is, we are very comfortable with our underwriting process and use of our balance sheet. I think where some of the  Vintac (45:55) and other companies have done a good job is the customer interaction, customer convenience and access. And so, if there's a partnership, that's where we would focus, is on that end of the equation, not the underwriting end. And we are actually looking at different opportunities there in experimentation, in terms of improving the customer experience, which I think they have done a pretty good job on. But we are very comfortable with our underwriting. It's proven through cycles, and we're going to stick with that.
Jack Micenko - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Great. Thank you.
Andrew J. Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Yes.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Jack.
Operator: Your next question is from Richard Bove with Rafferty Capital Markets.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Dick.
Dick X. Bove - Rafferty Capital Markets LLC: Good morning. I would like to explore for a second your relationship with the Minneapolis Fed. I mean, I'm guessing that you are a member, and that you probably provide about 50% of the revenue of that Federal Reserve Bank. And that Bank has published formulas, I guess, which would suggest that you are too big to fail, and that your bank should be broken up. And I'm wondering, number one, what your interaction is with that bank. Number two, did you have any say in the selection of the President of that bank? And most importantly, number three, does it become an embarrassment for the Minneapolis Fed if you acquire anything or if you grow, forcing them to make some sort of statement against U.S. Bancorp in order to maintain the purity of their message, which could cause some problem for you guys? I mean, if you wouldn't mind just exploring the idea with us.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I would be happy to. Thanks for the question. First of all, our relationship is quite good. We are, by far, their most important client, and we're, I think, more than half the entire Ninth District. As you all probably know, but I will remind you that the hiring of the President is left to a layman board, particularly, local leaders who have parameters, of course. But they do bring in people that have  in some cases, they are not economists, and Neel Kashkari certainly fits that bill. But he comes in with a zeal and a need to want to open the question again on too-big-to-fail. I have met with him. I knew him in the TARP program. As you recall, we were the last big bank to take TARP. I didn't want to. We were the first bank to pay it back. I'm glad we did. I had long conversations with him over that period of time. And as soon as he showed up, Dick, here in the first of the year, Andy and I went to meet with him to introduce ourselves in his new role, and we had a very good conversation. And I believe  and I can say that the Fed here and we have a working relationship that couldn't be better than it is anywhere else. So that as a backdrop, I don't think he's coming in with his gunsights on U.S. Bank. In fact, I'm sure he's not. We have not  he's not invited any banks to his symposiums yet. He hasn't indicated yet when that will be, but I know we will have that opportunity. You might guess, I have private conversations with him routinely and with his team, so I'm not feeling left out of being able to offer my thoughts on some of his considerations. But at the end of the day, I'm going to take him to his word. But he's  while he has a bent towards investigating too big to fail, he is going to collect a lot of good data, and I think he's going to be balanced in his final decision. He's committed publicly to have a recommendation to the Fed by year's end, on what he thinks could be done to improve the safety and soundness of banks. At these early stages, he's focused on capital, he's focused on size. But I think he'll have to spend the rest of the year bringing in all kinds of different parties to speak, including Bernanke, who is coming May 16, at his second symposium. So I'm not feeling that he's set himself up yet to suggest that U.S. Bank is in his gunsights. I don't think any actions we take would be either harmful to him, nor I think affected by his opinion. As you know, the local Fed has a lot of jurisdiction over its banks, but a great deal of things like the stress test and the horizontal incentive compensation (49:35) rules and things are also managed at the Washington level, along with the locals. So our relationship with Washington, which is quite good, and local, is important to me, and I want to make sure that we are all operating in transparency. So, at this point, I appreciate his approach. I welcome people coming with ideas. I'm certainly sharing my thoughts when I have the opportunity. It would be inappropriate, I think, for me to take a public position and argue the merits of going out and collecting more feedback, and there probably are some  number of pundits that do believe that banks need to continue to be safer and more sound. I think we have accomplished an amazing level of success there, and I think a bank our size is exactly the kind of size that most people can get their arms around. I can get my arms around this one, and I'm going to continue to proffer that this is the perfect sized bank. Kind of the Goldilocks of banks. But I'm welcoming his new ideas and his energy, but I'm not short on having the opportunity to share my thoughts with him. Just simply not in a public forum.
Dick X. Bove - Rafferty Capital Markets LLC: Okay, thank you very much.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question is from Vivek Juneja with JPMorgan.
Vivek Juneja - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Vivek.
Vivek Juneja - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks for taking my questions. Hi. Can you hear me?
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, go ahead.
Vivek Juneja - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes, you can. A couple of questions. First, a simple one. What's the percentage of criticized loans for energy? You gave commitments. Can you give loans also, please?
P. W. Parker - Vice Chairman & Chief Risk Officer: Yeah, I do have that with me. So, when I  you ask your other question and I'll get back to it, okay?
Vivek Juneja - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Second question is on the credit card charge volume. As I look at  you had obviously very good increase in volumes from the Fidelity acquisition, but when you look at fees, the growth was much lesser (51:20). So, clearly, a sharp drop in pricing. Can you talk a little bit about how you came up with a pricing on the Fidelity deal? Because it seems like your average fee rate is down pretty sharply year-over-year when you look at that.
Andrew J. Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: The Fidelity portfolio, Vivek, is a higher quality portfolio. It is a lower charge-off rate portfolio. A higher spend portfolio, and a little lower rate portfolio, as you said. But it's very profitable overall, and we are very comfortable with the pricing that's there. The only thing I'd say on pricing is, the impact has also been impacted by gasoline prices as they come down, and you will see a little bit of a reduction there. But the Fidelity portfolio is actually a very good portfolio for the bank, overall. Higher quality, a little bit restructure than what we had in the quarter.
Vivek Juneja - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks, Andy.
Andrew J. Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Sure.
Vivek Juneja - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And, Bill, do you have a number?
P. W. Parker - Vice Chairman & Chief Risk Officer: Yeah. 52%.
Vivek Juneja - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Can you talk a little bit about that? That's pretty high, given that you have been a pretty cautious lender, and you'd been small in that portfolio. Can you talk about why you are at one of the highest levels?
P. W. Parker - Vice Chairman & Chief Risk Officer: I can, because core to how we rate those loans is our price deck. And our price deck, we feel is  we like it. It's conservative. That's the way we like to do things. So our price deck right now is at $30 throughout 2016, and it slowly goes up over the next five years to $44. So, I think if you look at any of the futures markets, you will see that that's a fairly conservative outlay. And that is how we risk weight our loans.
Vivek Juneja - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Okay. Thank you.
P. W. Parker - Vice Chairman & Chief Risk Officer: Yeah.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Vivek.
Vivek Juneja - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Mahmood Reza with Omega Advisors.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Mahmood.
Mahmood Reza - Omega Advisors, Inc.: Hey there. Thanks for taking my question. Just a quick one going back to the student loan portfolio, which I think, last year we went held for sale in Q1 and then back to held for investment in Q3. There were sort of a few transactions and it seems like that market has thawed in the first quarter. And I would be curious to get your view if you think it's sort of thawed enough to get you interested in testing the waters again. And as a follow-up, does sort of the move from held for sale to available for sale and back to held for sale last year in the span of three quarters limit your ability to sell the portfolio again this year? Thank you.
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Thank you, Mahmood. We said last year when we moved that portfolio back into our held for investment that we were going to stick with that. We are not really looking at any opportunities to move on that again. So I would expect, going forward, that you'll just continue to see that in our loan portfolio.
Mahmood Reza - Omega Advisors, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Your final question comes from Marty Mosby with Vining Sparks.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Marty.
Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks IBG LP: Hey. I wanted to ask about the seasonality. If you take out mortgage, which you gave us some good insight into what you thought was going to happen there. But you have strong seasonality from first  second quarters in a lot of the processing businesses. Typically, that's in the 6% to 7% uptick. Just wanted to see if  is that kind of the same progression you are looking for this year.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks IBG LP: Perfect. And then...
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Oh, sorry...
Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks IBG LP: ...that comes through loud and clear. That then is, if you look at the efficiencies improving, even with the uptick and some expenses, you really will set, after you have kind of had to work through a couple of years of relatively flat earnings, this will be a nice step-up, which you typically get seasonally. So, I just would expect to see that, and was wondering if that's kind of in line if you bring it all together.
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, I will say that. So if we  I will go back to the efficiency questions that have been asked. I do think that's exactly right. So we are going to have an increase in our fee  or on our revenues from a seasonality standpoint. But I think as importantly as our loan growth continues to pick up at the higher end of the range, that's going to add additional revenue and the fact that our margin has stabilized is really  is helping us from an overall standpoint of being comfortable thinking about the efficiency ratio, declining a little bit as we move into the second quarter.
Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks IBG LP: Perfect. Thanks.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Marty.
Operator: And there are no further questions.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: All right. Well, thank you, everybody, for joining our call and we appreciate your attention and support of our company. And if you have any questions, please let us know or call Jen Thompson at Investor Relations.
Andrew J. Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you.
P. W. Parker - Vice Chairman & Chief Risk Officer: Thank you.
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-15 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard Davis - Chairman, President and CEO Kathy Rogers - Vice Chairman and CFO Bob Kleiber - IR Andy Cecere - Vice Chairman and COO Bill Parker - Vice Chairman and Chief Risk Officer
Analysts: Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets Erika Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch John McDonald - Bernstein Matt O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill John Pancari - Evercore ISI Paul Miller - FBR & Company Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Mike Mayo - CLSA Limited Vivek Juneja - JPMorgan Nancy Bush - NAB Research Chris Mutascio - KBW Eric Wasserstrom - Guggenheim Securities Ken Usdin - Jefferies & Company Terry McEvoy - Stephens
Operator: Welcome to the U.S. Bancorps Fourth Quarter of 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Following the review of the results by Richard Davis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Kathy Rogers, U.S. Bancorps Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately noon, Eastern through Friday, January 22nd at 12 Midnight, Eastern Time. I will now turn the conference call over to Bob Kleiber of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Bob Kleiber: Thank you, Maria, and good morning to everyone who has joined our call. Richard Davis, Kathy Rogers, Andy Cecere and Bill Parker are joining me today to review U.S. Bancorps fourth quarter and full year 2015 results and to answer your questions. Richard and Kathy will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of the slide presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules, are available on our Web site at usbank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during todays call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of todays presentation, in our press release, and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard Davis: Thank you, Bob. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining our call. I will begin our report with a few highlights from U.S. Bancs 2015 full year results on Page 3 of the presentation. U.S. Bancorp reported record net income of $5.9 billion or $3.16 per diluted common share. We achieved industry-leading profitability with the return on average assets of 1.44%, a return on average common equity of 14%, and an efficiency ratio of 53.8% for the year. Total average loans grew by 4.1% adjusted for student loans and average deposits grew a strong 7.7% year-over-year. Credit quality continue to improve with the 12.1% of decline in net charge-offs and a 15.8% decrease in non-performing assets. Our capital position remains strong and we returned $4 billion or 72% of our earnings to our shareholders through dividends and share buybacks during 2015. Turning to Slide 4 and our quarterly highlights, U.S. Banc reported record revenue of $5.2 billion and net income of $1.5 billion or $0.80 per diluted common share, an increase of 1.3% year-over-year. The fourth quarter of 2015 included a gain from the sale of an HSA account deposit portfolio with diluted earnings per share up by $0.1. I am very pleased this quarter with the momentum in our linked quarter loan growth, the continued strength of our payments business and the improvement in our operating leverage. Total average loans grew 1.7% linked quarter adjusted for student loans, which exceeded the high-end of our 1% to 1.5% range. In addition, we continue to see strong growth in average deposits which included consumer net new account growth of 3.2%. Credit quality continued to remain strong. Total net charge-offs and non-performing assets declined on a year-over-year basis and non-performing assets declined on a linked quarter basis as well. Slide 5 provides you with the five quarter history of our performance metrics and they remain among the best in the industry. Moving to the graph on the right, you can see that this quarters net interest margin of 3.06% was relatively stable as expected, improving 2 basis points from the third quarter. This was primarily driven by a higher loan growth which reduced the amount of cash balances. Our efficiency ratio for the fourth quarter was 53.9%. We expect this ratio to remain in the low 50s going forward as we continue to see the results of our expanded efficiency effort that we introduced last year, which includes prudent FTE management and a renewed emphasis on other discretionary spending. As I said earlier, I am particularly pleased that we were able to achieve positive operating leverage for the quarter which reverses a trend of negative leverage over the past several quarters. I believe this positions us well as we move into 2016. While prudent expense management remains a priority for our company, we also continue to focus on revenue growth and innovation, which means investing in those businesses and products that will provide strong returns. During the quarter, we announced a new agreement with Fidelity Investments. U.S. Banc is now the exclusive issuer of the Fidelity Investments rewards card program. As part of this arrangement which closed at the end of 2015, we purchased the existing card portfolio of $1.6 billion. This follows the announcement from last October about our card issuing partnership with the Auto Club Trust and the purchase of an existing $500 million portfolio. These agreements exemplify the strength of our payments business model and a continued commitment to strategic growth for our Company. Turning to Slide 6, the company reported record net revenue in the fourth quarter of $5.2 billion, a 0.8% increase from the prior year which included core revenue growth and a gain on the sales of the HSA deposit portfolio, partially offset by the Nuveen gain recorded in the fourth quarter of 2014. The revenue momentum we are seeing is primarily due to our growing balance sheet and growth in the number of our fee based businesses including our payments and trust businesses. Kathy will now give you a few more details about our fourth quarter results.
Kathy Rogers: Thanks Richard. The average loan and deposit growth is summarized on Slide 7. Average total loans outstanding increased by over $10 billion or 4.2% year-over-year and 1.7% linked quarter adjusted for student loans. As you may recall we moved our student loan portfolio to held-for-sale in the first quarter of 2015 and subsequently retuned it to held-for-investment during the third quarter. In the fourth quarter, the increase in average loans outstanding on a year-over-year basis was led by strong growth in average total commercial loans of 9% and 2.5% linked quarter. The strongest linked growth I've seen in 2015. Line utilization however remained relatively consistent with the previous quarter and flat year-over-year. Consumer loans again showed positive momentums lead by credit card and auto loans. Average auto credit cards increased 4.7% year-over-year and 5% on a linked quarter basis, which included the acquisition of approximately $500 million Auto Club portfolio at the end of quarter three. Auto loan growth remains strong up 13% year-over-year and 2% linked quarter. Residential mortgages grew 2.1% year-over-year reversing a declining trend over the last several quarters and rose 2.2% on a linked quarter basis. We currently expect total average linked quarter loan growth to be in the 1% to 1.5% range in quarter one. Total average deposits increased $19 billion or 6.9% over the same quarter of last year and 1.7% on a linked quarter basis. Growth in non-interest bearing and low interest checking, money market and saving deposits remained strong on a year-over-year basis, and continue to more than offset the run-off of maturing larger dollar time deposits. Turning to Slide 8 and credit quality, total net charge-offs declined 1% on a year-over-year basis and increased 4.5% on a linked quarter basis primarily due to lower recoveries. The ratio of net charge-offs to average loans outstanding was 47 basis points in the fourth quarter, a slight increase over the third quarter. Non-performing assets decreased by 2.8% on a linked quarter basis and 15.8% over the fourth quarter of 2014. The fourth quarter provision for credit losses was equal to net charge-offs which compares to a release of reserves of $20 million in the fourth quarter of 2014 and $10 million in the third quarter of 2015. As we move into 2016, we would expect that reserves will begin to build the support loan growth. Given the mix and quality of our portfolio, we currently expect net charge-offs and total non-performing assets to remain relatively stable in the first quarter of 2016. Slide 9 gives a view of our fourth quarter and full year of 2015 results versus comparable time periods. As I mentioned, our diluted EPS of $0.80 includes $0.01 related to net impact of the sale of our HSA deposit portfolio partially offset by accruals related to the legal and compliance matters. Fourth quarter net income decreased 12 million or 0.8% year-over-year, this is principally due to a higher provision for credit losses, increase in net interest income primarily driven by growth in earnings assets, lower non-interest income impacted by the 2014 Nuveen gain, partially offset by increases in payments related revenue, trust and investment management fees and the HSA deposit sale gain. On a linked quarter basis, net income was lower by $13 million or 0.9% mainly due to predicted seasonal increase in non-interest expense and an increase in the provision for credit losses partially offset by higher net revenue primarily due to loan growth. Turning to Slide 10, net interest income increased year-over-year by $72 million or 2.6%. The increase was the result of growth in average earning assets of 5.1% partially offset by a lower net interest margin. The net interest margin of 3.06% was 8 basis points lower than the fourth quarter of 2014. The decline was primarily due to a change in loan portfolio mix, as well as the growth in the investment portfolio at lower average rates and lower reinvestment rates. Net interest income increased $50 million on a linked quarter basis, primarily due to higher average total loans. The net interest margin of 3.06% was 2 basis points higher than the third quarter. The increase in the net interest margin was principally due to higher loan growth which resulted in lower cash balances. We currently expect that the net interest margin will be relatively stable in the first quarter. Slide 11 highlights non-interest income which decreased $30 million or 1.3% year-over-year. The year-over-year decrease in non-interest income was primarily due to the impact of the 2014 Nuveen gain partially offset by fee revenue growth and the HSA deposit share gain. Higher credit and debit card revenue, trust and investment management fees and merchant processing services were partially offset by lower mortgage banking revenue primarily due to an unfavorable change in the valuation of mortgage servicing rights net of hedging activities. Momentum in our payment businesses was reflected in our fourth quarter results. Credit and debit card fees grew 8.1% on a year-over-year basis, principally driven by higher volumes which were up 6% compared to 5.3% in quarter three. Merchant processing revenue increased 2.3% year-over-year, and approximately 6.5% excluding the impact of foreign currency rate changes. The growth was driven by higher transaction volumes, account growth and equipment sales to merchants related to new chip card technology requirements. These equipment sales were modestly lower than the amount recognized in quarter three as expected. On a linked quarter basis, non-interest income was higher by $14 million or 0.6% principally due to seasonally higher credit and debit card revenue and the HSA deposit sale gain partially offset by lower corporate payment product revenue reflecting the seasonally higher quarter three government related transaction volume. Mortgage banking revenue was also lower as expected primarily due to seasonally lower origination revenue. We would expect that fee revenue in quarter one will be seasonally lower on a linked quarter basis. Moving to Slide 12, non-interest expense was essentially flat year-over-year. Higher compensation expense which reflected the impact of merit increases and higher staffing for risk and compliance activity, along with higher employee benefit expense driven by pension cost were largely offset by lower marketing and business development expenses, principally due to charitable contributions recognized in the fourth quarter of 2014 and lower other expense reflecting a net year-over-year impact of legal accruals. On a linked quarter basis, non-interest expense increased $34 million or 1.2% as predicted reflecting seasonally higher costs related to investments and tax advantage projects and accruals related to legal and compliance matters, partially offset by the favorable impact of reduced mortgage related compliance and talent upgrade costs which were elevated in quarter three and declined as expected in quarter four. Compensation expense declined reflecting the impact of expense management initiatives and declines in variable compensation. Employee benefits expense also declined driven by lower payroll tax expense and healthcare costs. We would expect expenses to be relatively stable in quarter one compared quarter four, seasonally higher benefits expense will be offset by seasonally lower tax credit amortization and the impact of the credit card portfolio acquisition. Turning to Slide 13, as Richard mentioned our capital position remains strong. We returned 61% of our earnings to shareholders during the quarter. Dividends accounted for 32% while stock repurchases accounted for the remaining 29%. For the full year, we returned 72% of our earnings to shareholders and we expect to remain in our 60% to 80% range going forward. Our common equity tier 1 capital ratio estimated using the Basel III standardized approach as is fully implemented at December 31st was 9.1% which is well above the 7% Basel III minimum requirement. Our intangible book value per share rose to 17.44 at December 31st representing a 9.3% increase over the same quarter of last year and a 1.4% increase over the prior quarter. I will now turn the call back to Richard.
Richard Davis: Thanks, Kathy. Im proud of our fourth quarter and full year results. We reported record full year net income and record revenue for the quarter. We remained industry leading performance measures and reported a $0.19 return on tangible common equity in the quarter. We delivered on our promise to work toward positive operating leverage with the efforts that we've made through our efficiency program. And we continue to make strategic investments in our businesses and focus on innovation for the benefit of our customers. As we look at 2016 we start the year from a position of strength as we continue to build revenue momentum, thoughtfully manage expenses, work diligently to exceed customer expectations and to create value for our shareholders in a competitive marketplace. We remain focused on delivering consistent, predictable, and repeatable financial results for the benefit of our customers, our employees, our communities and our shareholders. That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Kathy, Bill and I would now be happy to answer your questions.
Bob Kleiber: Maria we can go ahead now and open for questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jon Arfstrom of RBC Capital Markets.
Jon Arfstrom: Richard, maybe a question for you on just winding and your overall move, obviously pretty negatives some of the global macro stuff that we're seeing but at the same time you've held your growth guidance, your typical growth trends you are actually come in a bit ahead of that. So, maybe if you could just step back and give us a bit of the state of the union of winding and how you're feeling about the economy and I guess I'm also curious in terms what you're seeing from the consumer in terms of their all time loan demand there?
Richard Davis: First of all, I have predicted that question, I was thinking of it this morning, but a club with American bank, we do primarily business in the domestic United States and we're very much a consumer small business payments kind of a company, so just by what is going on in the backdrop around the world with the China re-evaluation and what's happening in oil and some of those areas which were not immune to balances and process, we're not seeing the majority of that on our books or by our customers. So, we're actually seeing a continued steady, I'll say slow but steady improvement every quarter and our customers are reflecting that across the board from the large corporate customers, who are still doing robust M&A transactions to restructuring the portfolio, all the way down to the small businesses which continue to grow for us double-digits based on their interest and setting themselves up for our better consumer wide recovery and just general people who are using banks for their retail services. So, I am quite optimistic against that negative backdrop and I know we wont be immune to all of that. But based on our geography, based on our mix of business, based on our history, and based on our appetite for risk I think were actually fairly immune from most of those issues at this stage, and yet we trespassed for the worst scenarios that would of course affect us. So I would say the across the board from a lending perspective that same range you see in the 1% and 1.5% were predicting again for this quarter already off to a really nice start and were not seeing any disruption neither from the 25 basis point increase which we knew would be more symbolic and actually not yet from the impacts of the stock market of the China re-evaluation. So at this point were remaining optimistic and have cautious and careful way.
Jon Arfstrom: And then is Bill Parker there?
Richard Davis: Bill is here, here you go.
Bill Parker: Yes hi John.
Jon Arfstrom: Hey Bill. Anything to add in terms of from a credit perspective and the cash you talked about the reserve releases are over and youve all been very transparent on that. But anything from a credit perspective thats making you a bit more nervous so that is a change maybe compared to a quarter or two ago?
Bill Parker: Yes Jon first Id direct you to the dependency slide and you can look through those. And if you look at of the portfolios if you see sort of year-over-year delinquency patterns are either stable or better than last year. So, overall, very strong of course the one exception is energy and some of the metals and mining related credit. We do have that small energy portfolio of 1.2% of our total loans. So Id just say we have seen some downgrades there and weve been building our allocated reserves for that all year long. But we built that at low 30s price of oil. So we feel like were good for now but well see where oil settles down, but either way thats not going to have a material impact on kind of the overall go forward credit performance.
Jon Arfstrom: And in terms of the way we see things just the assumptions should be maybe go right pass back up in terms of the provision over charge offs just building for loan growth. Is that how we should approach it?
Bill Parker: Yes, exactly, yes.
Richard Davis: I would still jump in there Jon it is the old fashioned days where youre supposed to provide for the next new loan right and I think were at that inflection point. I dont know if well start moving up very quickly because were settling here at that turning point of no provision. But we dont see anything in the near-term thats going to harm that and I want to pick up on energy and metals and mining. We do stress test our portfolios routinely and not just for those particular categories but tangent effects it might have on other parts of our customers and portfolios and in certain geographies. And as Bill mentioned weve increased the reserve levels for both of those categories and continue to have the room and the expectation if we need to do more we can.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: When we last spoke Richard I think you were fairly optimistic about your prospects for 2016, and I think we talked about the concept of USB being a maximized franchise. As we think about building revenue momentum, slow but steady into 2016, could you give us sort of what the top-three drivers are in terms of what could drive year-over-year of improvement in revenue outside of, of course? And any more increases on the short-end?
Richard Davis: Yes, sure I will, actually I asked her more than the question, as I think I also mentioned when you and I have the fire side chat, I might add without the fireplace. Youre talking about what kind of assumptions we would in our plan, and we actually expected to have two rate increases from the last time I talked to you. We hope for one in December, we expect a one in June. And that is really the amount of the risk we have placed into our plan this year so when were halfway with one of them at least at this point if it's fixed. So that alone does actually help us. So were not relying on that to the very point you made. The most important thing that happened to us is just a continued improve recovering economy where people feel they can consume, people feel they dont have to save quite as much and that theyve got a higher backstop and either in their own statements account or in their home equity or in their own debt positions where they can start spending money and feel more comfortable about it, thats going to be huge for us. Thats way more important than any interest rate because as I said earlier, were a consumer middle market wholesale bank and those sort of things that matter the most. But I want to say the things that we could, our shoulder against to watch for improvement this year one will the continued success were having in relationship management with our customers. I think Ive said this before but were developing a much smarter technology around who our customers are, what they expect, what theyre likely next needs are, particularly around the mobile banking aspect. And so were investing a great deal of our money and time. And in this whole efficiency program you never heard me take anything away from our investment and innovation and entrepreneurship and were not because I do believe thats going to be the next big idea. So having a payments business and a bank connected together we have the best of both roles because we can touch virtually any paradigm buyer, seller and moving money back and forth. So thats our number one were going to lean on the bank and the payments business thats coming together. Number two the corporate trust business, thats been remarkably good for us doesnt get a lot of visibility its actually confusing to a lot of people, but were not only domestically quite large and capable but when you start looking at who thats starting to build over across the pound over in Europe with both our front administration and our new class of corporate trust were going to expect a lot from those two businesses as well in 2016. And finally I'll say the next chapter in our wholesale bank becoming we've moved out of the audition stage and were now bonafide one of the important banks to deal with the large Fortune 100 companies and you think from an M&A deal to our first pallet lead on the deal to just moving money on a very sophisticated way. We are continuing to see momentum there I'm quite proud of what the wholesale commercial bank has done we are celebrating Dick Paynes retirement this quarter and we are also celebrating the addition of two new leaders coming up from within the company to run the wholesale bank and the capital markets and I expect a lot from the two of them and they've got the capability and energy to pick up where Dick has left us which is a really good starting point. So I would say those three things Erika to answer your question.
Erika Najarian: Thank you for that. And just a follow-up on the question on credit oil and gas and metals and mining aside charge off level for the industry have been abnormally low and I guess maybe Bill if you dont mind jumping in could you remind us what you think given the risk portfolio embedded U.S. Bank right now. What would you think is your normal charge off rate and how long does it take to get there?
Bill Parker: So again when we talk about normalized we call that through the cycle rate and that a rate that we've talked about before this between 95 and 100 basis points but you dont really get there you just go through it when you are going into a recession or you are in a recession. So in times where there is stable employment as running right now the rate you see for us is sort of the what would be a normal rate in this kind of economic environment but that over the cycle rate is something that we calculate every quarter and it remains between 95 and 100 basis points it really has not materially changed for us for many-many years.
Erika Najarian: Understood, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John McDonald with Bernstein.
John McDonald: Richard I guess I was kind of wondering how should we track the progress of your new emphasis on the non FTE expense control this year where should we look at to kind of see how you are doing from the external metrics and then what kind of confidence level do you have and the ability to deliver a positive operating leverage this year in the environment that you are planning for?
Richard Davis: First of all you can measure all of our expenses quarter-to-quarter and I think you know we are as transparent as silathane so were going to tell you exactly any moving parts and then you can model what's left but you will see the benefits in this quarter and will you see them in the next this two current year of both the FTE watch hold placement we have had on adding people unless we needed them and the non the more discretionary expenses. I will tell you however and we are also going to tell you about along the way how we are going to spend money on things that we think are quite important I will start bringing more visibility to our innovation budget and the kind of money we are spending to be at the front-end of some of the those new ideas and were going to be introducing a very significant branding and reputation campaign in 2016 which impacts some of that savings will go toward because I want to keep investing I just want to put in the more of the right places. So no watch for existing number but watch for the moving parts and I will give you the visibility of that so that you can make that assessment over the course of time.
John McDonald: In terms of what you are expecting for kind of revenue expense growth this year Richard and?
Richard Davis: Well done, I forgot [Multiple Speakers] yes we are, we, no one quarter is going to be a positive operating leverage in this environment but we are still planning this year our plan say positive operating as if for 2016 I will also remind all of you that quarter one is our weakest quarter so its not the one I'm going to be able to showcase and show off as our strongest quarter because this is seasonally lower for us, but it will I think a better first quarter than you have seen than the lot but it is certainly is going to be on its way to a positive operating leverage if we dont get at least that second of two rate increases that will put a challenge on that ability so I'm not going to make any guarantees but I'm more concerned less about the rate itself and the fact that rates moving up will continue to reflect that the Fed believes the economy is stronger what we care most about is just strong economy, the metrics and the arithmetic of the 25 basis points is far or less important so we will get to watch it as we go and I'll keep you as clearly outlined on how we think that's going.
John McDonald: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up on the loan growth, what got better this quarter it gets you into that 1.7% growth and what are the assumptions underlie the outlook for the 1% to 1.5% range going forward is it more of a consumer pickup driving that and do you assume as the United slows a bit here going forward?
Andy Cecere: Hi, John, this is Andy. I would corporate continues with the strong as you saw year-over-year growth about 9% and strong on a linked quarter basis I think what's turned a little bit more positive is the consumer side of the equation our two fronts our mortgage activity on balance sheet that jumbles principally continues to be strong and home equity for the first time in a whiles were seeing growth in that category and as we dig into that a little bit further I understand what that's about we are seeing consumers taking home equity and using it for home equity so using it to improve their homes, furnishings and things of that sort so those two categories are strengthening and finally card spend and card balances are also growing so I do think we see continued strength on wholesale with increasing strength on consumer.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matt O'Connor: Kathy, if I could just follow-up on the 1Q expense outlook I think you said stable linked quarter, are there any one time expenses related to that Fidelity Card deal because I think you normally have some seasonality on the way down on expenses on one tier?
Kathy Rogers: Yes let me talk about that, there's a couple of things that are going on with that, because you're right, we normally would see a first quarter decline in expenses but I'll answer your first question and add some more light, so yes, we would expect to see some onetime expenses related to the Fidelity card deal that will come through in the first quarter and then just the overall operating expenses related to that will increase as we move through the year starting in the first quarter. Additionally, if you think about first quarter expense, we usually have the seasonally lower first quarter of course our tax credit expense in fourth quarter was lower than we normally would have seen and that's really due to a mix of where that's recorded so you also saw that our tax rate was a bit higher. So, that benefit that we get on a linked quarter basis for tax credit is going to be lower than what you'd have seen in the past and that coupled with the Fidelity card business shows to be relatively stable.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. And then a bigger picture Richard for you, maybe you can comment on your ability and appetite on the acquisition side of things, I think you guys talked about in the third quarter 10-Q, some things around to know your customer and obviously there's some price resetting occurring right now as we speak, so maybe you could update it for the current environment and how you can re-apply your net if at all?
Richard Davis: Yes. So the answer I'll give you Matt, first and foremost is what you see we've done is what we want to do more up, so you saw these two fairly large portfolios in the card business that we continue to be attracted toward, these are picking up portfolios that already have momentum, the picking up portfolios and we're finding more and more people interested in allowing us to take a look at that. So, I hope there'll be more of those. We've talked before about our merchant acquiring business and the -- where we've cobbled that together over the last now 15 years is to find a partner, work with him on a JV kind of a basis with their rent to own sense and there's more of that in Europe that we're continuing to look at and hopefully opportunities in that regard as well. And then finally the more classic kind of opportunities, I talk about innovation and there maybe some small businesses of small companies from small garage, deal that we might find where we want to bring the capability in house and not outsource it and if those come along at the right price at the right moment, we'll also not hesitate there. As it relates to full bank in acquisitions and interests, our interests remains exactly what it was, we dont have a high interest and there's no one knocking on our door and yet at the same time it's a good thing because given the consent order that we entered into in October we wouldn't be allowed to do a full bank acquisition until we're through and of half that considerable on which we're moving swiftly along and actually have been predicting that we can move that as swiftly as anyone ever has. So, we're well aware that at the point in time we want to buy someone we want to be past that point and our goal is to be there but now it's not inhibiting anything that we would otherwise want to do and I think portfolios and merchant acquirer will be the two places you should watch the most.
Matt O'Connor: And what so fast as someone else's gone through a consent order?
Richard Davis: You actually dont know because I am not exactly should roll us into one but I know that there is in our case we've talked with our OCC which is the lead regulator here, and made it clear to them that our goals to satisfy the aspects of the consent order that would otherwise preclude us from being able to buy things and make that our number one area, they've made that clearly well that they understand that's our goal and I don't believe you have to be all out to be all done, you just need to be accomplishing the things that are most concerned to them as it relates to branch related, know your customer thing. So, we're going to approach on that basis. And the OCC has also been on record saying how one of their goals this year is to move more swiftly with the closure of open issues and we're going to hopefully be one of the first to prove that and we'll work through that swiftly and we've been working on it actually for quite some time and have lined everything up now to move out of that as soon as they give us permission as we prove our sustainability. So, it's not impairing us now I mean well, if we're not out of that in a year or two but it's not in the harms-way at this point now.
Matt O'Connor: I mean I could just squeeze in one more here, I guess the point I'm getting at is -- you've been more conservative while pre-crisis, during the crisis, post-crisis, and I'm trying to get sense of if the mentality is lets see if some of our conservatism and capital and deposit base to look for opportunities out there, I mean my guess some sellers maybe interested at a much lower price than before, there's some assets in the capital markets that are being significantly re-priced, you could probably gain a lot of share on energy if you wanted to now, so I'm just trying to get a sense if like is that the mentality or is it just [Multiple Speakers].
Richard Davis: We've been together the whole time, so, what you know about us is we kind of set a monster in place which is we will never do anything that doesn't look sustainable and repeatable, and it sounds corny but we've done it long enough it's real. And you think about opportunities that come along if it is a portfolio and it's priced perfectly and it's within the scheme of our risk tolerance absolutely we're all over it. Many of them that will come to us at a slightly disadvantaged risk perspective and if we don't convince ourselves to make it up in volume or to buy it now and change our original mantra we'll take the hit from you guys for not having that acquisition but we will take the benefit years later or months later and we dont have a problem. So, what I'd say, our conservatism is every bit exactly what it was before and during the downturn and we're not tinted by anything right now that would otherwise cause us to change that thinking and that could disappoint a few people that slow and steady it kind of wins the race, so were going to stay in that boat.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line Scott Siefers of Sandler O'Neill.
Scott Siefers: Lets see first one is sort of a piggy back question did you guys quantify the specific size of both the extra taking and then the legal and compliance accruals? And if not, I mean could you please?
Kathy Rogers: Yes.
Richard Davis: I mean it is our job to do. We have the best to know it out so I could [Multiple Speakers] either away so it is not...
Kathy Rogers: So thank you very much.
Richard Davis: I am calling you for the money.
Kathy Rogers: Yes. So the, Scott yes so the gain on the HSA sale is right in that $50 million range and I would suggest you think about half of that were related to the regulatory and legal accruals.
Scott Siefers: And then just so I am certain the guidance for fees and expenses in the first quarter is off the reported numbers out, am I right?
Kathy Rogers: Thats right.
Scott Siefers: So thank you for that and then second question either for you Kathy or Richard just as it relates to margin. Even though you guys characterized as relatively stable it was still up which I consider a good thing. Just curious in your mind what it would take whether its how much more rate increases, how many more rate increases I should say, or an increased pace of the increases until sort of the buyers get a little more optimistic, in other words at what point do we more visibly see the margins starting to expand?
Kathy Rogers: Yes. I think there is a couple of things I do think we need a couple of more rate increases to see a material change in our margin. I think that was as important Scott is that we have to weve been talking a lot about this pricing pressure on some of the different portfolios. And I think we need to see that start to stabilize a little bit. But certainly as we think about where we are today and if you think about where our margin improved from last quarter. We did have some nice growth in our loan portfolio which allowed us to essentially fund out some cash for that allowed us to go forward. So as if we move forward I think the mix of our business interest rates increasing will certainly help in some of that price pressure easing will certainly be in potential list.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pancari of Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: Just back on that on the margin comment just to clarify that, so basically if you dont see any incremental rate hikes, if you dont get that June hike, is it fair to assume that you expect a relatively stable margin through all 2016 or could you see degradation?
Kathy Rogers: I think its going to come, and I would suggest that it would probably I would say it start with relatively stable. But I think some of the caveats for that would be really around some of the mix of our portfolio and then of our loan growth and then also as you know in our securities portfolio we have about $2 billion run off, so to the extent where those reinvestment rates falls could potentially impact the margin. And then also I would tell you were keeping our eyes very close on the long term rates and whats happening on the long term rates. So I think all of those together would impact it, but with no rate increase I would say were probably in a little bit of a steady state here.
John Pancari: And then back to the M&A topic, Richard I heard when you said about interest and M&A. If you did not have the consent order in place, what would be your appetite around larger whole bank deals? I know you used to say you had no interest in the holding company transactions, and shying away from large deals. But is that appetite steadily changing given the disruption and the opportunity maybe to capitalize on valuations et cetera?
Richard Davis: No, you can all exaggerate on no. But the reason I said I am on record for a quite while John saying that from our own experiences of the statute I am going to call it a statute limitations its not legal by any means was that you can still pick up a company and you can still be placed in harms away for dealing with any of their potential problems involving their own. And I think its all the way back to 2007. When you think of 07 that is in your window on when things start to roll off in terms of statute and were already seeing things continue to come to and people try to get under the wire. Ive always said 2017 will be the first time we want to look at where our appetite for bringing on a risk into our company as we simply couldnt do diligence for and couldnt possibly imagine that at least elegantly have lined up with our current moment where we cant do it anyway but we dont want to anyway, and I wouldnt be interested. The pricing doesnt change you cant get a good enough deals if you dont know what youre getting. And I could be wrong but I feel very strongly about that and have for a long time and I would say that as the moments clear lets say a year or more from now our ability is there, our appetite will be higher, the moment and time I think will be safer and all those things will line up and then we could be very much involved and engaged in that. But the reason were most importantly of less interested is we dont really need it, I mean much of is attractive to have the wallpaper behind me and somebody else shaking hands it's really not necessary for this company and we are in every business line that were in that we want, were not in anything, we dont want to be in if we do we sell it like the HSA deposit business. And we dont covered anything we dont have, we just want to be better at what were doing and do it better deeper wherever we are. That would be attractive to me but its not going to be a headline on kind of the deal at least as long as I am around, this never has been, its just going to be a steady state kind of an approach. But I would hope that all those stars would line up, so our options are better in a year or two from now.
John Pancari: And then if I could just throw in one more on the loan growth side on the residential mortgage front can you just I know you indicated that growth could remain around where it is I think you implied that and so you still have the appetite to continue to add to that portfolio regardless of what the longer end of the curve is doing here?
Richard Davis: Yes. We continue to add residential mortgages principally jumbo prime mortgages home equity as I said is the other category that's growing and balance credit cards. Those are areas that can, the slope is upward the area continues to be strong as auto lending and as Kathy mentioned a little bit the challenge on the loan lending as well behind this great, spreads are challenged but given our cost of funds we are still very profitable but not as profitable as they were a year ago.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Miller of FBR.
Paul Miller: On the mortgage banking side, we know we had the new disclosures in the CFEP trade, but it looks like your mortgage banking was in line with what we expected. Can you talk about how you managed to do the trade? It looks like it wasn't that big of a deal for you guys?
Richard Davis: Yes Paul. So we had a significant team of folks who are focused it is growing effort and we were able to automate much of the process we had about 40 major conversion to do that last weekend in fact so it was a little bit of a backlog that occurred because just natural process of the new disclosures new requirements costs more time but it wasnt usually impactful and as you said our results were pretty much in line with what we expected we might have a little bit of a pickup in the first quarter from that lag but we are principally automated in that and very good shape.
Paul Miller: And then on the other side, because you do have a pretty good pulse on the consumers out there, do you see a big pickup in purchases? We had a very strong purchase market, probably the strongest we've had in seven years in 2015. Do you see that continue in 2016?
Richard Davis: So the year started as you know all about that so the year started in about 50-50 purchase versus refinance ended the year about two thirds one third and sort of the normal environment is 75-25 and that's what we expect as to go into 2016 about 75% of the volume being new money and 25% refinancings.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache of Nomura.
Bill Carcache: On your Fidelity co-brand win, it seems like that's a product that's going to give you exposure to national spend from a fairly affluent customer base. Should we conclude that you guys are seeking to become more of a national player in card? It certainly seems like you're expanding beyond -- well beyond your footprint?
Andy Cecere: While we already are a national player in card so this was just adding in that what were seeking is always a good portfolio with good customers and this is a great example it is a high quality portfolio it offers us a great opportunity for growth and our customers service levels with this portfolio I think is what's going to make the difference so it's a continuation now were doing that will be also the same with the Auto Club portfolio. So as Richard mentioned I think those are focus areas for us have been and will continue to be.
Richard Davis: Hey Bill, it's Richard. I dont know how long you have followed us but many-many years ago one of our biggest moment in time was when we had lost the WorldPerks card from Northwest airlines and it went to American Express were in Delta by Northwest and we came up with the FlexPerks card which I am going to say this now when I retire would be one of the top three things I think we ever did really-really well here and is very national. In fact when I talk to you guys if auto were to go down to $10 to $15 and would shut at the thought but if I had to talk to you about where the tangent risk would be we would be talking about the unemployment issues in those areas affected mostly by oil and the energy and our very own customers you may be surprised have a lot of people in parts that we dont have branches that have that credit card and like it a lot so it will be our own victim of success here but it's been quite national for five-six years and Andy is right we just want to be more perceived at that and we are not going to hesitate to take national forward growth just like we worked commercial real estate or wholesale banking if we want book for branches to be considered a national player and everything else.
Bill Carcache: If I could ask one more on a different topic, there are some banks who many would put into the quality bucket who have significant excess liquidity parked at the Fed. And there are others that use their excess liquidity to restructure the right-hand side of their balance sheets and therefore don't have that liquidity available today. Obviously everyone regards you guys as being in that kind of high-quality camp, but you don't appear to have as much excess liquidity that you're holding at the Fed. Can you remind us of why that is?
Kathy Rogers: Yes. We look at our liquidity as you know we have got 9.1% on our common equity tier one ratio that's about 110 basis points above our target of 8%. And if you think about it were holding that excess rate between our target and where were actually performing because we havent been able to really reinvest or grow our loan balances as much as we would want so if we can get back into that 6% plus the balance sheet growth and so forth I think that you will see our capital to be right in line with kind of our real target.
Richard Davis: And it is exactly right Kathy and I would add actually the one of the reasons we dont access liquidity on the balance sheet is because we were building our securities portfolio to adjust the LCR exactly the right time at the time the deposits were growing faster than loans and we used the excess to build securities so we are very balanced and we sit in that situation today so we are not lying at the Fed in an any material way you are right.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo of CLSA.
Mike Mayo: Well, I'll repeat the same question as in the past Richard Davis versus the 10-year. And the 10-year has been winning recently, and here you are talking about faster loan growth, which seems to be that you should be winning over the 10-year as far as what the 10-year is saying about growth. On the other hand, you are seeing what's going on in the market. So my question is, is the economy getting better or worse? What's your conviction level and confidence? And also, as the capital markets, at least in certain areas of the capital markets, liquidity is less plentiful. Is that an opportunity for you to step in and lend even more? Because you said the expansion in loan growth is on the consumer side and on the wholesale side it's the same. But is this an opportunity for you to step in and borrow where some of the nonbanks might be retreating -- I'm sorry, a chance for you to lend more where some of the nonbanks are retreating?
Richard Davis: Let's start first on just general lending appetite, as a junior lender years ago there's still a steady state paradigm that you only make along based on abilities, stability and willingness and the willingness is a low part, people are able to take loans, they're more stable than they had been and other than 8 years but they're just not willing so we can't create willing and we're not going to create willing and those are the most willing are the ones that are too eager, and we don't want them so, that's impart why you're going to see our loan growth I think be steady but not robust because we're going to reflect whatever the economy sets, I also do think our market share has grown a lot and you've all the data to prove it. So, we're getting first look from a lot of customers that maybe in a decade before didnt think of us as much. On the capital market side I think you'll also find answers yes we can step in and now be a lender of support for those who have the other alternatives and want to use it in more traditional balance sheet approach to growing their business and as I've said earlier we're no longer auditioning, We're well ensconced now one of the top two or three banks in most large companies portfolio or the place they would have called for the opportunity and that comes from our debt ratings Mike. I mean if you're a C suite person at a fortune anything or one of the largest private companies, you really do value our ratings and you value the top notch level that we have and that means more to you than sometimes pricing which we also offer. So, I think in many cased we'll get more than our fare share of the capital markets where there's an interest in using that as an alternative to traditional financing and we set ourselves up perfectly to be early call and a chance to deliver and you might add to any of those since you run them.
Bill Parker: I think that's right, and I think the point that you made which is the market share point of the equation and I saw that growth perhaps is a little higher than what the average and most of that's coming from taking market share and that's certainly driving the wholesale side of the equation and it comes back to that ratings discussion that you discussed.
Mike Mayo: On that last point, as you see private equity firms back away from some energy companies and you see some loan funds that have gotten burnt back away, is that an opportunity for you to step in and lend more to say oil and gas companies? And I'm sorry I got on the call a couple minutes late. Did you indicate what are you reserves against oil and gas loans?
Richard Davis: Yes I will jump in first of all, nothing you said changes our appetite for risk, we're not going to change it no matter how attractive things look and you targeted that part earlier. As Bill talked earlier, our energy portfolio is only 1.2% of the company, we've added reserves to at this particular quarter, we're at 5.4% reserves against the energy portfolio for our company which I think will prevail to be a reasonable place at this point in time with oil at $29, $30, I also said we've plenty of room and appetite and willingness to move those new reserves higher up if we need to and we're watching as we stress test, the heck out of those things. But as it relates to taking alternatives, we want to be a capital markets alternative to more traditional lending but having to do with the risk profile that's unique and different than it is today, it doesnt matter what it is we're not going to do it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Juneja of JP Morgan.
Vivek Juneja: A couple of questions, just trying to get a sense of what you are seeing in the marketplace, C&I loans, your yields were flat, LIBOR was up through the quarter. Can you talk a little bit about -- we're not seeing any impact of that -- why? And then yields are fairly low at 286 or something like that I believe, so -- or no, 268 actually?
Andy Cecere: This is Andy so the corporate spreads are a function of two things, one is where our growth is coming is more from the high quality side of the portfolio so a little bit less on the highly levered things like that that are falling off and some of the leasing portfolio and we're seeing high quality corporate growth which is a little thinner strategy all right. The second is some of the growth that you're seeing is also short term in terms of the tenure which is causing -- it is a little bit of a thinner spread perhaps our linkage to a bond deal that's short term in nature related to an M&A transaction, so it is a little thinner again and what is typically on the books, but again high quality, still profitable but just a little different mix.
Vivek Juneja: Secondly, on the NIM side, going back to the comments you and Kathy and the others made, you've got a very healthy amount of noninterest deposits, even though I know it's only 25 basis points. I'm presuming -- are you firstly, are you passing -- have you begun passing anything on at all to any of your customers? And secondly, given that shouldn't we -- what's offsetting the NIM benefit from all of your low cost deposit base?
Kathy Rogers: Yes. So at this point, we are passing we're seeing some interest rate increases particularly around our wholesale side. We havent seen a whole lot of movement right now on the consumer side and I think thats pretty true across the industry. So that is as we look into quarter one that the fact that those re-pricings are starting but starting a little bit maybe lower than what we would have potentially modelled I think is basically benefiting us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nancy Bush of NAB Research.
Nancy Bush: Richard, several quarters ago I asked you about projects that you might be investing in, if you saw better revenue trends. I think you said at that time you had a whole list of projects that you wanted to dive into when things looked a little better. Are we at that point yet? Do you still have that list, or have you started to implement some of these investments?
Richard Davis: I remember saying that, and first of all what we didnt do is with our efficiency program we didnt stop as I said earlier our innovation and our investment in our technology. So one thing is that I would have put back first was something I never took out. The other one I think I mentioned was wealth management and the ultrahigh net worth and building more locations, physical locations, people to come in visit. We currently have six Id love to move that to a much higher level. It's going to be a long investment lead so Ive got to be thoughtful I do it if I could right now. But the investment we did so long and until I see a more robust economy with interest rate increases I would be putting too much ahead of that and put ourselves on harms-way. So those would be the two that I would mention, I meant when I mentioned it to you and one of them were still doing the other one weve got on the place where theyre ready to roll in to.
Nancy Bush: Yes, and could you just give us -- Andy, this might be a question for you -- you mentioned the auto business. What's your outlook for this year? You're coming off such a strong year. Can you just sort of give us some color on that segment?
Andy Cecere: I would expect the growth to be similar with what we saw off 2015, more focused on the lending side versus the leasing side and with it principally trying auto on the lending side. So, to stress this situation what might have been 110, 120 basis points is maybe down to 100 or right around that area, a lot of thats because of the aggressive nature of the manufacturers. But I think on a growth prospect a very -- prospects for 16 are going to be very similar to what you saw in 15.
Nancy Bush: Are you picking up market share there? Is that part of your growth picture?
Andy Cecere: Yes. We are both with dealers as well as certain manufacturers that were trying to partner with in different ways a little bit on the lending side but also on the leasing side.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Mutascio of KBW.
Chris Mutascio: A lot of my questions have been asked and answered. A couple nitpicky things I guess. Kathy, can you refresh my memory, who did you sell the HSA deposit portfolio to?
Kathy Rogers: That was Optum Bank.
Chris Mutascio: I am sorry, to who?
Kathy Rogers: Optum Bank.
Chris Mutascio: And then, and Richard, I appreciate you calling out the gain in HSA and maybe the possible offset in terms of the expenses in the quarter to get more of a run rate. And I hope you don't think I'm beating you up too much, but should I really back out the expenses in the quarter tied to legal and compliance since first quarter your level expense is supposed to be similar to the reported level in fourth quarter?
Kathy Rogers: There is going to be a lot of moving parts of this and were very early in the quarter. But I think that if you go with the guidance of just relatively stable because I think you will -- thats what were thinking of as we look out into the first quarter.
Richard Davis: I am going to give you something you dont know which is why you called. This year were going to look back on 2015 and were not going to payout 100% of our bonus pool. This is my 10th year as CEO and thatd the first year we didnt and I am okay with that because we live and die by the sword and our guys are amazingly competent and capable. And when we have great years we pay them out handsomely over 100% of target and when we dont we dont. And so what that means to you is the accrual goes back to 100% in first quarter because you expect to make your plan. And so thats a fairly interesting delta I am not going to slide it for you exactly but that would be something that I would have told you more next quarter but I might as well change that because you are struggling to think it through why we would otherwise want to stay stable that is another fairly meaningful part of it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Wasserstrom of Guggenheim.
Eric Wasserstrom: Just one final question on expenses, which has been discussed at great length, but I just want to understand how -- what is actually funding these growth initiatives. Is it strictly the benefit of the top-line growth that's occurring in some measure? Or is it coming from efficiency savings that continue to be gained in other places?
Richard Davis: Well, in terms of you are speaking innovation particularly we just have that in the run rate for about seven or eight years its just something that would be easy to slowdown and thats the part of descending that we didnt. I cant underestimate enough when you have a acquiring payments business not just in issuing you get to work with the merchant not the commercial customer the merchant the one who sells stuff and then you get to bring your consumers in and we pilot and test all kinds of relationships and partnerships and we learn best practices, consumer preferences, merchant progresses and some of the stuff never makes it to the street because its really a bad idea but it looked good. So that we dont want to slowdown that's been in the run rate for Eric for as many years as I could remember so there is no new increased cost and as I said earlier things like our large brand reputation campaign we are going to launch this year will cost money we havent have the run rate so it is going to come impart from the efficiency program some we will give it back to the shareholders some we will keep for ourselves and investment in things people always wanted to do so that's kind of the way to think about it.
Eric Wasserstrom: Okay. And you've given I think very clear guidance about the first quarter, but has anything that's occurred in terms of portfolio acquisitions or other kinds of dynamics further disrupt what would be the typical quarterly cadence in terms of expense seasonality?
Richard Davis: That is all. You are right to ask that in fact I think in this quarter we are going to go back at our next opportunity to show and remind people how steady our fourth quarters are and how -- which quarter is strongest which one is weakest and how the linked quarters move and I am only saying that because it's a really it's so consistent you can set your watch by it and it is a probably a good way to go back and look.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Credit quality for you guys has been good and you continue to expect that it's going to remain very good, but the world is obviously starting to worry about bigger other things. So you guys don't have to worry so much about energy, but Rich, I'm just wondering -- I don't know if Bill's there -- but back in all of your industries and your subgroups, what are you starting to watch for? What, if anything, are you concerned could go the wrong way? We're certainly not seeing it in NPAs, delinquencies, et cetera, across the Company. So can you just tell us your underlying comfort in terms of how things are going and what you will be watchful of?
Richard Davis: I will have Bill answer that but I do want to call out what a good question that was because dealing with our Board of Directors we havent really focused on credit in many years and I'm putting it right back at the front runner because I want to start watching trends and we are going to watch competitors and were going to watch different buckets and tranches and we are going to learn a lot all of us by what's about to happen if we start learning about these small moves now dont look very big that they can be quite tell-tell of what is going to happen so you ask more questions like that because that's going I think give us a chance to I'll talk about risk profile and likely future losses but Bill why dont you answer the question and what's your -- more or so a word about after energy and precious metals.
Bill Parker: Yes I mean really it is the impacted areas in the country that we would look most closely at so if you think about the Dakota there is not a lot of people or infrastructure out there other than what's in the oil and gas but if you get to a state like Texas and the Houston area where it is a fairly energy dependent economy so you really look at a kind of newly unemployed trend and that's a thing that's going to generate potential delinquencies in the consumer portfolios and then that just has a ripple effect in terms of lower demand for small business both etcetera so we would focus very closely on watching the economies around the kind of the energy belt areas in the United States we do have as Richard said earlier were national and for real state national and our own card so we have been watching carefully we have not seen any impact yet even though we would be seeing 50,000 oil workers have lost their jobs in the last year or so but it really has not shown up and I feel bad but those are the kinds of things that we want every day.
Ken Usdin: Okay, and one follow-up just you guys talk a lot about the strength in the payments businesses and then we still have that offsetting potential benefit from the energy subsidy that's not quite coming through. So in terms of just payments growth and underlying, can you just talk about do you envision the energy subsidy starting to get spent? Or do you think that's just an ongoing drag in certain parts of the businesses and we're not quite seeing it offset to the positive in other?
Andy Cecere: This is Andy so I wouldnt say that the energy subsidy is being spent into a large degree so we are seeing steady growth in our card growth as you saw is very good we had a very good Christmas season the holiday season if you compare our contrasted our master card numbers would show up from Black Friday through Christmas Eve would say of 7.9% growth that was just over 10% growth which is better than it was last year but it's not substantially better so we are good and steady but we are not seeing all the dollars saved on the energy side moving to spend on the consumer side.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Terry McEvoy of Stephens.
Terry McEvoy: I was wondering if you could just talk about the headwinds to credit and debit card revenue in 2016 just from lower equipment sales that kind of were up in Q3. You mentioned they were down a bit in Q4. And then maybe just as a follow-on, that same question on revenue given lower gas prices and what that does to the fleet vehicle card at Elavon?
Richard Davis: Right so actually the spend activity on merchant terminals peak in the third quarter came down about 1% or 2% in the fourth quarter and I would expect it to be fairly level going into 2016. There is still a number of merchants who have been purchasing terminals that we would expect to steady state without occurring but the headwinds so to speak as you described it was about a 1.5% to 2% in the fourth quarter but I dont expect there is a lot of further headwind going into 2016.
Terry McEvoy: And then just a quick question for Kathy, the tax rates kind of jumped around. Could you give us a little insight into full-year 2016 for the tax rate?
Kathy Rogers: Yes, you're right, the tax rate did rise in the fourth quarter and that was principally due to the fact that we had some mix change in our tax credit business so as I look out into 2016 I'd put that rate in the kind of in that 28% to 29% range and as I've said today we're probably right in the middle of that range.
Operator: This concludes our Q&A portion for today's call. I will now turn the call back over to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Richard Davis: Thank you for listening to this review of our fourth quarter 2015 and full year 2015 results. Please contact us if you have any follow-up questions. Have a good day.
Bill Parker: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-15 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Richard Davis - Chairman, President and CEO Kathy Rogers - Vice Chairman and CFO Sean OConnor - Director, IR Andy Cecere - Vice Chairman and COO Bill Parker - Vice Chairman and Chief Risk Officer
Analysts: Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets John McDonald - Bernstein Paul Miller - FBR Ken Usdin - Jefferies Bill Carcache - Nomura John Pancari - Evercore ISI Vivek Juneja - JPMorgan Chris Mutascio - KBW Nancy Bush - NAB Research
Operator: Welcome to the U.S. Bancorps Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Richard Davis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Kathy Rogers, U.S. Bancorps Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately noon, Eastern Daylight Time through Wednesday, October 22nd at 12 midnight, Eastern Daylight Time. I will now turn the conference call over to Sean OConnor, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Sean OConnor: Thank you, Melisa, and good morning to everyone who has joined our call. Richard Davis, Kathy Rogers, Andy Cecere and Bill Parker are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorps third quarter 2015 results and answer your questions. Richard and Kathy will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of the slide presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at usbank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during todays call are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on page two of todays presentation in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard Davis: Thank you, Sean, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining our call. I will begin our review of U.S. Banks results with a summary of the quarters highlights on page three of the presentation. U.S. Bancorp reported net income of $1.5 billion for the third quarter of 2015, a record $0.81 per diluted common share, a 3.8% increase year-over-year. I was particularly pleased this quarter by the continued momentum in our payments business, specifically our retail card and merchant processing services, the stabilization of our net interest margin and a returnable linked quarter loan growth to our typical range of 1% to 1.5%. During the quarter, we returned our student loan portfolio from held-for-sale to held-for-investment. Subsequent to recognizing a market adjustment on the portfolio, related to disruption in student loan market. Excluding these student loan balances, total average loans grew 1.3% on a linked quarter basis. In addition, we continued to experience strong growth in total average deposits, which included consumer net new account growth of 3.1%. Credit quality continues to remain strong. Total net charge-offs and total non-performing assets both declined on a year-over-year basis and on a linked quarter basis. And finally, our capital position remains solid. We continue to generate significant capital this quarter and were able to return 80% of our earnings to shareholders in the third quarter, through a combination of our dividend and repurchase of 16 million shares of common stock. Slide four provides you with a five-quarter history of our performance metrics, and they remain among the best in the industry. Return on average assets in the third quarter was 1.44%, and return on average common equity was 14.1%. Moving over to the graph on the right, you can see that this quarters net interest margin of 3.04% was essentially flat with the previous quarter margin of 3.03% as expected. This reversed a declining trend in linked quarter margin that has occurred over the past several quarters and which is principally driven by a shift in the mix of our loan portfolio. Our efficiency ratio for the third quarter was 53.9%. We expect this ratio to remain in the low 50s going forward as we continue to manage expenses in a challenging economic environment. During the third quarter, we expanded our prudent FTE management focus and introduced a renewed emphasis on other discretionary spending. We anticipate our efforts related to these initiatives will begin to reflect positive momentum as we move through quarter four and into 2016. While we anticipate our non-interest expense will be higher on a year-over-year basis in quarter four, we expect the increase will be lower than the year-over-year increase reported in the last several quarters as a result of our actions were taking to reduce discretionary spending using technology to reduce certain traditional expenses and focusing our spending on more productive activities. This is being accomplished through FTE actions as well as programs that will reduce travel cost by effectively using video and teleconferencing, increasing our use of airfare and hotel discounts and eliminating most discretionary travel. Were also expanding the use of electronic communications internally and with our customers to reduce spending in printing and postage. Additionally, we began to evaluate professional service and contract labor arrangement and we expect to see improved efficiencies as resources are more appropriately allocated. Well continue to leverage this efficiency effort to drive further opportunities for more prudent and efficient spending as we move through 2016. While prudent expense management remains a priority for our Company, we also continue to focus on revenue growth, which includes investing in businesses and products that will yield a high level of return. This philosophy is and has been a strength on how we manage our Company and this focus will continue going forward. Moving onto slide five, I want to highlight some notable impacts to our earnings. The third quarter of 2015 included several previously disclosed unrelated items that combine relatively neutral to earnings. Specifically the Company recognized a gain from the sale of Visa Class B common stock of approximately $135 million. This was partially offset by a $58 million market valuation adjustment to write down the value of our student loan portfolio that was previously held for sale. The quarter also included approximately $60 million of elevated expenses due to the mortgage related compliance and the company-wide talent upgrade. Turning to slide six, the Company reported total net revenue in the third quarter of $5.1 billion, a 1.6% increase from the prior year excluding the impact of this quarters recent sale and the student loan market adjustments. The revenue momentum we are seeing is primarily due to our growing balance sheet and growth in a number of our fee related businesses, including payments. Kathy will now give a few more details about our third quarter results.
Kathy Rogers: Thanks Richard. Average loan and deposit growth is summarized on slide seven. Average total loans outstanding increased by over $9 billion or 3.8% year-over-year and 1.3% linked quarter excluding student loan. Again this quarter, the increase in average loans outstanding on a year-over-year basis was led by strong growth in average total commercial loans of 9.5%. Total average revolving commercial and commercial real estate commitment continued to grow at a fast pace, increasing year-over-year by 8.9%; line utilization remained similar to the previous quarter. On a linked quarter basis, consumer loans have begun to grow at a pace stronger than wholesale loans driven by growth in our residential mortgage portfolio and continued strength in our home equity and auto lending businesses. This mix of loan growth is a key factor in the stabilization of our net interest margin. Residential mortgages were relatively flat year-over-year and increased 1.4% on a linked quarter basis, reversing a declining trend recognized over the previous quarter. Averaged credit card loans increased 1.1% year-over-year and were up 1.9% on a linked quarter basis. Total other retail loans grew 5.6% year-over-year and 1.9% over the prior quarter excluding the student loans. The increase was mainly driven by steady growth in auto loans and continued positive momentum in home equity loans which grew 0.8% linked quarter. We would expect loan growth to continue in a 1% to 1.5% range in quarter four. Total average deposits increased almost $19 billion to 6.9% over the same quarter of last year and 1.4% over the previous quarter. Growth to non-interest bearing and low-cost interest checking, money market and saving deposits was particularly strong on a year-over-year basis, offsetting the run-off of maturing large dollar time deposit. Turning to slide eight and credit quality, total net charge-offs declined 1.4% on a linked quarter basis and 13.1% on a year-over-year basis. The ratio of net charge-offs to average loans outstanding was 46 basis points in the third quarter. Non-performing assets decreased by 0.6% on a linked quarter basis and 18.5% from the third quarter of 2014. During the third quarter, we released $10 million of reserves compared to $25 million in the third quarter of 2014 and $15 million in the second quarter of 2015. Given the mix and quality of our portfolio, we currently expect total non-performing assets to remain relatively stable in the fourth quarter of 2015 and the level of net charge-offs to increase modestly in the fourth quarter of 2015, principally due to the expectation of a lower level of recoveries. Slide nine gives a view of our third quarter 2015 results versus comparable time period. As mentioned, our diluted EPS of $0.81 was 3.8% higher than the third quarter of 2014 and 1.3% higher than the prior quarter. The $18 million or 1.2% increase in net income year-over-year was principally due to higher net interest income and non-interest income offset by higher non-interest expense. On a linked quarter basis, net income was higher by $6 million or 0.4%, mainly due to increases in net interest income and non-interest income, partially offset by higher non-interest expense. Turning to slide 10, net interest income increased year-over-year by $73 million or 2.7%. The increase was a result of growth in average earning assets of 6.6% partially offset by a lower net interest margin. The net interest margin of 3.04% was 12 basis points lower than the third quarter of 2014. The decline was principally due to a change in loan portfolio mix as well as growth in the investment portfolio at lower average rate and lower reinvestment rates on investment securities. Net interest income increased $51 million on a linked quarter basis, primarily due to higher average total loans and an additional day in the quarter. The net interest margin of 3.04% was 1 basis-point higher than the second quarter. The increase in net interest margin was principally due to growth in earning assets including a shift in loan mix weighted more to consumer loans and continued deposit growth partially offset by an increase in lower rate investment securities along with lower reinvestment portfolio rates. We currently expect that the net interest margin will be relatively stable in the fourth quarter. Slide 11 highlights non-interest income which increased $84 million or 3.7% year-over-year. The year-over-year increase in non-interest income was primarily due to the third quarter 2015 Visa gain of approximately $135 million partially offset by the $58 million student loan market value adjustment. The remaining increase in non-interest income was principally due to higher commercial products revenue, trust and investment management fees, credit and debit card revenues, and merchant processing services. Partially offsetting these favorable variances was $36 million decrease in mortgage banking revenue primarily due to an unfavorable change in evaluation of mortgage servicing rights, net of hedging activity. Momentum in our payments business was reflected in our third quarter results. Credit and debit card fees grew 7.2% on a year-over-year basis, principally driven by higher volume compared to 2.7% growth year-over-year in the second quarter. We would expect that credit card fees in quarter four will continue to grow in line with volume. Merchant processing revenue increased 3.4% year-over-year, 8.5% excluding the impact of foreign currency rate changes. This increase compares to year-over-year growth of 7.6% in quarter two. The growth was driven by higher transaction volume, account growth and equipment sales to merchants related to new chip card technology requirement. We would expect that quarter four year-over-year growth in merchant fees will be modestly lower than the growth recognized in quarter three as equipment sales related to the new chip card technology requirements will begin to slow. On a linked quarter basis, non-interest income was higher by $54 million or 2.4% principally due to higher other income in commercial product revenue as well as seasonally higher corporate payment products revenue and deposit service charges partially offset by lower mortgage banking revenue. We currently expect mortgage fees to be down 5% to 15% on a linked quarter basis in quarter four due to typical seasonality. It is very early in the quarter and well update guidance as the quarter progresses. The other income increase was due to higher equity gains including the Visa gain offset by student loan, market adjustment and lower trading gain. Moving to slide 12, non-interest expense increased year-over-year by $161 million or 6.2%. The increase was mainly due to higher compensation expense, reflecting the impact of merit increases and higher staffing for risk and compliance activity, higher employee benefits expense mainly due to higher pension costs and higher marketing and business development expense. On a linked quarter basis, non-interest expense increased by $93 million or 3.5%. As expected linked quarter expense increased due to the seasonal lift in tax credit amortization included in other expense, and an increase in expense related to the quarter two partner reimbursements that did not repeat in quarter three which are principally reflected in printing and supplies expense. The remaining increase was primarily due to increases in other expense related to mortgage servicing and talent upgrade costs and compensation expense principally reflecting the impact of an additional day in the quarter and increases in variable compensation. As we look to quarter four, we do expect an increase in linked non-interest expense as seasonally higher tax credit amortization will be partially offset by a reduction in expense related to the elevated mortgage servicing and talent upgrade costs that were included in quarter three expense. The normal seasonal increase in tax credit amortization expense is expected to be in a range of $65 million to $75 million, slightly higher than trends observed in the same period of last year. Turning to slide 13, as Richard mentioned, our capital position remains strong. We returned 80% of our earnings to shareholders; dividends accounted for 32% while stock repurchases accounted for the remaining 48%. Our common equity tier 1 capital ratio estimated using the Basel III standardized approach as is fully implemented at September 30th was 9.2%. At 9.2%, we are well above the 7% Basel III minimum requirement. Our intangible book value per share rose to $17.20 at September 30th, representing the 9.8% increase over the same quarter of last year and a 2.4% increase over the prior quarter. Ill now turn the call back to Richard.
Richard Davis: Thank you, Kathy. Im very proud of our third quarter results. We reported a record EPS, maintained our industry leading performance measures and reported a 19% return on tangible common equity in the quarter. Were operating from a position of strength as we grow revenue, as we manage expenses, as we seek to exceed customer expectations, and as we create value for our shareholders in the demanding marketplace. As we head into the final quarter of the year, we remain focused on delivering consistent, predictable and repeatable financial results for the benefit of our customers, our employees, our communities and our shareholders. That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Kathy, Bill and I would now be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Your first question comes from Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets.
Jon Arfstrom: Richard, just a question for you; just take your temperature on loan growth and how are you feeling about the outlook. Youre right down the middle this quarter, just wonder there is anything out there that makes you any more or less optimistic as you look to Q4 and to 2016 in terms of loan grow?
Richard Davis: I would say just more of the same which is not pessimistic but its not uber optimistic either. I mean were seeing a nice transition to consumers getting more steady in their spending patterns. I think well see a nice seasonal lift in credit cards in the fourth quarter. Auto loans as you know remain strong. Our Bank has been benefited by a strong home equity growth of portfolio and not having some other run-offs that other portfolios have had. So, you will continue to see I think all cylinders on consumer growth. And that will be a nice challenge to probably an equal growth well continue to see in C&I and CRE as well as small business. So, what you saw this quarter is probably the optimal work here for a while which is a nice 1% to 1.5% linked quarter probably even on both commercial and wholesale which gives us a nice blend for the margin. I would say the competitiveness on the rates are pretty steady and were not seeing an undue amount of pressure except in the middle market C&I space, everything else seems to be managing itself pretty well. The one area that were not growing right now is CRE. I certainly mentioned this time we talked that its an area that we think has some undue risk in it; its a pretty overheated market in not just certain locations but tenures and the terms and the recourse non-recourse decisions that some banks are making and were not going to participate in that. So dont be disappointed if you dont see commercial real estate grow a great deal. Well probably hold our own and keep our market share but thats an area were going to keep particularly close eye on. And then finally areas of real opportunity, the small business category still looks good especially under the $350,000 level. Real small businesses feeling that theyve got some real value now or some real cash flow either from their own personal circumstances or from their own business. And were starting to see a higher percentage of take up on that, both SPA and traditional small business. And I think our market share continues to reflect the growth in the last couple of quarter. So, a lot more of the same, the catalyst I think is Ive said before will be the real movement in interest rates. The first mover impact which I think will trigger quite an impact on these C&I and the larger company space for the one and not miss the opportunity to get lock in rates before they start moving up at no matter what speed but until then its just kind of more what youre seeing. Well get it out in the marketplace with prime only quality loans at a pricing advantage that I think we continue to be able to benefit from.
Jon Arfstrom: And then just a follow-up on what you just said, this is the first time weve seen loan yields relatively flat and earning assets yields relatively flat. How are you feeling about just pricing in the competitive environment?
Richard Davis: Andy, why dont you give him that?
Andy Cecere: I think as Richard mentioned, in the large corporate space, I would say pricing is relatively stable; middle market can be aggressive because fewer competitors can make a difference there. And the other area on the retail side of the equation is auto lending, continues to be fairly competitive in terms of pricing. Other than those categories relatively stable.
Operator: Thanks. We have John McDonald with Bernstein.
John McDonald: Just wondering on the expense side, Richard, is there any way to size the potential opportunity from the increased focus on the non-FTE expense?
Richard Davis: Yes. You got the question too. Listen, first of all, were going to be very careful on not heading where we shouldnt. And I am not -- were still a long-term company, so were not going to make big mistakes here and over manage this. But I will tell you that this discretionary addition to our otherwise prudent FTE impacts is going to start showing itself for the first time in quarter four and were going to get that a range of $10 million to $15 million benefit that we wouldnt have had if weve not started this effort. 2016, were in the middle of the planning process; so it will obviously be more than that but its going to be thoughtful. And I think you all know that were giving you our efforts to get back to positive operating leverage on an annual basis. Then as you look into plan next year, thats our goal is to make it a positive operating leverage. But at the same token, I dont want to starve the future and find out that we over manage something and got this company back to really where it was 10 years ago where we were just investing. So, were going to be thoughtful about it but its got real impact but not huge in quarter four. And then well have a better idea to give you since later this quarter as we look to 2016 and see what kind of impacts the cumulative facts of all that can be. But I assure you, were going to continue invest in places we need to and where the ROI is good. I dont see an expense; Ive seen investment and well continue to be thoughtful on that distinction.
John McDonald: So, dont want to box you into a corner to really on next year, but just want to kind of get sense of your conviction level on the ability to deliver the positive operating leverage without rates. Back in September at the conference you kind of said, hey, now I dont care. Is it something you feel like pretty good about being able to deliver or really going to depend a lot on the environment still?
Richard Davis: What I said was I care less, not I dont care, I do care. The fact is that were going to put into our plan an expectation for very, very nominal number and size of rate increases which much less weve had in the years past, so nominal that its very small that to the extent that that occurs and in case nothing happens, we will struggle to get positive operating leverage. To the extent that anything happens, were going to build a plan to give it very close to that, so that we can approximate revenue growth and expense growth to be somewhere near the same where revenue slightly outpaces it. And there is a reasonable amount of increases or sooner than later, then well have much bigger opportunity to provide much more positive operating leverage. But were building it to be right at the line so that we can deliver back to what we committed, start growing the Bank that way again and then any benefits we get will be a bonus. But do we need one or two, John, over the next 15 months but we dont need much more than that; we dont need them all right now and they dont need to be big.
John McDonald: And then just on the idea of if rates stay low, revenue environment stays challenging, does the idea of bank acquisitions get more attractive for you Richard? And can you just elaborate what you said about kind of statute of limitations and kind of legal risks as a barrier to you are doing deals?
Richard Davis: Good memory. I told you that I think the statute in our head kind of ends in 17. So I dont think 16 is going to be a year where youll see us jumping into big bank deals or big branch deals. But we do love the non-capital, the business of fees and trust. And you saw recent acquisition we made of the Auto Club card portfolio, there are more where that came from John and those are very attractive deals; they are bolt-on; theyre low capital. But for the provision, you need to put in front of them. And the small conversion task is a good way to grow the balance sheet and well continue to see opportunities there. So, I think 16 looks like the tail end of the last four, five years and then 17 probably becomes the time well start looking at more traditional bank deals. And frankly, we dont really feel we need them right now. Our deposit growth is steady; our customer growth patterns are steady; our relationships are getting deeper and weve always said wanted double down where we are; more than grow where we arent. And so far thats working for us. And I dont feel like were starved at all by not being able to do that.
John McDonald: Are there other things that you need to get to that in terms of before you can do deals in terms of regulatory check list and things like that?
Richard Davis: I dont think we -- we dont think there is an environment where thats going to necessarily impair our interest. I think we have to watch for the trailing risk that I mentioned before especially inheriting it from that you didnt you create yourself and you also want to spend time making sure that everything you have in your houses in good order, but I dont see anything new on the horizon or any new information that would change our appetite.
Operator: We have Paul Miller with FBR.
Paul Miller: Where are you at on -- I know on acquisitions and what do you see out there; are things loosening up a little bit or some of the improvement -- and what type of size you think you can go after at this point?
Richard Davis: Paul, I dont know that they are any more attractive than they have been in the last few years. I think there are certain boards sitting around boardrooms saying at smaller sizes are we going to make it at this level, can we afford with our scale to be profitable; that might change a little bit. But were not seeing an intensely different environment that weve seen in the last eight quarters, not more players, not higher quality players, not more desperate players. And our attraction, our interest is low. So maybe thats because were saying were not interested, were not getting a lot of bites. But were not denying anything that we think is too good to pass. And I actually dont think -- I am not attracted to other banks right now. I just for all the reasons you mentioned -- I mentioned to you before, this year positioning in this moment in time. Its enough to carry your entire balance sheet across the goal line when interest rates are low and deposits dont have value, but they are going to be valuable one day again and youre going to be glad you have all of those deposit gather in place. We have 3,186 right now; thats probably quite enough for us. I am just not -- were not seeing an attraction on our part and no one is coming out for us with a different or better story.
Paul Miller: Are you seeing any communities or some of the small areas struggling with the low oil prices especially in some of this -- some areas youre in with the -- couldnt get it out, the frac, I couldnt get it out?
Richard Davis: There are markets that we have business like Lewiston and Williston and those parts of the Dakotas, which is like the old gold rush; things start slowing down, the town moves downstream. We dont do much business there anyway; we didnt set up any locations; we didnt create infrastructure because we didnt think it was sustainable. And for the most part becoming mostly a Midwest and West Coast company, were outside of the Texas Panhandle and down of the Gulf Coast. And so thats for a few customers that might have some tension tertiary impacts to energy, we really dont have anything at our gun sites and none of our communities are struggling in that category either based on the consumer or the small business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Just following up on the fee side, just want to ask you guys to remind us, youre getting towards better comps on a year-over-year basis in some of these fee areas. Can you kind of walk us through in addition to mortgage in the fourth quarter to be mindful of what are the plus and minus seasonalities and where are you seeing kind of better comps versus still some challenges to face on the fee side?
Andy Cecere: Hi Ken, this is Andy. In the fourth quarter, I would expect to see continued strength in our merchant processing a little lower on a linked quarter basis because as Kathy mentioned, we have very strong equipment sales in the third quarter that will continue at a lower level in the fourth quarter. But the year-over-year comps will continue to be very favorable. Card is always positive in the fourth quarter. Corporate Payments is down a little bit because the third quarter is the big quarter for that one. Trust is going to be dependent a little bit upon the markets, so there is the market impact to that, the S&P market impacts fees overall. And then mortgage fees I would expect to be modestly down in the fourth quarter. Typical seasonality in the fourth quarter is down 5% to 15%.
Ken Usdin: So, when I think about all of that, is it kind of just naturally just going to be a little bit tougher for fee growth just given those couple of normal fourth quarter seasonalities plus mortgage?
Andy Cecere: I think if you take out the couple of unusual items that we had this quarter, the Visa gain and the student loan impact, I would expect moderate growth on a linked quarter basis.
Ken Usdin: And then secondly in terms of the ability to kind of hold the margin flattish from here, are we now done with kind of investment portfolio build? I know a lot of it will still be dependent on deposit growth which continues to be pretty good, but what are you doing as far as the rate environment and investment portfolio builds and mix?
Kathy Rogers: This is Kathy. So, as you know from an investment portfolio perspective, we are at our LCR coverage ratio. So, any activity that youll see in our investment portfolio along with sales will be in line with balance sheet. So I dont expect a significant amount there. We will continue to see some impact from the reinvestment rate through; however as some of those securities pay down and we reinvest, that will come on at a bit lower spread than what we had before. Although that mitigated a bit for us in third quarter, well take our eyes on fourth quarter in the rate environment. So I think really what causes us to think about stable margin as we go into fourth quarter, this continued mix of our loan portfolio. So, as the consumer loans are -- and we expect them to continue to be a bigger piece of the growth on a linked quarterly basis, that will guide us to stable margins as we look into quarter four.
Operator: The next question is from Bill Carcache with Nomura.
Bill Carcache: Richard, I had a high level strategic question for you on Elavon. Clearly, its a very high return generating business that contributes nicely to your profitability, but there are number of publicly traded merchant acquirers out there trading in around 25 times or so on forward earnings and thats arguably not a valuation that Elavon is getting inside of USB. And weve gotten some questions from investors whove been wondering whether there is an opportunity there for you guys to unlock some value by spinning it off, particularly with what weve seen from some other banks who have spun out their acquiring businesses and theyre actually doing quite well today and weve got some other IPOs happening now. And just kind of with all of that as a backdrop, can you speak to how you think about that?
Richard Davis: First of all Bill, this has actually come up before; I think its maybe five or six years ago in the earlier stages of my CEO time. And as it turns out, we just have to go back around and describe not only the merits of having that kind of business in a bank but connected to the bank. So first of all, were an acquirer but were also an issuer and with that combination comes a remarkable benefit that an acquirer alone doesnt have. And so we can do the testing, we can do the modeling; weve talked about close loops before. Everything we want to pilot or understand about consumer and merchant behavior is we can test both sides of that and there is an amazing amount of value to that that I would strongly want to connect to. The second piece is we do a lot of that business for our own customers. So instead of having to outsource an acquiring position to our retailers or our small merchant, we actually provide that service to them directly. I think still some banks provide insurance and they do it directly to their customers; we do the merchant acquiring. And maybe as importantly, we do this for hundreds and hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of smaller banks across the nation. And the smaller bank, if I were a smaller bank and I used to work at one, I would trust the capabilities and the -- Ill call the regulatory understanding of the environment another bank more than the non-bank. So we get a lot of benefits by being a bank doing business for other banks with white label and private label that we call it there merchant servicing. But with it comes an amazing flow of new business and highly retained customers by being a bank to other banks. So all that is probably not unlocked as you said but its certainly a part and parcel of the why we think this business is great, why we want to keep growing it. It has international feeling too, so Ive got a nice natural hedge now with all the business we do in Europe and in Central and South America. There is no reason that cant continue to grow as long as the economic social impacts are understood. And so the volatility of the foreign exchange, we have no other risk because its a 24-hour settlement. So, its a great business. We love it. The cost of entry for other banks is quite prohibitive. So, I want to stick with it; stay with it; grow with it. But if I were to dis-couple from the bank, it would become more germane to a standalone merchant acquirer that has none of the benefits I just described.
Bill Carcache: If I may separately, can you share any thoughts on where the non-operating deposits at some of the larger banks have been deemphasizing or going? And are you guys actively doing anything to either keep those away or perhaps could you potentially see value in them?
Andy Cecere: Our deposit base is principally operating. We have been very good about managing the core there. We dont have some of those non-operating more fluctuating higher volatility deposits. So that has not been an issue for us, so we have not been turning any away. Weve been working with our customers. And again for the most part ours are operating in core.
Bill Carcache: And is the deposit growth that you guys have been seeing just kind of a result or are you guys actively kind of managing that growth? It kind of stands out because your deposit growth still is exceeding your loan growth and were actually seeing that at the system level that thats no longer the case; loan growth has now started to exceed deposit growth. I am just wondering if that was something that you guys were actively trying to drive.
Kathy Rogers: No, were really -- were not actively managing any kind of deposit growth or as Andy said, were not looking at getting out of any deposits either on our books. So really what you see in our deposit growth is what -- just the core growth that were seeing from our consumer -- our customer base. And I will say that really is across all the categories in our wholesale and our consumer. And keep in mind that we do have that strong base of deposits within our corporate trust area. So, we do see deposit growth really across the Company and its really just a reflection of what our customers are doing.
Richard Davis: Were all going to have to get ready for this moment when deposits start to flow out of banks and we should celebrate it. Youre all going to want to measure the beta and who loses the most and whats the retention factor, well all be prepared for that. But we really do want to see customers use their deposits; theyre back up to a savings level now that hasnt been seen in 12 years. Thats great for America but now we want them to use that. And all the field pricing for the most part benefits seem to have gone into savings in some form of either paying down debt or saving it in the bank, which great, which is great, but we all do want to see that start to move because as weve said before, the first canary in the mind is deposits go down; secondly lines of credit that are already extended but not used get used and then eventually a loans of loan start to happen. Thats how the cycle reverses itself. Were still not there and honestly I will be the first to cheer when deposits start to flow out because consumerism starts and because the economy is really back up and running.
Bill Carcache: Do you see Richard, a scenario where that competition for deposits could potentially intensify perhaps even before the Fed raises rates or is it kind of a function of the Fed having to raise rates first?
Richard Davis: Yes, its going to be definitely not before, not even at that moment; it will be later when either somebody has decided, they miss guided themselves in this quieter period and got rid of their deposit gathering options and need to go out and price up for it or there will be a bank or two to that wants to get clever and creative and try to get the market movement and do these laddering programs and these guarantees and things that we never did before and wouldnt recommend in the future. But those kinds of behaviors I think youll see but they wont happen now and they wont happen even at the point of great increase. They will happen when people start to realize deposit start to matter again and theyll have to decide to get hungry for an avenue they might have closed off.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pancari with Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: On the margin, got your guidance for fourth quarter for stable; on 2016, just want to see if you can give us a little bit of color there. Do you expect that the margins should hold relatively stable through 16 as well or do you think pricing competition can still have a bit of effect on that?
Kathy Rogers: John, were guiding into the fourth quarter and I would be hesitant to guide out past that. But what I would say is if we continue -- the loan mix of our portfolio growth with consumer growing a little bit higher at higher spreads and we see on the wholesale, I think that coupled with just our reinvestment rate impact on securities is kind of starting to narrow a bit. There is similar or those things continue as we move into 2016, I would think that we would have similar type expectations. But at this point were looking quarter-to-quarter and as we said probably stable into quarter four.
John Pancari: And then separately, just wanted to get your updated thoughts for -- or the updated strategy around mortgage banking basically through the standpoint of how much you plan to still push production there and then your retention strategy versus originate to sell.
Andy Cecere: So, if its a qualifying mortgage Freddie or Fannie, we will sell that. It is a better financial decision from our perspective to originate and sell those mortgages. If it is a jumble or non sellable mortgage, well put down on the balance sheet; weve been a little bit more aggressive with that particularly with our own customers have talked about that. So, that would be our expectation. Weve gone from about 21st in terms of size to fifth or sixth and I would expect us to continue to be in that range. Our particular emphasis is to put more branch distribution as a focus in terms of our core growth. And that is something that we continue to drive and are successful and increasing. So, I expect to see us grow aftermarket grabs little bit above the market particularly focused on branch and if its sellable, we will sell it.
John Pancari: Last question is just around the reserve, edged a little bit lower this quarter by a few bps. Do you think all things equal that should still see that reserve to loan ration edge lower over the next couple of quarters as well?
Richard Davis: Bill, do you want to take that?
Bill Parker: Sure, I can take that. So, were getting to the point where our reserve release has been de minimis really and we have to weigh the balance of continued improving loan quality versus loan growth. So, were looking at a point now where we -- were probably flattened out to seeing some increases in the wholesale area and the one area where there is still some potential for credit opportunity, reserve opportunities in residential mortgage. But were just about at that point where those -- that mix is flattening out and I expect that will eventually have to provide for loan growth.
Operator: The next question comes from Vivek Juneja with JPMorgan.
Vivek Juneja: Hi, couple of questions for you folks. Firstly, the equipment sales in merchant processing that you were talking about, how much of that is due to the new EMV adoption by merchants and when does that get done?
Andy Cecere: Vivek, this is Andy. So the acceleration, the increase is principally due to that EMV. We always sell equipments in any particular quarter, its higher in this quarter and last quarter, I would expect it to continue at least for quarter or two, perhaps not at the levels we saw in the third quarter, but it is principally due to that acceleration because merchants are buying chip enabled terminals.
Vivek Juneja: Thats what I thought that it probably accelerated. And the card portfolio you acquired from Auto Club, what was that was in this quarter and how much were the receivables on that Andy?
Andy Cecere: It was $525 million right at the end of the quarter. So, no impact in quarter three; youll see that impact in quarter four.
Vivek Juneja: 525 million?
Richard Davis: The portfolio looks exactly like our portfolio. I mean from charge-offs to revolve, average spend; its right down the fairway and its a complete continuation of the kind of service that we provide that quality of customer.
Vivek Juneja: Is it like a private label type portfolio Richard or is it just a regular or co-branded or is it going to be more -- given that it says Auto Club; I would think or is this some kind of affinity type?
Richard Davis: Its an Auto Club branded card that is with our support and backing. So its on our balance sheet, our processing but Auto Club has the rewards that go along with it.
Vivek Juneja: One last thing, consumer banking, if I look at the efficiency ratio that has risen all throughout the last year. Can you talk a little bit about what -- any plans to bring that down or change the direction of that?
Andy Cecere: So Vivek, consumer banking is the most impacted business line by the low rate environment in terms of their earnings as we sit today. So, they have a lot of deposits. Those deposits on a relative basis are below the typical spreads and value that we have on a long-term basis. And that impact is whats driving their efficiency ratio. So as rates start to move, you will see that business line more than any other start to improve in terms of efficiency ratio.
Richard Davis: Thats why we could be wrong but at least were going to have the luxury of deciding later. But branch closures look very attractive now because theyre not only not very profitable, theyre actually going in the wrong direction as this long interest rate stays low and deposit values are much less than they will be in the future. But there will be a time when rates go back up. I know you and I are old enough to remember and deposits will be the governor on how many loans you can make. And thats the benefit were always going to have on these interlopers who are coming in with these great lending ideas. They dont have the deposits and we shouldnt give up the one thing we have which is deposits which will be the key driver. So for us, we have been rationalizing our branch system a lot. We dont look for headlines on it. Weve been retooling what happens in the branches all the things that you would expect us to do and closing where theyre necessary and opening with theyre necessary. But were by and large a believer in the branch network. We think its the best core deposits; its best quality customers we get from a branch referred loan or credit line. And yet right now, itd be a bad time to evaluate their value because at this point at the end of a long recession, theyre not very attractive.
Operator: The next question is from Chris Mutascio with KBW.
Chris Mutascio: I hate to do this to you. I was on another conference call that was running at the same time. Would you remind me hashing just briefly your opening comments about expenses and the kind of initiatives youre looking through?
Richard Davis: I think Ill just repeat it for everybody. What weve been doing for a year now is watching our FTE assets and be very prudent about where we add them. Weve recently gone through a rationalization program where our lower performers that were not performing just not the highest level given the importance of an FTE, weve now used a company program to do a talent upgrade and effectively use people out of the company. And on top of that, in the last quarter, we added this discretionary expense review which is the other half of the expense categories and started looking at where we dont need to be spending money at this point in time until rates move. And thats some we gave some color around. I said that in the quarter four it will be a $10 million to $15 million net benefit that we wouldnt have had if we hadnt taken that extra action. For 2016, it will obviously be more than that but were not ready to size it because I am also not going to necessarily give you guys a sense that all expenses stop because were just reallocating the right things and in some cases were going to be investing in places we have been in the past. So too early to rate for 16 but definitely net positive and our goal is to get to the positive operating leverage at the minimum annual level starting next year.
Chris Mutascio: I appreciate that and I do apologize for having to rehash that. My one follow-up, Kathy specific to fourth quarter, did you say that expenses will be up over third quarter, and if so was that up from the reported number of about 2.77 billion?
Kathy Rogers: Yes, I would say its up from a reported number and thats principally driven as we said by the fact that our tax credit amortization expense is -- quarter four is our seasonally highest increase related tax credit amortization expense. And we said that that would probably go up in the range of about 65 million to 75 million, similar to what we saw in previous trends. And then you could expect to see that increase being partially offset by some of the elevated costs that weve caught out here in quarter three.
Operator: And your final question is from Nancy Bush with NAB Research.
Nancy Bush: Richard, a couple; I cant remember if it was last quarter or the quarter before, you were sort of the last bank CEO to kind of throw in the towel and say that the economy was getting better, definitively better. Do you want to repeal that now?
Richard Davis: No, I dont remember being that strong. But I would say its not getting worse. I know I said that before. Undeniably its not getting worse. I mean things arent going backwards; people arent going in the direction of not investing; people arent afraid to buy cars; people arent afraid to use their credit line. I think for a more political discussion, there is the haves and have-nots right in the barbell of who is participating who is not as greater than it used to be. But being a prime only lender and being at a pretty high quality on the line of customers, were not impacted mostly by that and were feeling a small, slow, steady almost monotonous and Ill call tortuously flow improvement over the course of time. I do believe Nancy, Ive always believed it, I could be totally wrong and happy to be if I am but when the first rate moves, a real move, not a thought of it, not a predilection of it, not a guess of it; I do think that the corporate America starts to move quickly and theyll start to take advantage first because they have most to gain. And then I think theyll start to create some incentive -- create consumerism and I think were off to the races. I think for the first time business will drive out of the slow recovery than consumers. And Ill call it recovery because its not a recession; it still feels slow and very measured. So Im not writing home about it. Without interest rates moving, you just keep seeing us all doing a little more of what we were doing before, managing to the needs of customers who do have the wherewithal and do have the motives, still want to keep growing and benefiting in their lives but plenty of people arent playing yet and the savers are getting killed.
Nancy Bush: And a couple quarters before that you had said that you had a long list projects that you wanted to do and that you would start doing them as quickly as the interest rate environment turned but that you were being very cautious on taking on new projects in light of the expense control that was necessary. So, are there any of those projects that are on that list that need to get done, no matter what the interest rate environment is, particularly if this rate environment is going to go on longer than anybody had anticipated?
Richard Davis: Yes, there is two answers to that. One is mobile transitions to banking channels. Were sending money on that. Weve talked about our growth; our hundreds of people in Atlanta that work on those topics. I havent starved that one bit because that is the changing environment wherein we have to be a leader on that; were expected and we have to invest. So thats a good ROI in the long-term; its not a near-term ROI. The other one Nancy is were spending money on compliance. What Ive learned -- if youve heard my speech, its like weve gone from baggage handlers to pilots, same company. Baggage handlers every once in a while make a mistake and up until now its okay, no one loses their lives but pilot from the same company cant crash a plane. Id had to move all of our employees from baggage handlers to pilots. So, were still in that transition. So, regulators have required that of us as well. So Im spending money on either back office or more often than not technology to replace some of the error ridden places where human interaction creates an outcome that is not acceptable anymore. And that investments worth it, not because its a better product necessarily but because its a better compliance outcome, the safer way to earn when you dont have the potential of penalties and fines and risks. So those are two things that have not been touched. Other things would be the more attractive ways to just increase the capabilities we do in the back office that no one really sees but its just more elegant; less involvement where people have to touch customers where customers can self serve. All those things are -- some of those are nice to have; where they are not required, were holding back on those. And those would be the things well add back the minute we start seeing revenue growth.
Operator: Ill now turn the call back to Sean OConnor for closing remarks.
Sean OConnor: Thank you for listening to our review of third quarter results. And please contact me this afternoon if you have any follow-up questions. Thanks.
Richard Davis: Thanks, everybody.
Kathy Rogers: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-15 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Sean O'Connor - Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Kathy Ashcraft Rogers - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer Andrew J. Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer P. W. Parker - Vice Chairman and Chief Risk Officer
Analysts: Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets LLC Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP John Pancari - Evercore Group LLC Thomas LeTrent - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Erika P. Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Kenneth Michael Usdin - Jefferies LLC Chris M. Mutascio - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Kevin James Barker - Compass Point Research & Trading LLC Mike L. Mayo - CLSA Americas LLC Vivek Juneja - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jack Micenko - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP
Operator: Welcome to the U.S. Bancorp's Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Richard Davis, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and Kathy Rogers, U.S. Bancorp's Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today approximately noon, Eastern Daylight Time through Wednesday, July 22 at 12 AM midnight, Eastern Daylight Time. I will now turn the conference call over to Sean O'Connor, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Sean O'Connor - Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations: Thank you, Kalea, and good morning to everyone who has joined our call. Richard Davis, Kathy Rogers, Andy Cecere and Bill Parker are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorp's second quarter 2015 results and answer your questions. Richard and Kathy will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of the slide presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at usbank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on page two of today's presentation, in our press release, and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Sean. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining our call. I will begin with our review with U.S. Bank's results as a summary of the quarter's highlights are available on page three of the presentation. U.S. Bank reported net income of $1.5 billion for the second quarter of 2015, or a record $0.80 per diluted common share, a 2.6% increase year-over-year. Total average loans grew 4% year-over-year and 0.7% linked quarter, excluding student loans, which were reclassified to held for sale at the end of the first quarter. In addition, we continue to experience strong growth in total average deposits of 8.9% over the prior year and 2.6% linked quarter. Net new DDA account growth was especially strong this quarter, growing 4% annualized. Credit quality remains strong. Total net charge-offs decreased by 15.2% from the prior year and increased modestly from the previous quarter. The increase from the previous quarter is a result of lower recoveries. Total non-performing assets declined compared to both the prior year quarter and on a linked quarter basis. We continue to generate significant capital this quarter. Our common equity tier 1 capital ratio under the Basel III standardized approach as if fully implemented was 9.2% at June 30. I'm also pleased that we were able to return 76% of our earnings to shareholders in the second quarter through a combination of our dividend and the repurchase of 14 million shares of common stock. Slide four provides you with a five quarter history of our performance metrics. And they continue to be among the best in the industry. Return on average assets in the second quarter was 1.46%. Our return on average common equity was 14.3%. Moving over to the graph on the right, you can see that this quarter's net interest margin was 3.03%. Kathy will discuss the margin in more detail in a few minutes. Our efficiency ratio for the second quarter was 53.2%, lower than the prior quarter. We expect this ratio to remain in the low-50%s going forward as we continue to manage expenses in relation to revenue trends driven by the economic environment while continuing to invest in and grow our business. Turning to slide five, the company reported total net revenue in the second quarter of $5 billion, a 2.8% decline from the prior year. Excluding the prior year notable item, total net revenue increased 1.4%. The increase was due to the higher net interest income as well as strong growth in trust and investment management fees, merchant processing services and higher credit and debit card revenue, partially offset by lower mortgage banking revenue. I'm particularly pleased with the improving trends in our payments business, especially our merchant and credit card businesses, which Kathy will discuss in later detail. Average loan and deposit growth is summarized on slide six. Average total loans outstanding increased by over $9 billion or 4% year-over-year and 0.7% linked quarter, excluding student loans which were reclassified to held-for-sale at the end of the first quarter. Again this quarter, the increase in average loans outstanding was led by strong growth in average total commercial loans, which grew by 11% year-over-year and 2.1% over the prior quarter. Total average revolving commercial and commercial real estate commitments continue to grow at a fast pace, increasing year-over-year by 10.5% and 2% on a linked quarter basis. Line utilization was relatively flat in the second quarter. Residential mortgages declined 1.4% year-over-year and 0.6% on a linked quarter basis. Average credit card loans increased 1.3% year-over-year and were seasonally lower on a linked quarter basis. Total other retail loans grew 5.7% year-over-year and 1.7% over the prior quarter excluding student loans. The increase was mainly driven by steady growth in auto loans and continued positive momentum in the home equity loans, which grew 4.1% year-over-year. We expect average linked quarter loan growth to be back in the 1% to 1.5% range in the third quarter. Total average deposits increased $23 billion or 8.9% over the same quarter of last year and 2.6% over the previous quarter. Growth in low-cost interest checking, money market and savings deposits was particularly strong on a year-over-year basis. Turning to slide seven and credit quality, total net charge-offs declined 15.2% on a year-over-year basis and increased 6.1% from the previous quarter. The linked quarter increase resulted from lower recoveries. The ratio of net charge-offs to average loans outstanding was 48 basis points in the second quarter. Non-performing assets decreased by 7% on a linked quarter basis and 18.8% from the second quarter of 2014. During the second quarter, we released $15 million of reserves, equal to the prior quarter, and $10 million less than the second quarter of 2014. Given the mix and quality of our portfolio, we currently expect the level of net charge-offs and total non-performing assets to remain relatively stable in the third quarter of 2015. Kathy will now give you a few more details about our second quarter results.
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Richard. Slide eight gives you a view of our second quarter 2015 results versus comparable time periods. Our diluted EPS of $0.80 was 2.6% higher than the second quarter of 2014 and 5.3% higher than the prior quarter. The second quarter of 2014 included two previously disclosed notable items impacting other non-interest income and other non-interest expense that together had no impact on diluted EPS. The $12 million or 0.8% decrease in net income year-over-year was principally due to a reduction in net interest income related to the previously discussed wind-down of our checking account advance product that ended in the second quarter 2014, lower mortgage banking revenue primarily due to an unfavorable change in the valuation of mortgage servicing rights net of hedging activities, and an expected increase in non-interest expense excluding the prior year notable items. Partially offsetting these variances was a decline in the provision for credit losses. On a linked quarter basis, net income was higher by $52 million or 3.6% mainly due to increases in fee-based revenue. Turning to slide nine, net interest income increased year-over-year by $26 million or 0.9%. The increase was a result of growth in average earning assets of 9.1%, partially offset by lower net interest margin including lower loan fees. Approximately $40 million of the reduction in loan fees was due to the checking account advance product wind-down. The net interest margin of 3.03% was 24 basis points lower than the second quarter of 2014. The decline was primarily due to growth in the investment portfolio at lower average rates, as well as lower reinvestment rates on investment securities, lower loan fees due to the checking account advance product wind-down, lower rates on new loans and a change in loan portfolio mix, partially offset by lower funding costs. Net interest income was higher linked quarter principally due to an additional day in the current quarter relative to the prior quarter with higher average earning assets, offset by a lower net interest margin. The net interest margin of 3.03% was 5 basis points lower than the first quarter. The reduction in the net interest margin was principally due to continued change in loan portfolio mix, the impact of higher cash balances as a result of continued deposit growth along with growth in lower rate investment securities and lower investment portfolio reinvestment rates. We expect that the net interest margin will be relatively stable in the third quarter. Slide 10 highlights non-interest income, which declined $172 million or 7.0% year-over-year. Excluding the second quarter 2014 notable item, non-interest income increased year-over-year. We saw strong growth in trust and investment management fees and merchant processing services as well as higher credit and debit card revenue. As Richard mentioned, we are pleased with the improving growth trends in our merchant and retail card businesses. Merchant processing revenue, while up 2.9%, was negatively impacted by foreign currency rate changes. Excluding this impact, merchant processing fees grew approximately 7.6% on a year-over-year basis. This growth compared to approximately 5% year-over-year in the first quarter. Retail credit and debit card fees grew 2.7% on a year-over-year basis compared to 0.8% year-over-year in the first quarter. Credit and debit card volumes grew 7% in the second quarter. Retail credit and debit card fees continued to be negatively impacted on a year-over-year basis by the cost of rewards that were increasing in 2014. As we previously mentioned, we would expect this negative impact to dissipate in the second half of the year. Partially offsetting these favorable variances was a $47 million decrease in mortgage banking revenue primarily due to an unfavorable change in the valuation of mortgage servicing rights, net of hedging activities, which more than offset higher origination and sales revenue earned from the 34% increase in application volume. On a linked quarter basis, non-interest income was higher by $118 million or 5.5% principally due to seasonally higher fee revenue, and credit and debit card revenue, merchant processing services, and deposit service charges in addition to higher trust and investment management fees. Moving to slide 11, non-interest expense decreased year-over-year by $71 million or 2.6%. Excluding the second quarter 2014 notable item, non-interest income increased 5.1% year-over-year. The increase was mainly due to higher compensation expense reflecting the impact of merit increases, acquisitions, and higher staffing for risk and compliance activities and increased employee benefit expense mainly due to higher pension costs. On a linked quarter basis, non-interest income (sic) [non-interest expense] increased by $17 million or 0.6%. The increase is primarily due to increases in professional services due to mortgage servicing and compliance related matters, marketing and business development due to the timing of various marketing programs and compensation expense, principally reflecting the impact of merit increases. Partially offsetting these increases was a decrease in employee benefits expense, primarily resulting from the seasonally lower payroll taxes, and a decrease in other expenses mostly due to insurance-related recoveries. Prudent expense management remains a priority for our company. For example, our decision to hold FTE flat except for compliance needs in place since the beginning of 2014 remains in place today. We also continue to manage other discretionary expenses where appropriate, while continuing to make investments in businesses and products that will yield a high level of return. This philosophy is and has been a strength in how we manage our company and this focus will continue going forward. Turning to slide 12, our capital position remains strong. Our common equity tier 1 capital ratio estimated using the Basel III standardized approach as if fully implemented at June 30 was 9.2%. At 9.2%, we are well above the 7% Basel III minimum requirement. Our tangible book value per share rose to $16.79 at June 30, representing a 10% increase over the same quarter of last year, and a 1.8% increase over the prior quarter. Our return on tangible common equity was 20% for the second quarter. Turning to slide 13. In June, the board of directors declared a 4.1% increase in our common stock dividend. As a result, in the second quarter, we returned 76% of our earnings to shareholders. Dividends accounted for 32% of the return to shareholders, and the 14 million shares of stock we repurchased in the second quarter accounted for the remaining 44%. I will now turn the call back to Richard.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Kathy. I'm very proud of our second quarter results. We delivered solid financial performance in a challenging operating environment for financial institutions. We continued to achieve industry-leading performance measures. Because of the overall strength and consistency of our results, we returned 76% of our earnings to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks in the second quarter. As we move to the second half of 2015, I'm confident we will continue to deliver solid financial results. We'll continue to take the appropriate and effective actions including tighter expense management to ensure that we are meeting our value creation objectives for our customers and for our shareholders. That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Kathy, Bill and I would now be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Jon Arfstrom of RBC Capital Markets.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Jon.
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Hey, Jon.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Just a question on your last comment, Richard, you used the term tighter on expense management. Does that mean you're a little less optimistic on the revenue outlook or is it just basically a similar approach? Has anything changed?
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, yeah, I'm actually more optimistic on the revenue for the second half because things have turned the corner and I think you'll see, with NIM flattening out, with loan growth now, as I'm committing to well, at the 1% or higher because I can see already see that for quarter three, and the knowledge that our mortgages business is  the balance sheet is growing again, I think we are feeling quite good about revenue. What I'm still waiting for is the interest rate impact that would occur if the Fed increases rates. So if they don't, we're going to continue to put  keep in place this FTE hold we've had now for, as Kathy said, a year-and-a-half. That's worth, by the way, thousands of FTE that we haven't added and therefore we haven't had to talk about reducing either. And then all the discretionary things that we continue to do to keep ourselves at the efficiency level you come to expect. So revenues actually got a nice trajectory in the second half. Expenses will come down as we watch our nickels and dimes, but I will tell you the cost of compliance has erased a lot of the benefits I would otherwise hope to have gotten a year-and-a-half ago when we started this as we've continued to add the compliance personnel, audit personnel, and not just in those areas but in the front line where we have that same compliance responsibility that's gone up substantially. But expenses we'll continue to watch, Jon, like I promised. And I've always said that if we have to be more draconian, we will, but the FTE hold and watching our vacancies and things has served us pretty well so far.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Good. And then I guess one of the items you singled out in growth was the corporate business, and that seems to have been driving the growth. Talk to us a little bit about what's going on there; is this large corporate driving it? Or is it broader based?
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, it's way broader based. So in fact, much as I like the 2.1% linked quarter in C&I, that's one of our lowest quarters in the last six quarters and I'm actually kind of satisfied with that because we're now getting competing growth from the retail consumer side, which is what we've been long waiting for and that's why, one of our reasons we can say that the margin will start to flatten out because the mix will start to be balanced. So commercial business, the bond markets are driving balance reductions, because people are driving to the bond market, and so to still get 2.1% linked quarter means we're doing real business for real customers that have other needs that aren't just M&A related. We also see that more opportunity for us in the fee business given our involvement in that M&A market on the capital market side, which we didn't have, as you know, a few years ago. So that's a kind of twofer for us; if we can't get it in loan growth, we'll get it in fees. Syndication loan market is really strong. If you notice, we were in the top four on the investment grade league table this quarter. It's our first time we've broken into the top four, so we're seeing that as a business for us that's starting to pay dividends that we invested in a few years ago. So C&I is strong. Commercial real estate, that's not as strong. That's more flat for us; it was last quarter and it's going to be just slightly up in quarter three. We're okay with that because I've told you before, we see that as a market that can get overheated in the micro-market, so we're very careful in particular in where we do business. The coasts are doing the best based on the growth that's present and I think where some of the job growth, say, Atlanta, Denver, is driving new interest in office space and things like that. Construction is primarily apartments and office, not so much retail yet, but we are seeing a lot of that construction on the smaller end being done by cash, which is fine because we've been long saying that the first step towards a bank's balance sheet improvement is cash moving out of here to be used for growth, then lines of credit being used for growth, then new lines and loans being brought onto the balance sheet; and we're still in that first phase from what I can see. And then finally, Jon, bringing a little more color on loans altogether, the consumer side is doing quite nicely. Our auto loans are up 10% over the first quarter, and that's on a backdrop of a very strong auto market, as you have seen now, the projections continue to be very strong. And then our home equity, as I mentioned in my comments, are also strong. That's up 4.1%. And interestingly enough, these accounts are now coming at larger line sizes; people are using their home equity for home improvement and home repairs, some debt consolidation, but mostly improving the property. And they're using the balances now more than they did even a year ago. So we're starting to see some nick uptick. And you know we don't have that home equity bubble at the bank here that a lot of companies do, so we're not trying to offset that runoff. And then maybe lastly, because we brought it up last quarter, we did see some improvement in our balance sheet on the mortgage side. As you'll recall, on the jumbo mortgages, we agreed to become a little more market competitive on price. And in the last month of the second quarter, we saw the balance sheet starting to grow again and we hope that that will pursue itself into quarter three. It has a lot to do with what rates do, but our purchase to refi right now is 70/30 in the mortgage business. And if we can continue to get back to where that mortgage balance sheet is growing, at least slightly, that helps our total loan growth get back into that 1% to 1.5% range.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Good. Then you're saying you already have some visibility for a bit better growth in Q3? Okay.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We do. And a lot of that is  or I wouldn't be so strong in predicating that for you.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Sandler O'Neill.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Scott.
Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Good Morning, guys. Let's see, Richard or Kathy, I was hoping you could add a little to your response on the expense side in Jon's question there a second ago. Richard, are you suggesting that we're kind of at a high watermark for expense? I believe you said expenses would come down. I guess I'm just curious without doing something more draconian, where are they going to come down from? And just as we look out in the third quarter, I guess, you have between the  I think there was a vender reimbursement and then the insurance recovery about a cumulative $35 million or so of headwind, so where does that come out of and what's sort of that near-term outlook on that cost side?
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. So I'm going to call it more flattish. It's going to be close to what you see now, if anything  it's not coming down, so let's put it that way. But I don't see any material increases either. What's happening here is the cost of compliance is at its high watermark. As you know, we are a part of that mortgage foreclosure activity that we've extended and that's going to continue to cost us and we will continue to add compliance and audit in virtually every part of the company. So that's in there. Things that will come down to offset those headwinds are continued discretionary expense control that we just never talk about here. I mean we don't have a name for it. We don't bring people to tell us how to do it. We've got a real heavy tight rein right now on discretionary expenses, marketing, travel, things that are less necessary. And from FTE being flat for a year and a half and still doing quite well to taking things like vacancies, extending vacancies, moving those up and being very prudent about how we manage the quality of our people. So I may have mentioned last time that we're also getting a pretty thorough review of our low performing employees in the company. Since FTE needs to be flat, you have your right to use your FTE but you better have the best you can. So I am encouraging people to improve the bottom performers and trade them out and get the best quality staff we can as this recovery is about to hit us. So we can keep all that in general check. With revenue moving up, that's going to help our efficiency for sure. But I don't want to leave with fact we're going to take expenses down but I think they're at a place that you can watch for and a slightly potential increase over the next couple of quarters only because of the cost of compliance if I can't out run it with vacancies.
Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay. And that's perfect. Thank you. And then maybe if I could switch gears for just a second, could you maybe expand upon the thoughts you had in your prepared remarks just in the payments businesses, just trying to distinguish how much of the better performance this quarter was the typical seasonal boost versus what I kind of interpret it as sort of a more  kind of more constructive commentary about how those businesses are going just...
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. You heard it right. I'm going to give Kathy the detail, but I want to say, last quarter, the payments businesses weren't that robust. In part, by the way, it was the FX which is hard to describe. It sounds like an excuse, but in other companies, it's a real impact and then it affects us in this one category. But under a line, we saw everything get much stronger and we really like the second half for payments as we get into the second quarter's look back now as it's improved from quarter one. But, Kathy, bring some color to that.
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. I think, as Richard said, we were very pleased with what we saw in our momentum in the payments businesses. If you think about our merchant processing, I'll start there, I think that's one of our better stories right now. In the first quarter, if you take out the impact of FX, we grew about 5%. As we look into second quarter, that number grew to about 7.5%. Same-store sales were kind of in that in the North American market in about that 5.5% range. And I think that  so we are seeing some additional growth there that we think will continue as we look forward. Our credit and debit card fees were also, we saw momentum there. We've been talking about the fact that rewards costs have been a headwind for us and that was absolutely true. In the first quarter, as you recall, we had a year-over-year growth of 0.9%. This year, you will see that growth increasing. So that headwind is diminishing and as we get into the later quarters, I would expect to even see more improvement as that continues to diminish in the second half of the year. So we are very pleased with the momentum there and would expect to see some good signs of this as we look out into future quarters.
Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay. That's perfect. Thank you, guys, for the color.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, John.
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Hey, John.
John Pancari - Evercore Group LLC: Good morning. Just on the margin. Wanted to see if you can give us a little bit of color on how you're thinking about the margin in coming quarters. Just given the competition on the loan front, could you still see similar mid-single digit compression over the next several quarters? Is that the best way to think about it?
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: John, I'm going to say I think we're starting to see the margin stabilize and I think that's coming from a couple of different reasons. As Richard mentioned earlier, we are starting to see a pickup in our loan growth on the retail side and that's going to help. As you recall, we've been calling out an impact of several basis points on a linked quarter basis related to the mix of our growth. So as retail starts to pick up, that's going to help us. Additionally, what we are seeing is that as loans and securities run off and we're replacing them with new, that spread between what's running off and coming on is starting to get a little closer together, so  or getting smaller. So that's going to help us as well. So I think, as I look out into the third quarter, I'm going to call that our net interest margin is going to be relatively stable.
John Pancari - Evercore Group LLC: Right. I guess, what I should  the way I should have asked it is how do you define relatively stable? Because I think you had alluded to some emerging stability in the past, but we still saw mid-single digit compression. So...
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Actually  okay, so, John, we actually never did say we're stable. We were super transparent and always said it would be 3 basis points to 5 basis points or 3 basis points to 6 basis points, and we did mention it by 1 basis point. So stable to us is give or take 1 basis point, maybe 2 basis points, either direction. But right now, we're forecasting this thing to be flat and we could be surprised. But we'll have a chance later in the quarter to update you guys. We tell you exactly what we see as soon as we see it, and we are extremely transparent and clear, so stable means stable.
John Pancari - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Good. Good. All right. And then separately in terms of the deposit side, if you could just give us a little bit of color with what you are seeing there. I mean it was exceptionally strong and surpassed our estimates, particularly around some of the interest-bearing stuff?
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Hi, John, you're absolutely right. It was higher than we saw in quarter two and I will tell you it's just continued growth across all business lines. I can't call out any particular business that had higher growth than the other. We had  we just continue to see strong growth in our wholesale, our consumer and our trust businesses.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: It's a great problem, right? And we're not sending deposits out. We're also not rationalizing the number of branches we have. We're just rationalizing what we do in them. So that's probably keeping a lot of deposits, the core stuff. But we all know, in a few quarters or years, that's going to be the gas in the engine for making loans. And so we're going to be pleased with loan growth, deposit growth, even if we're not sure what we can do with it yet. And we'll continue to see that as a sign of more customers, net DDA was as high as it has been in years. We have a lot of new business coming in from our corporate trust, which you know, is a very important part of, 15% of our core deposit. So, it's a good news thing and as much as we are a little surprised ourselves, we're not going to do anything to send it back (28:12).
John Pancari - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Then, Richard, my last thing I just wanted to ask you about was about your updated thoughts on capital deployment, particularly your view of M&A opportunities here as you're looking at opportunities to put your capital to work?
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Sure. We've got this  we've indicated an interest in the GE Capital, or part of their portfolio and we are in the due diligence with that. So we will keep finding an interest in asset purchases. We're continuing to find payment portfolios that we look at. We like the merchant acquiring space where you've either seen us getting new partners in the domestic, or more even often, you've seen us do it in the international side where we can find a partner and extend into another country and kind of plug-and-play like we do with our payments platform. And then corporate trust, we just had our board meeting a couple weeks ago and we highlighted our European trust business, which is also fund servicing and corporate trust, and they are both quite robust. The market continues to be very receiving of a new player in us being there, and we see a lot of growth opportunities. And that can be both organic and M&A, John. So that's where you're going to see us. Not whole bank transactions  what you've seen in the last few years is what you'll see in the next couple. And I think that as the tail falls off of what I'll call the statute of limitations of inheriting somebody else's problems from the early years of the recession, as that falls off in a couple of years, we'll probably be back into the game of buying whole companies or looking at whole banks. But for now, that just doesn't suit our appetite.
John Pancari - Evercore Group LLC: All right. Thanks for taking the questions.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Thanks, John.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Miller of FBR.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Paul.
Thomas LeTrent - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Good morning, guys. This is actually Thomas on behalf of Paul. Richard, you talked a little bit about how you've been participating more in the jumbo market lately, I guess, in particular on pricing. What's giving you the confidence to take that leap? And obviously that's helped your consumer growth.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Let's have Andy respond to that, he's got the mortgage business under his leadership.
Andrew J. Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Good morning, Thomas. You know it's about our customers. So our customers are choosing to go longer in terms of their mortgage product given the low rate and the fixed rate and the 30-year. So they're financing out of either what they have today or variable floating into longer jumbo. We want to serve our customers' needs so we're putting those in our books. They're not coming out as loss, they're just coming out a little thinner spread than what would be historic, but given our low cost of capital as well as our low funding costs, they're still profitable for us.
Thomas LeTrent - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay. Great. And then I guess one more question sort of on the loan growth, loan growth seems like it's picking up for you guys. Does that mean that more of the reinvestment of sort of the excess deposit growth which has been mentioned was very strong last quarter will go towards the loan side rather than securities? Or can we still expect some investment securities growth as well?
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. I think at this point, what you'll see is, as loans start to increase, that will really help offset the deposit increase, so I think you'll see that. There might be some modest investment security just based on the balance sheet positioning and so forth, but it's really going to be used by deposits  or loans. The deposit growth will be used by loans.
Thomas LeTrent - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay. Great. Thank you, guys.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Thomas.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Erika.
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Erika.
Erika P. Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Good morning. Richard, we asked your peers yesterday what they thought about deposit repricing as we hopefully enter a higher interest rate environment. One said that the deposit betas will be much higher because regulation has given us now classifications of good deposits and bad deposits, while your other peers seem to be more optimistic on deposit beta given that we're coming from zero. What's your view in terms of both the pace and magnitude of pass-through, if we do see the Fed raise rates this year?
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, my  I'll probably be right in the middle and that's not like me, I like to take a position. But I'll tell you my answer's just a little different. We  God, we all want this deposit beta to go up because we want that money to be used in some form of growth in the American economy. I mean it really is at record high levels and it's not sustainable. And it has nothing to do with the banks keeping them or losing them, it has everything to do with consumers and businesses using it. So my hope is that there is a early beta take when rates start to move up not because of rates being higher and the cost changing but because that informs the fact that people are now investing and consumers are consuming, so I'm all for that. I do think that marginal beta on companies has a lot to do with what kind of level of relationship they've created with their customers, whereby if people are double banking, triple banking, the core relationship stays with the bank that's established themselves as the core partner. And I also think customers that have established themselves as feeling that they were treated well during this period, especially corporate customers, and felt that the company protected their deposits here, let them stay on the balance sheet if necessary or work them into some money center alternative, I think we'll get credit for the way we handled that over the course of the more challenging times when deposits were less attractive. So I'm going to say the beta is going to be  I hope it's an early, a bit of an early and abrupt start because people are using it, and then I think that the marginal beta starts to determine the quality of banking relationships you have. And I have to remind you because of our corporate trust, we will have at least 15% of our core deposits are in a different category as much as they're contractual, and they don't have the ability to move at the vagaries of rates or even consumerism, so I think we'll have a slightly better beta no matter what, and probably better than you guys have modeled, given that that's a pretty substantial amount of money as we continue to grow corporate trust.
Erika P. Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That's a great point.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Erika P. Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for highlighting that. And just, Kathy, as a follow up to Thomas' question, does that mean that your earning asset growth is going to now match your loan growth? Over the past several quarters, it's outpaced your loan growth. And I guess a follow up question to that is could you give us a sense on where you are towards the LCR standard for January 2016?
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Well, let me start with the LCR first. And I will tell you that, at the end of last year, we had met that ratio. So we were fully compliant with LCR at the end of 2014. I will tell you one other aspect of our earning asset growth in addition to investment securities that's held for sale particularly around our mortgage environment, so I think that as you think about total earning asset growth, I think that it will more closely approximate loans going forward, but you'll have to take into account the held for sale activity as  depending on what the mortgage market does.
Erika P. Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thank you so much.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Erika.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Bill Carcache of Nomura.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Bill.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Good morning. I had a follow-up question on cards. I've heard a lot of your comments on payments, particularly a lot of items affecting the fee income line, but I was hoping more  to focus a little bit more on the spread. And it looks like you've been seeing a pretty consistent reduction in year-over-year credit card loan growth over the last several quarters to most recently 1.3% this past quarter. That's a little bit slower relative to the rest of the industry. I was hoping you could just talk a little bit about what  give a little color around what's driving that and what you anticipate going forward.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Let's have Andy give you a brief color on that.
Andrew J. Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Sure, Bill. On a quarterly basis, it's down principally due to seasonality, so that is not uncommon from quarter one to quarter two to be down; on a year-over-year basis, it's about 2%. Part of the factor that is impacting that is auto sales, and spend is up closer to 5%, 5.5%. People are paying down more of their balances with perhaps some of the excess they're getting from the fuel side of the equation, so we're seeing pay it down rates being higher, revolve rates being lower, even though sales are up.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And so just looking at the average loans on slide 15 that shows the year-over-year growth, so really we can tell from second quarter 2014 till now that growth rate has been downward. So as we look forward from here, would you expect that kind of similar trajectory or would that pick up a little bit?
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Well, I think, on a linked quarter basis, we would start to think that we're  we do feel confident we'll be back into that 1% to 1.5% range.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay. And then my last question is more on kind of broadly the upcoming interchange rate reductions in Europe, in particular, the capping of debit and credit interchange at 20 basis points and 30 basis points respectively. Can you discuss whether Elavon offers pass-through or bundled pricing to its merchant partners in Europe? Just trying to kind of understand the extent to which you might be able to benefit from the upcoming interchange rate reductions in Europe.
Andrew J. Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: I think for the most part, that interchange impact will not impact Elavon in Europe, so it will  our rate of revenue will not be impacted by that change.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Andrew J. Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Sure.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Bill.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Ken.
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Ken.
Kenneth Michael Usdin - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Hi, guys. First question just on credit, it looks like you had a little lower recovery this quarter, which I would think would be expected at this point, most of the underlying metrics continue to look excellent in terms of delinquencies, NPAs, et cetera. How much room is there do you think just for charge-offs to still decline from here? I know reserve release is pretty much done, but it just looks like the underlying credit still looks quite good.
P. W. Parker - Vice Chairman and Chief Risk Officer: Yeah. This is Bill. I think the one area is still in the residential space, so there is still continued improvement there. It's already getting low so the dollars aren't going to be huge at this point. But as you pointed out, the rest of the movement comes through recoveries generally on the wholesale side. Those are sporadic, sometimes they're very strong in one quarter. This quarter, they were a little lighter. Further away we get from the downturn, the fewer of those higher recovery levels we'll have. So I'd say, in general, we're at a good spot and I see a little more improvement on residential mortgage.
Kenneth Michael Usdin - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Great. Got it. Thanks, Bill. And then secondly, just on  a question on the mortgage business, obviously, we had a pretty good second quarter and you had a big pump in originations. Just maybe just your general thoughts on the state of your  the housing market, the mortgage business and the outlook for production there?
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Yes. So as you stated, we had a really good quarter from a year-over-year basis. We grew our app volume about 35%. As we look forward into quarter three, I do think that we'll probably see a decline in our refi balances. So I would expect as we look into quarter three, on a linked quarter basis, our application volumes will be probably down a little bit. I would say from a fee standpoint, we may be  our fee income might be modestly lower than what it is this quarter, but it's very early in the quarter. It's going to depend a lot on what we see in the rate  with the rate market and the appetite for purchases. So we'll give you a little bit of  more heads up on that as we go further into the quarter.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Ken. This is Richard. The applications up 34% in quarter two will show through in quarter three as bookings in some measure so quarter three has a lot to do with paying off quarter two. Quarter three, I think, will be a tale of interesting to watch because we will see what happens as rates start to move or the threat of rates start to move and more on the psychology of the consumer behavior. But I thought you'd find this interesting. I was, a couple of weeks ago, in California with our homebuilder business. They were there for our national conference and we had a large gathering. And I asked them, what interest rate level in terms of a mortgage rate would cause them to worry about the impact of future homebuilding? And they all were comfortable that 200 basis points doesn't move anybody's needle on either the affordability or the belief that they could still get into a home that they want. And that's a pretty nice range of safety for a while because I don't think any of us think rates whenever they do move up are going to move 200 basis points real quick. So that provides me a little confidence that the purchase market by those who actually build and live off of it is feeling pretty strong and they're not typically worried at this stage of rates moving up if they don't move more than 200 basis points. Refi is just typically what you see in the vagaries of whether people still haven't refi'd yet or whether they have a reason to take advantage of a rate they didn't heretofore. So we will learn more. I think this quarter three will tell a big story and probably a month from now, we'll have a really good sense of what the mortgage business looks like, but it's a little early now.
Kenneth Michael Usdin - Jefferies LLC: Understood. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Mutascio of KBW.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Chris.
Chris M. Mutascio - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Hey, Richard. How are you?
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good.
Chris M. Mutascio - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Kathy, how are you this morning?
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Good.
Chris M. Mutascio - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Richard, I just want to  just, all of my questions I think have been answered, but I do want to just make sure I do a double-check on your thought process on expenses in third quarter. When you talk about flat, I know we've talked about a lot of this beating a dead horse earlier on the call, but the reported expenses of roughly $2.68 billion, it seems to me there is a couple things that you benefited from in the quarter whether it was insurance recovery or reimbursement from a business partnership. When you say flat, is it flat, are you thinking flattish with the reported number of $2.68 billion or should I gross that up for some of the benefits you had in the quarter? And if it is flat, are you thinking it is flat with the reported number, where do you get the offsets from? Is it lower marketing expenses? Is it lower professional services fees that could get you back to that level?
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Chris. I'm really glad for the question because I didn't know it wasn't clear so thank you. It's not taking advantage of the one-time benefits. It's the core.
Chris M. Mutascio - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And so the things that we manage we're going to stick pretty flat to that but you won't get the benefits each quarter unless something comes out of nowhere that we're happy with. So on a reported basis, it will go up slightly. As it does though, it will go up less than it would have if we weren't continuing to put this kibosh on the cost of FTE and the cost of discretionary expenses like marketing and travel and entertainment. So, yeah, it's a good question. It will go up in the second half but it's not material and as much as we're not counting on the other benefits to accrue and if they do, we'll take them and celebrate that.
Andrew J. Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: The other thing that I'd mention, Richard, is the normal seasonality to our tax amortization  our tax credit business, which again is reflected in our tax rate all year but goes up through the year just normal seasonality and that's probably $30 million to $40 million (43:04).
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: (43:05) the second half. So as Andy is talking about the CDC and so we have expenses up above the line, but we get all the benefits on the taxes below. And if you look at one line item, that's a great reminder that that will be  you should isolate that and take a look at it. In prior years, it will be just the same as it's been in prior.
Chris M. Mutascio - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Right. So absent the tax issue, which I fully understand, it's more of a  it should gross up at least to some degree, second quarter expenses from a run rate perspective because of some of the benefits you had?
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: That's correct.
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: That's right.
Chris M. Mutascio - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Exactly right. (43:33)
Chris M. Mutascio - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thank you so much, Richard.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Perfect. Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Barker of Compass Point.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Kevin.
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Hey, Kevin.
Kevin James Barker - Compass Point Research & Trading LLC: Hey. Good morning. I just wanted to follow up on some of the mortgage comments. Are you seeing an increasing amount of demand from consumers or at least incrementally regarding cash out refis or potentially a willingness to increase home equity lines in order to take advantage of higher equity and higher home prices?
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Definitely the latter, right? So as I said, home equity is up 4% and it's  people are doing mostly home improvement. When I was a young banker in California 30 years ago, we used to call it a PIP, a property improvement and we used to give credit back  half the credit to the equity or the line itself, because we thought they're improving the collateral as they went. We don't do that anymore but that was the old days when people really used their house to live in it and to keep it for a longer-term and not improve it to flip it. And I think we've got psychology where people are going to live in their houses now and own them as an asset to live in with the hope that they will have some increasing value, use it when they can but not to do it in order to flip it. Debt consolidation for the first time, Kevin, is starting to show up again in home equity, which I guess, it makes sense later in the cycle as people want to reset one more time, but they are much more prudent than they were before. And because the quality of loans we do, we don't do debt consolidation home equity for people who are desperate. They're simply being more efficient in the way they handle their cash flow. Andy might talk to...
Andrew J. Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Yeah. And somewhat consistent with what we are seeing in housing prices. The average line that we booked in the second quarter was up 7% versus a year ago, and the average balance of our home equity account is up over 10%.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So they are using it. In terms of cash out purchase, not seeing any evidence of that that's materially different than prior quarters. Those with cash are putting it into the house, those without it are still taking the opportunity to refi most of it and some of it with government programs.
Kevin James Barker - Compass Point Research & Trading LLC: You see that as a source of growth for you in particular, or the industry in general? Or do you feel like it's going to be something that's going to be lackluster for the next couple of years still?
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I don't know about the industry. I mean, were  I know this is an outlier for a lot of us. Two reasons. One is because we've been working first position second mortgages for a long, long time. It's been a product we've had for some reason hasn't been matched by most folks. And then I think I mentioned in my comments we also don't have that bubble that we're trying to out-run. If you look at our balance sheet, we don't have a history of being a huge home equity lender at a disparate level. So we don't have a lot to have to refi or rebook. So in this case, we're going to get the benefit of net growth from our activities and our product. So I think we'll be an outlier in a positive way.
P. W. Parker - Vice Chairman and Chief Risk Officer: I mean our origination volume on home equity which is primarily all out of our branches has grown substantially over the last few quarters. I mean, we look back a few years ago, we barely do $1 billion, and this past year, we did  or this past quarter, we did $2 billion. So...
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. It's really...
P. W. Parker - Vice Chairman and Chief Risk Officer: It has been a nice steady growth for us and the performance has always been good. So...
Kevin James Barker - Compass Point Research & Trading LLC: Yes. You've definitely been an outlier. Thanks for taking my questions.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Thanks, Kevin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo of CLSA.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Mike.
Mike L. Mayo - CLSA Americas LLC: Hey. How are you doing? I got on the call a little late. Hopefully, this wasn't asked, I got the tail end of it. So your 22% annualized fee growth for the quarter, what is a more normal rate as we look ahead? I mean, strong fee quarter obviously, but 22% annualized, there is some items there, where would you guide us?
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Well, first of all...
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, first of all, the question was already asked, and it was a fantastic answer and I'm sorry, you missed it. But we'll be happy to repeat it for you, Mike. Actually, it wasn't asked, so we're happy to answer it.
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Here's what I'd say, Mike. You have to remember, recall, for us, the second quarter is seasonally high because of our payment business and just some deposit service charges. So, I wouldn't think to annualize that quarter. I would look more at it on a year-over-year basis and I would say that we did see  we saw momentum in our payments businesses. I think that's going to continue. We had strong growth in our trust and investment management fees and I think that we would expect that to continue as well. So I would look at it a little bit more on a year-over-year basis and assume that we'll continue to add some momentum there.
Mike L. Mayo - CLSA Americas LLC: And as far as acquisitions, where do you guys stand? The sale from GE or maybe bank acquisitions. Has your appetite changed?
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: It hasn't changed and I did answer that one earlier. GE, we are in due diligence for one part of their portfolio  who knows? We don't have to have anything here to make it to tomorrow, so we'll just be prudent and take a look at it. We like  as I said earlier, we like acquisitions of payment companies, we like trust companies, we like overseas a lot because it seems to be an interesting market worth looking further out. Not interested in full bank transactions at this stage and what you have seen in the last few years is what you will see for the next couple.
Mike L. Mayo - CLSA Americas LLC: And then lastly, my question, Richard Davis versus the 10-year. Maybe, Richard, you're winning the recent round. I'm not sure. But what's the check on you're feeling about the growth of the U.S. economy? Are we stepping out, or is it kind of same as it's been?
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think it's same as it has been, which is still slow but steady progress, right? So it's not going backwards. There's no inertia to jump it forward. My long philosophy is the minute it's known that rates are moving up whether they have to move or not, it starts to create a catalyst for people to take the action that they have heretofore been holding off on. And my hope is frankly that the consumer blinks first and starts consuming as they should and that incentivizes businesses to start investing and growing and that kind of cycle starts up again. So I'm still optimistic that we're making progress and everything's going in the right direction and I think I'm hopeful that the Fed sees it the same way and if they do, then rates start to move up. We benefit from the balance sheet being only half of our company's balance sheet, so we'll benefit just as much from the fee businesses as it relates to a stronger economy, so I'm optimistic.
Mike L. Mayo - CLSA Americas LLC: Great. Thank you.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivek Juneja of JPMorgan.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Vivek.
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Vivek.
Vivek Juneja - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Thanks. A couple of questions. You had very strong growth in auto loans, just wanted to understand if you could give me how much of that is prime versus non-prime?
Andrew J. Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: It is all prime, Vivek. We started a little initiative about a year-and-a-half ago to pursue the subprime, but the volume and the opportunity there was not sufficient, so we're no  we're completely a prime shop.
Vivek Juneja - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. So if that's the case, how is the yield on that retail loans staying flat quarter-over-quarter, Andy, because prime is seeing a lot more competition from what we're hearing from everybody?
Andrew J. Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Yeah. Leasing is strong, lending is more pressured; and the net of the two is flattish.
Vivek Juneja - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And does the leasing also show up in retail leasing? Or does that show up in the auto lending line?
Andrew J. Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Shows up in the leasing line.
Vivek Juneja - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Because that seems to have been down year-over-year and linked quarter.
Andrew J. Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Yeah. And I'm just talking about on an absolute basis, if we think about spreads and profitability, when we book that next lease that's still quite profitable. The next loan, prime auto loans is probably one of the most competitive dynamic  loan categories on the balance sheet today.
Vivek Juneja - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Yeah. Because I can see the auto was up 5% linked quarter, that's a very strong number. Secondly, you'd  Kathy mentioned about trust and wealth management being up sharply. As I look at it, it's up $23 million year-over-year. Over half of that growth is in corporate trust fees. How much of that has come from that cleanup call stuff that The Wall Street Journal highlighted a few weeks ago?
Andrew J. Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: The cleanup call is immaterial, Vivek. And it's actually in a different...
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: It's out of...
Andrew J. Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: ...in a different line. So it's not even that number at all. That is because our corporate trust business is doing well, we continue to be number one market share across all three categories: muni, corporate and structured; doing well both domestically as well as our small footprint in Europe which is growing. So that is just strong business growth and taking share.
Vivek Juneja - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Got it. Okay. Glad to hear that that's immaterial. I just sort of wondered why bother to do it then?
Andrew J. Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Well, it's part of the structured business and the way we  and the way the documents are compiled. So it's a normal process. Many banks do it. It's not unusual and it's  we've been doing it because it is part of the document.
Vivek Juneja - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. All right. And lastly, you're obviously expanding on the investment banking side. I noticed that you even did a preferred stock deal where you were a co-lead underwriter. What point are you going to start breaking out IBCs from commercial products?
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We  it hasn't been material enough so we haven't, but given your question, we'll look into that. I mean if that's valuable to you all, given that we're continuing to make progress and our momentum has been really good here, we'll make that a to-do for ourselves.
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, we will.
Vivek Juneja - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Thanks, Vivek.
Andrew J. Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer: Thanks.
Vivek Juneja - JPMorgan Securities LLC: All right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jack Micenko of SIG.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Jack.
Jack Micenko - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Hey. Good morning. Richard, in your prepared comments, you mentioned higher mortgage servicing regulatory expenses, it sounded incremental. Is that the correct interpretation, I guess? And then second, would these expenses be, I guess, sort of, one time to, sort of, ratchet up to a new standard? Or given your 70/30 purchase focus, is this sort of  could it be the new norm around servicing?
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Good question. So it's not incremental, it's just longer than I wanted. So in my mind, I wanted this thing to be done and gone and the consent order continues. So kind of the rush to the end, right, to the finish line. So we're going to continue to spend probably between now and the end of the year at the levels you've seen. There's no relief on that at all. As it relates to the cost of servicing, though, it's an important decision each bank has to make. The cost of servicing is remarkably higher now than it ever was. And to take you back a couple of quarters, I think I reminded you all that that's one of the things it does is it inspires you to stay at a higher quality of customer. So if I have a customer at a FICO level that there's a risk that we may have some form of a modification before their mortgage is through its life, I'm probably not going to do it anymore because the cost of handling that customer in the modification period and phase is expensive and it's rife with compliance risk and mistakes. So I'm just going to go a little higher than that and make sure that all customers we bank, at least going in, are not likely to have any concerns so the servicing cost to the bank are standard operating servicing as customers pay as agreed. When you start getting into that lesser quality customer, the cost of servicing goes way up, and we've been feeling that because we've been dealing with all these issues we've had to go back and remedy, but we're not going to do it going forward. So it's at least the rest of this year, Jack, we're going to have those costs and then my hope is that they'll start seeing some relief into the future years as mortgage servicing. We are sticking with it. We love the business. We're going to stay in the top five as a mortgage originator and a mortgage servicer, but for now those costs are just longer than I had hoped and they're at least the rest of this year.
Jack Micenko - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Okay. Great. And then as a follow-up, the student loan, the move, the re-class, does that get you out of student loans or is there more potentially to come as sort of a headwind to the top line growth numbers as you de-emphasize that business?
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, it's all out. So we haven't sold it, it's still out looking  we're looking at the bids and things, so it's still held for sale because we don't have an answer, but with our intent is to get entirely out of both the government and the private student loan category and take that off of our things to worry about.
Jack Micenko - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Operator: There are no further audio questions.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Great. Thank you, operator.
Sean O'Connor - Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations: Thank you for listening to our second quarter results. And please call me this afternoon, if you have any follow-up questions.
Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, everybody.
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-15 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Sean O'Connor - SVP and Director, IR Richard Davis - Chairman, President and CEO Andy Cecere - Vice Chairman and COO P.W. Parker - Vice Chairman and Chief Risk Officer Kathy Rogers - Vice Chairman, CFO
Analysts: Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley John Pancari - Evercore ISI  Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill Erika Najarian - BofA Merrill Lynch Ken Usdin - Jefferies & Company John McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein Mike Mayo - CLSA Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities  Nancy Bush - NAB Research
Operator: Welcome to the U.S. Bancorp's First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Richard Davis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Kathy Rogers, U.S. Bancorp's Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately noon Eastern Standard Time through Wednesday, April 22 at 12:00 midnight Eastern Standard Time. I will now turn the conference call over to Sean O'Connor, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Sean O'Connor: Thank you, Kalia, and good morning to everyone who has joined our call. Richard Davis, Kathy Rogers, Andy Cecere, and Bill Parker are here with me today. Richard and Kathy will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of the slide presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at usbank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of today's presentation, in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard Davis: Thank you, Sean, and good morning everyone. It's great to be here and to talk about U.S. Bancorp. I want to begin our review with the results of the summary of the quarterly highlights on Page 3 of the presentation. U.S. Bank reported net income of $1.4 billion for the first quarter of 2015 or $0.76 per diluted common share, a 4.1% year-over-year. Total average loans grew 5.1% year-over-year and 0.8% linked-quarter excluding the impact of the reclassification of certain municipal loans to securities at the end of the fourth quarter. In addition, we continue to experience strong loan growth and total average deposits. Strong growth in total average deposits of 8.1% over the prior year, and 1.1% linked-quarter. The strongest first quarter deposit growth we've seen in several years. Credit quality remains strong. Total net charge-offs decreased by 18.2% from the prior year and declined 9.4% from the prior quarter. Total nonperforming assets declined compared to both the prior year by quarter and on a linked-quarter basis. We continue to generate significant capital this quarter. Our common tier one capital ratio estimated for the Basel III standardized approach as fully implemented was 9.2% at March 31. We repurchased 12 million shares of common stocks during the first quarter which along with our dividend resulted in a 70% return of earnings to our shareholders in the first quarter. Slide 4 provides you with a five-quarter history of our performance metrics, and they continue to be among the best in the industry. Return on average assets in the first quarter was 1.44% and return on average common equity was 14.1%. Moving over to the graph on the right, you can see that this quarter's net interest margin was 3.08%. Kathy will discuss the margin in more detail in just a few minutes. Our efficiency ratio for the first quarter was 54.3% equal to the prior quarter. We expect this ratio to decline and remain in the low 50s going forward as we continue to manage expenses in relation to revenue trends while continuing to invest in and grow our businesses. Turning to Slide 5, the Company reported total net revenue in the first quarter of $4.9 billion, a 1.9% increase from the prior year. The increase was due to the higher net interest income as well as higher revenue in most fee businesses partially offset by lower loan fees due to the previously discussed wind-down of Checking Account Advance. Average loan and deposit growth is summarized on Slide 6. Average total loans outstanding increased by $12 billion or 5.1% year-over-year and 0.8% linked-quarter excluding the impact of reclassification of certain municipal loans to securities at the end of the fourth quarter. Average total loans grew by 0.6% linked-quarter on a reported basis. Again this quarter, the increase in average loans outstanding was led by strong growth in average total commercial loans, which grew by 15.1% year-over-year and 2.4% over the prior quarter. Residential real estate loans were relatively flat year-over-year and declined modestly on a linked-quarter basis. Average credit card loans increased 2.4% year-over-year and were seasonally lower on a linked-quarter basis. Total other retail loans grew 3.5% year-over-year and 0.4% over the prior quarter, mainly driven by steady growth in auto loans. We continue to originate and renew loans and lines for our customers. New originations excluding mortgage production plus new and renewed commitments totaled approximately $38 billion in the first quarter. Total average revolving commercial and commercial real estate commitments continue to grow at a fast pace, increasing year-over-year by 11.7% and 1.9% on a linked-quarter basis. Line utilization was relatively flat in the first quarter. Total average deposits increased almost $21 billion or 8.1% over the same quarter of last year and 1.1% over the previous quarter. Excluding the Charter One acquisition, the growth rate remained strong at 6.4% on a year-over-year basis. Growth in low-cost interest checking, money market and savings deposits was particularly strong on a year-over-year basis. Turning to Slide 7 and credit quality. Total net charge-offs declined 9.4% on a linked-quarter basis and 18.2% on a year-over-year basis. The ratio of net charge-offs to average loans outstanding was 0.46% in the first quarter. Nonperforming assets decreased by 6.2% on a linked-quarter basis and 15.2% from the first quarter of last year. During the first quarter, we released $15 million of reserves, $5 million less than the fourth quarter of 2014 and $20 million less than the first quarter of 2014. Given the mix and quality of our portfolio, we currently expect the total nonperforming assets to remain relatively stable in the second quarter of 2015. While we expect the level of net charge-offs to increase modestly in the second quarter mainly due to lower expected recoveries. Kathy will now give you a few more details of our first quarter results.
Kathy Rogers: Thanks Richard. Ill turn you to Slide 8. This gives you a view of our first quarter 2015 results versus comparable time periods. Our diluted EPS of $0.76 was 4.1% higher than the first quarter of 2014 and 3.8% lower than the prior quarter. The key drivers of the Company's first quarter earnings are summarized on Slide 9. The $34 million or 2.4% increase in income year-over-year was principally due to an increase in total net revenue, driven by increases in net interest income, and fee-based revenue and a decline in the provision for credit losses partially offset by an increase in noninterest expense. Net interest income was up 1.7% year-over-year, as an increase in average earning assets was partially offset by a lower net interest margin including lower loan fees. Approximately $50 million of the reduction in loan fees was due to the previously discussed wind-down of our Checking Account Advance, our short-term small-dollar deposit advanced product. The $34.6 million increase in average earning assets year-over-year included growth in average total loans as well as planned increases in the securities portfolio. Also at the end of the first quarter approximately $3 billion of student loans were transferred from the loan portfolio to loans held for sale. The net interest margin of 3.08% was 27 basis points lower than the first quarter of 2014. This is primarily due to the growth in the investment portfolio at lower average rates as well as lower reinvestment rates on investment security. Lower loan fees and lower rates on new loans and the change in loan portfolio mix which is partially offset by lower funding cost. Noninterest income increased $46 million or 2.2% year-over-year due to higher revenue in most fee businesses. We saw growth in retail payments, trust and investment management fees, deposit service charges, treasury management fees, investment product fees, mortgage banking and other income which was driven by higher equity investment gains. Merchant processing revenue were relatively flat on a year-over-year basis was negatively impacted by foreign currency rate changes. Excluding this impact, merchant processing fees grew approximately 5.5% on a year-over-year basis. Noninterest expense income increased year-over-year by $121 million or 4.8%. The increase is primarily the result of higher compensation and benefits expense and higher other expense. The increase in compensation expense is primarily the result of the impact of merit increases, acquisitions, higher staffing for risk and compliance activities and the variable costs related to higher mortgage production volumes increased benefits expenses due to higher pension costs of about $25 million for the quarter. Other expense is higher primarily due to mortgage servicing related activities. On a linked-quarter basis, net income was lower by $57 million or 3.8% mainly due to lower net interest income and seasonally lower fee based revenue partially offset by a decrease in noninterest expense. Net interest income was lower due to the impact of two fewer days in the quarter and a lower net interest margin. The net interest margin of 3.08% was 6 basis points lower than the fourth quarter. The 6 basis points decline includes approximately 2 basis points related to the unusually high interest recoveries in the fourth quarter which as you recall we discussed at the earnings call in January. Higher interest recoveries continued in the first quarter benefiting net interest income by approximately 1 basis point. The remaining decline in net interest income was principally due to growth in lower rate investment securities and lower reinvestment rates, lower rates on new loans and a change in the loan portfolio mix, along with the impact of higher cash balances at the Federal Reserve as a result of continued deposit growth, which as Richard mentioned was exceptionally strong in the first quarter. On a linked quarter basis, noninterest income was lower by $216 million or 9.1%. This variance is principally due to seasonally lower fee revenue in the fourth quarter 2014 gain. On a linked quarter basis, noninterest expense decreased by $139 million or 5.0%. The decrease is due to seasonally lower costs related to investments in tax advantage projects, the impact of the notable fourth quarter 2014 charitable contribution and legal accruals and lower marketing and business development expenses. Professional services also declined due to seasonally lower expend in many of our businesses. Partially offsetting these reductions were higher compensation and benefits expense due to increased pension costs, seasonally higher payroll taxes and increases in variable compensation related to higher mortgage volumes. Turning now to slide 10, our capital position is strong. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio estimated using the Basel III standardized approach as is fully implemented at March 31 was 9.2%. At 9.2%, we are well above the 7% Basel III minimum requirement. Our tangible book value per share rose to $16.50 at March 31, representing a 10.1% increase over the same quarter of last year and a 3.4% increase over the prior quarter. Our return on tangible common equity was 19% for the first quarter. In March we received the results of the 2015 comprehensive capital assessment and review or the CCAR including the Federal Reserve's non-objection to our capital plan. Subsequently we announced our new five quarter buyback authorization totaling approximately $3 billion effective April 1, and our intension to recommend to our board of directors the 4.1% increase in our common stock dividend beginning with the second quarter dividend payable in July. I will now turn the call back to Richard.
Richard Davis: Thanks Kathy. Turning to slide 12, you'll see the cover of our 2014 Annual report and you've seen the power of potential. At U.S. Bank we stand at the intersection of people and potential each and every day and we're privileged to serve as the caveats for all of our customers whether consumer, small business, wholesale or institutional to assist them by providing the financial tools and resources they need to achieve their full potential. This positions us well for growth as our customers seek a strong banking partner to help them as they pursue their goals. Next week we will be holding our Annual Shareholder Meeting in Louisville, Kentucky. I look forward to telling our shareholders of how proud I am of what we've accomplished and of the 67,000 remarkable and engaged employees that have contributed to our success. We remain focused on producing consistent, predictable and repeatable financial results for the benefit of our shareholders. That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Kathy, Bill and I would now be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jon Arfstrom of RBC Capital Markets.
Jon Arfstrom: Thanks, good morning guys, good morning Kathy. Richard, maybe start with this -- just your view on the state of the economy. You talked a little bit about your position for growth when the economy gains momentum. Curious, are you still as optimistic as you've been in previous quarters? Do you feel like the economy is gaining momentum? And then maybe update us on your loan growth outlook?
Richard Davis: Yes, I will, thanks Jon. I remain very optimistic for the economy and for the great citizens of America, a little less optimistic for the bankers until the interest rates start to move up. So if you think about it, consumer confidence continues to move up and particularly small business. Even corporate confidence continues to move up, but part of that confidence is found in their ability to operate more effectively during their day with more money in the bank, more of a reserve and their lines that they've got a back stop of equity in their homes and the belief that right now they dont need to be indebted. So for bankers that might not be as positive as for consumers and for businesses, but it does reveal itself as people husband in cash and feel but better about their situation they did a few years ago. As rates start to move up, I'm still convinced of two things. One will be that when there is a real sense that's about to happen there will be a tsunami effect, particularly on the corporate and wholesale side that people want to lock down low rates before they finally get stuck having missed that opportunity. And I think consumers will move from those who have here to who have been saving looking for some money, now they'll start making some real money in their savings accounts and their endowments and their long term trust and I do expect people to start using their lines of credit again feeling the strength of an economy and a higher wage that will come with it. So I'm super optimistic about how things are moving. They are slow but steady, but they'll continue to move forward. But I do think until rates move up it continues to impinge the ability for banks to be particularly as financially successful as they will be when things get better. As it relates to loan growth we were at 0.8% this year if you adjust for a little bit of noise and that's outside of our normal range of 1 to 1.5% on a linked quarter basis which is about 5% to 6% annualized number. We're looking to get back into that 1 to 1.5% in quarter two as we look into this 15 days into the second quarter. I'm also hopeful that as the year ages we'll see those increases a little higher to the ranges we were used to at the 1.5% to 2%. So I'm starting to stick with our hope that we can get in the 6% range for loan growth on a year-over-year basis by year's end. But for now the 0.8% for me is a little disappointing because I really want to stay in that 1 to 1.5% range, but for you as an investor make it certain that we're not going to stretch on any kind of credit quality in order to accomplish those numbers until which time it is more natural and the customers that we serve have the need for their loans. So, I'm quite optimistic and yet a little bit hesitant until rates start to move.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay, good. That's helpful. And then just maybe a quick one for Bill. I know it's a small number, but the incremental provision in energy, can you maybe just give us an update of what you did and what your expectations are and maybe size the exposure for us?
P.W. Parker: Sure, so the energy loans are about 1.2 times of our total loans and the part of that portfolio that is most directly impacted by the lower oil prices is the E&P portfolio. It is roughly two thirds of that. We have now run through that entire book with the new pricings back reflecting the much lower forecast obviously on oil. And we have adjusted the ratings accordingly on that book and we did take an incremental reserve at the end of the year we've adjusted that now that we accomplished this on a loan by loan basis. It all adds up to something that's really not that material in terms of our $4 plus billion loan reserve, but it's all baked in now and we've done all the analysis and we update that pricing back at least two times a year. So if we need to do it again we will.
Jon Arfstrom: Good that's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley Q - Betsy Graseck Hi, good morning. How are you doing? A couple of questions. One is just on investing in your people in an environment where rates are low and the loan growth is solid, but not accelerating too much. I am just asking the question with regard to how you are considering allocating resources to drive top-line growth. And is there opportunity to pull back maybe on some of the non-client facing related areas to be able to put more feet on the Street?
Richard Davis: On personnel I wish, but no. We're not going to be able to slow down our incremental adds for first, second and third line of defense as we call it, but some plans in audit, that's just a new world and even if thought we had everything right I'd still keep that one there double triple check that we are still doing things well. So, that has been the only place we've increased our FTE since I told you I think many times last year that in the middle of February of 2014. So that's now 14 months ago, we asked the employees but for those in the compliance areas to stay at their FTE level for all intents and purposes and to manage at a higher expected performance per person. So that's not hiring freeze because there is a lot of turnover and when people do have 964 FTE in your group you can still have 964, but it does encourage you to manage the bottom performers out more swiftly and to increase the quality of the 964 people that work for you and that's where we are Betsy. I'm not going to do a reduction in force. We've hung on here for eight years and done quite well. Our engagement I believe to be at the highest level it has ever been and I believe that the employees are deeply engaged. They'll perform remarkably well for customers and shareholders will get their benefits. So I dont want to mess with that formula, but I am asking everyone here to work harder, I'm working harder and we are asking everyone to appreciate the fact that protecting all of our current positions by performance is really the way to manage through these difficult times. So that as the backdrop you'll see that our operating leverage was as you know negative for quarter one, both on a linked quarter and year-over-year basis. And as we put the plan together, we as I said always seek positive operating leverage. And our plan for 2015 is for the year to be slightly positive. I will say however, that hinged the original expectation that interest rates will start moving up at midyear and based on our stress test and the prevailing views of economists a couple of months ago, if that doesn't happen in June then it is going to put some stress on our ability to be positively operating leverage. I will tell you this though, in almost any circumstance quarter one at 54.3% operating leverage will be our highest quarter or in this case our least attractive quarter of the four and I think you'll see that as the quarters age, we'll get smarter and better at managing our expenses as revenue starts to move up. But it's anything else I'll just close by saying I'm on a lag basis, I've got to see revenue move up sustainably and consistently for long enough before we start to increase any expenses. In the meantime we will delivery with the same people working as hard as they do to deliver a little bit more each time and will manage the quality of our FTEs at the highest level at this point where I think we're selling attractive employer and we can get some really good people from different places to accompany those who are here.
Betsy Graseck: And so if there is a push out in the rate hike you counter that with employee?
Richard Davis: Yes I do and again being very clear that could put a pressure on our full year positive operating leverage, it could make it slightly negative and slightly positive because we were counting on that. But it is not enough of a difference and it doesnt change. I dont think you always trust in the way we manage the company to cause me to want to start laying people off for doing something more draconian because it is not an if, it is a win for different interest rates and when that happens I will be very glad we have the quality of people we have ready to jump on whatever opportunities come along.
Betsy Graseck: Sure okay, and then just separately you did have a change in the management of the Payments business recently.
Richard Davis: We did.
Betsy Graseck: I just want to understand if there is any change in direction of the organization that we can expect?
Richard Davis: So let me turn that over to the Chief Operating Officer. Andy is going to give you an update there.
Andy Cecere: Good morning Betsy. No, there is no change in our strategy. We have a good place in terms of market share and capabilities and our platform and merchants, expansion outside of the U.S., all those things are going well and we continue in that focus. Our card issuing is doing also very well, we're growing in regard to the activity our branch activity is also increasing. And finally our corporate card is doing well. So I dont see any change in direction. Corporate card was impacted this quarter by a lower fuel price, which impacts our fleet business and that was one of the big anchors this quarter in terms of our year-over-year growth. The other phenomenon that we did see this quarter was corporate spend and payables is down, which again probably reflects to what Richard spoke to, which is just a general careful attitude in terms of large companies and payables for corporate spend was perhaps 1% up where in a normal period it would be up 5% to 6%.
Richard Davis: I will just add too. Pam Joseph is staying all the way through June 30, so she and Shailesh Kotwal will have, almost four months of overlap, which we are going to take every day of because Pams done a remarkable job. Shailesh was attracted to us in a number of ways, and not least to which is his international experience. And well continue to follow as Pam started this march across the pond to increase the exposure we have in the European markets and eventually looking at other places in the world for our merchant acquiring. But he is going to be a perfect transition and the two of them have already established I think a great report to carry on with second quarter. And well make sure you all get a chance to meet him in future meetings because I think youll want to hear him directly and get a chance to understand his thoughts.
Betsy Graseck: Appreciate that. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pancari of Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: Just want to ask a little bit more around loan growth, just want to see if you can give us a little bit more color on trends in the first quarter, particularly around Commercial Real Estate, as I know it was particularly weak in the quarter, and what may have impacted that. And then secondarily, how do you get back to that 1% to 1.5% range that you indicated for next quarter? Is it just the snapback in something that was abnormally weak this quarter? Thanks.
Richard Davis: Thanks John. I'll start and then Andy add some color. First of all, one of the way is out of the point into 1% to 1.5% is getting out of quarter one. So thats how weve done already in April its part of that were seasonally affected company particularly such a heavy Midwest influence, which include some of the weather. So that helps a lot, that's part of it. Commercial real estate was actually pretty strong for us so Im not sure what numbers you are looking at, but Ill give you the trend in commercial real estate is very consistent we call this mild but its East and the West Coast and Texas. And thats where most of the activity for growth is coming for at least our customers. The development activity per se is in the bigger cities West Coast, Seattle, San Francisco, LA Orange County and you got Miami, Boston, New York. So in the places you would expect and a couple of years ago on this call John, I indicated that we had done a study of total on housing availability once and when people moved out of their parents basements and when the housing stock of foreclosures came back into the normal course. And there were couple of markets that we actually stayed away from for a while, I think that they might be over built. We're not seeing that right now it seems that things are settling the cognizant floor to recover people have been more thoughtful about building in the right places. So Im not that concerned about that I was a couple of years ago. And then finally construction lending is highest for apartment, office space, and some lodging properties, which continue to find their way into popup all across the country as people start traveling again. So for me I think commercial real estate continue to be a strong point for us. Our quality is remarkably high, because we only deal with the very large national customers for the most part and were going to stick to that approach as it served us well. And then Ill just close by saying our loan growth continues to be really strong in commercial and wholesale, which youve seen before the 15.1% year-over-year growth. Our commitments are even higher so that bodes well for one and when people start using those commitment. That will start to have a nice increase and anytime that happens thats going to be too far, because well start talking future quarters about loan growth being remarkably higher than anything in the last few years and part of all just be line usage. So those of us who are collecting customers which lines that theyre not using are still doing a good job of developing a future core outstanding once and when people draw and then. So Andy why dont you bring some color around [indiscernible].
Andy Cecere: So to your point commercial wholesale real estate was very strong, commercial corporate up 15%, real estate up 6% year-over-year. The area that is not growing is rapidly is our real estate residential real estate, which is relatively flat. And whats going to drive that growth is going to be our home equity increases. We do see increases in pipeline line of credit, home equity line of credit and in residential real estate. And I think as you go throughout the year, well see an increase in that category, which will help the overall loan growth numbers.
John Pancari: Okay, I guess I was looking at the Commercial Real Estate GAAP line item on the consolidated balance sheet going from 42.8 to 42.4. That was primarily what I was calling out in terms of it appeared to pull back a little bit.
Kathy Rogers: That might be - John that might be as are you looking at the end of period versus the average growth?
John Pancari: Yes.
Kathy Rogers: Yes. And I think that at any given day you might have a little bit of fluctuations in what pay downs and new loans coming on. So we really focus on average loan growth.
John Pancari: Okay.
Richard Davis: So let's get up for John, John got the longest pause we've ever have. We are never stopped our bank, so John congratulations and its been something for that.
John Pancari: I figured I would let it sit just to see.
Richard Davis: Its like forever transcript so read you may reply.
John Pancari: Right, adds a little suspense to the call, you know. Okay, and then lastly, just back to energy. I know it's a small piece of your book, but just want to clarify something. Did you quantify the size of the reserve or size of the provision that you took? And then what is the size of your energy reserve as of today as a percentage of loans?
Richard Davis: Yes. We havent disclosed that. I mean as I said, I mean the total loan book is about $3.3 billion and about 60% of that is the E&P portfolio, which is the area most directly impacted.
Andy Cecere: Exploration and production.
Richard Davis: Yes, exploration and production. So all re-rated, its - the impact is in the numbers, but no we have not disclosed the actual dollar amount.
Andy Cecere: It's not material John but certainly sufficient for the regulators.
John Pancari: Got it, okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers of Sandler O'Neill.
Scott Siefers: Just had a question on the margin and just sort of future directions there. I think all the big pressure seems pretty much behind you with concession of the deposit advance product and then you are pretty much all set with liquidity build for LCR. So at this point I imagine it's just normal spread compression, maybe to the tune of 3 or 4 basis points a quarter. Is that a fair way to think about margin erosion as we stay in this kind of sustained low rate environment?
Kathy Rogers: Yes, Scott, Ill take that. Here is what I would say, as we look out into quarter two I think you are absolutely right that well continue to see margin erosion related to the mix of our growth. So we're more heavily weighted right now on wholesale versus retail so Id expect that to come down 2 to 3 basis points. We also, as we think about our investment portfolio, while were done with the build, we still have run off in that portfolio of about $2 billion a month, which is now coming on at lower rate. So the reinvestment aspect of that is also worth a couple basis points and then as we talked about earlier our deposits are really strong. And while that is positive from a net interest income standpoint, I do think that that potentially has the possibility of having a negative impact on our margin as we look out into the next quarter of a basis point or so.
Scott Siefers: Okay. So maybe somewhere in mid sort of mid-single digits per quarter kind of compression range?
Andy Cecere: That's about right. Were seeing something a little new, because we didnt expect as rates keep staying flat as long as they have we actually do out this reinvestment risk I mean stuff we put out anyone in the last seven years some of that much left in seven year tenures coming due and its coming in lower than it was before. So when rates move about just so many things start to get better and things that we're about to be tough stop being tough and never mind when rates move up we have this wonderful benefit from some of the trust businesses that we have always been paying out to whats to our negative waivers. So its just so many things well start to improve, but I would say theres another basis point or two of added risk with rate staying a little longer on this reinvestment that we havent talked about in addition to the mix. So Scott, its but its exactly we telegraph before.
Scott Siefers: Yes, okay. All right. That sounds good. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian of Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Erika Najarian: Good morning. My question is probably top of mind for most investors in that it seems like some of the assumptions even from three months ago on rates for most banks on normalizing interest rates have been pushed out. And we are sort of at the level of provision and charge-offs where even if you stay pristine you can have volatility in any one quarter. I guess the question here, Richard, is: what is your view in terms of the timing of when normalized rates could converge relative to normalized credit, knowing that it's the normalized credit that is likely under your control or that you have a better viewpoint on?
Richard Davis: Yeah, again and I agree that will being you said. Investors do want to know, we all do and Ill say, we use to prevailing view of the general economic forecast, which I think we all agreed particularly a few months ago we're starting in June one of four interest rate increases June, July, September, December and I think were now getting a telegraph to this could start later its more like September and less frequent may be two times instead of four. What's most important is that starts off, I can tell thats really more important than the, the number of times that it occurs and I think that starting point as I referenced few minutes ago will be little bit of a tsunami effect of people spending and taking uses of credit and taking credit lines and walking down interest rates, for so for me there will be a little bit of blip, they feel number of cash per clients is may be the same store I think in the wholesale side. I will say theyve also telegraphed, the way it works for bankers that people were use their deposits first to invest in their life, then they use the line of credit, they have established whether they have anything else turning around it call it a house or call it a wholesale line of credit then theyll extend more credit, so it does have to go through those steps like like Maslow's hierarchy. So banks have to have deposits -- should see deposits flow and deposits go down and lot of you have been asking as about our stress testing and volatility of deposits out running out. Second then lines of credit will go up and the new lines from loans will be formed. So even when it starts Erika, it will take a little bit of time but once it starts we can see a better predictability around it because we havent be able to show you guys what we used to do, seven, eight years ago when rates moved, we havent pretty high correlation of behaviors would occur and what kind of margins impacts it would be. So for me, I think were going to say that as the economy gets stronger, what kind of that interlude work stronger for everybody else but banks dont have particularly have this an important need in the minds of consumers and businesses as it starts to get very strong in rates move up because its stronger, well start getting a lot of benefits on the income statement and the balance sheet will start to move from deposits over the loan and that will start to get a much more predictability, which I think its a probably a year away. But Im of the mind, weve even out all stores I still think rates were move sometime in 15 and net effected sales were have a pretty stunning impact and then - steady rate put the what happens on the back side, that will be positive under any circumstances and was just move from one side of the balance sheet to be other all giving us net inertest income which is what you all want.
Erika Najarian: And what about on the credit side? Given the underwriting standards have remained quite tight and the economy on both corporate and consumer remains healthy, are we -- is it a longer path to normalized charge-offs even though the provisions could be volatile from here?
Richard Davis: Yes, its a very long path, like multi year path, if you think about were 46 basis points and weve declared all of you from a bottom up basis that over the cycle, we thought we would be had about 95 basis points, so were now actually under half of that and over the cycle as, you never actually had you just pass through at on your way to either the next recession, the next recovery but I will tell you, its many, may years until we get to that number because it takes that long to get the loans on the books, takes that long to have them stress unless there is a money  event. And then it takes a long time for our results to be used in order to accommodate that so, you will see interest rates move, up probably three to five years before you will see the kind of credit quality that would be impacted by what would be some maintain either for underwriting decisions or aggressive, underwriting decisions either when were not going to make but I think you will see the credit quality would be better than average for many years and will be the least thing what we talking about in the next couple.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And just one last question. You continue to do well in the CCAR process. Are you confident that at least for the banks that are not considered SIFIs by the Fed that the CCAR process from here will be steady state? I'm sure there is going to be the transition to advance, but less stringent or less change for non-SIFIs in the US?
Richard Davis: So do you mean, do I think that the non-SIFIs will get relief from where they are or that they wont be brought under these structure?
Erika Najarian: Not necessarily relief, but more so less incremental negative change in the tests looking forward.
Richard Davis: I mean we do believe that there will be a distinction, I dont know where the lines going to be SIFI, non-SIFI, it doesn't matter to us, because we are SIFI, we think we are we, finally not to be do SIFI but will be a SIFI. And so according to that, I think that will be plenty of the regional banks and smaller banks that will not be brought into that same kind of a routine which is where we planned for all the way and not something were going to see as a disadvantage. On the other hand, I do think we can play our advantages to not being a do SIFI as it relates to normally the oversight the additional capital requirements and some of the expectations that have been placed on them. So we're going to call this sweet spot and based on our own preparation, we have been working on, the SIFI and the CCAR process, it's well ensconced here , there is no reason to not want to keep it up and frankly I feel better now I know the we passed all the SIFI test and if I would ever require another bank, I would be more attractive to them if they gone to the same rigger because it improves half of my due diligence. So I'm actually supporter of it and knowing that we are in it anyway, we're going to make the best of it.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Hey, everybody. Good morning. One big picture question, just following up on that normalization effect. Given that -- and the structural changes to the balance sheet given LCR and some of these intersecting points between that path to growth and rates, do you still see a path that long-term 1.6-1.9 ROA is achievable? And is there anything that has happened over the last couple of years that would prevent the company from getting back to that point as you look further ahead?
Richard Davis: I'm quite bullish that is not a problem, we will get there because the income will be so much higher. The ROE well for ever be lower for all banks based on the requirements that have been placed in this new world for higher capital and that's the e part of the equation. But the ROE is really a function, just how much money we can make and the quality which we do and that is no one is really taken that from us as long as consumers and business needs banks and use us and I have ever reason things that 1.6 to 1.9 ranges quite still reasonable and I think for our ROE, the 16 to 19 lower not there yet will also find its way through our normal standards and I think also think it will be at the high end of the peer group. So were sticking with those numbers, they are not evidential the day but I think at a year or more two you will see them again very quickly.
Ken Usdin: Okay, got you. And then on a short-term question, just on mortgage banking, can you talk a little bit about the drivers of the really strong gain on sale margins and whether they are sustainable? And then also, if you have it, just the mix purchase refi in both the volume and the apps?
Kathy Rogers: This is Kathy, well I will go ahead and start with the - just the mix of the volume. So, as, in quarter four, we were kind of in that purchases versus refi kind of 70 percent purchase, 30 percent refi. We did as rate started coming down, we did see a shift of that into the first quarter probably in that more closure to that 55, 44 so we did see a little bit of a pick up and the refis, we look out, we still see volumes increasing, we would expect to see seasonal impacts related to second quarter people , should go out or probably will be out buying and we would think, that we would start to see a little bit of shift back to purchase versus refi markets. And I think if we think about the rates, as you know kind of our margins have been up on a linked quarter basis about 10 basis points year-over-year about 28 basis points and I would think that has we look to quarter two, we would expect to see that trend be slightly increasing margins.
Ken Usdin: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John McDonald of Sanford Bernstein.
John McDonald: Hi, good morning, Richard. Question on the CCAR. You've been a leader in payout and cap returns for the last couple years. That said, the magnitude of your requested increase in dividends and buybacks this year was a little less than the Street was expecting and relative to peer increases. Did you look at the results and kind of feel like, wow, I left some money on the table or we were conservative here, particularly on the dividend payout? Maybe just some thoughts on what you were thinking as you went through the request and kind of how you felt when you looked afterwards?
Richard Davis: Yeah, thats a really fair question. I had no regrets after I read everybodys but I did studied hard as you would expect we would, let me put this way and just in my just be philosophy but until interest rates start to move again and we have a higher sense of control over the final outcomes that we provide you guys. It didnt seem reasonable to me and had nothing to do with the fact that we should increase our dividend above that 30%, 31% level, until which time we had more control. So youll never hear on this call that were going to wave our ability to create outcomes because something else is changing our future like interest rates. We has to manage to it but it does take away our ability to be certain that we have control over the bottom line and this whole discussion today about when interest rates move, its torture for us but at the same time, I havent stretch so hard that I have to worry that something doesnt go like we hope to, - that the company is now over expending or that I miss my opportunity to work with the fact to exceed that 30%. Another way to say it is, Im prepared to as effect from more than 30% on dividends, what I feel that we got to control over the profit we put together in October and like in the old days, its highly deliverable in the next year solely based on our execution not on somebodys else decision on when the rights move. So, thats where you are seeing as a company that is conservative to control its own destiny and not wanted to send signals and tell that we can confirm it. I would not have asked for more than 30%, 31% and in terms of buy backs that will probably be the other place youll see us extending ourselves a little further because we do have control over that, we can shut them up if we need to. And so at the end of the day you probably will see our buybacks go up a little more than our dividend request double and I think as soon as we get that confident that we have the control of the entire company like we want youre going to see us to be a little more aggressive. But for now, Im satisfied with where we are and actually quite pleased with how this has moved out nice and slow and predictable, repeatable. I think our shareholders at least can count on a steady state return and thats what I promise them.
John McDonald: Okay, thanks. That's very clear and fair. On that point about the controllable/non-controllable, you mentioned that you've got the plan for a modest positive operating leverage, but it could get tough if you don't get the midyear rate hike. What is the debate that you have there? It sounds like you don't want to cut too much and cut into muscle. Do you have some kind of break the glass program to use? This is going to be longer than we thought? Is there room on deposit funding costs or other expenses even though you are already pretty lean where you can pull and try to get this balance right?
Richard Davis: That is the dilemma, right, broken glass. And so we've never invited a third party to come and tell us how to watch our expenses. We have never created a special campaign and named it tell people that they are going to lose their job and stop with that. We are not going to do that and I am not. Maybe it is the effect of being in this for eight years but what I like to do is have gone through this whole recession and not have had to do that because I just cant describe to you the impact of execution when the employees trust the company and trust that they are going to be safe. Its just its remarkable. So I rather have 67,000 people here who feel really good about their job and the company that has their back through the tough times that has 69,500 we're at any time 2,500 wonder if they are going to lose their job and the other 67,000 wonder if they are the next. So, I cant explain that very well as a CEO, its almost, we will have somebody to try to write a book on it but thats really important to me and this team into this board. If you told me interest rates are going to be flat for the next three years, I believe that to be the case, we do have the broken glass scenario. It would be reduction in force. It would be a very aggressive but thoughtful, precise reduction in people and in expenses and things that honestly you would know would impair the near term and long term but you would have to do it to get to the other side. Im hardly convinced after this eight years of recession that we're going to get interest rates to move again. I do believe its worth hanging on. So, I will give you my Richard Davis dorky way of thinking about it. Remember in high school, the bar hang, the bar hang was a test we have to take for the President's Fitness Award. The bar hang was 90 seconds on the bar and if you remembered it all, the last 10 seconds were a torture. But they were equal to the exact same value as the first ten second which were nothing. And I feel like we are here at the last 10 seconds and this company is going to hang on longer than anybody and it is torture but I want to do it for the right reasons because in two years and four years and six years, you guys are all going to be asking how we are doing in a positive environment with a great economy and I want to harken back to times like this and say, we gave up a 10 year to a near term profit in order to be able to say to you here in the future that we are amazing company doing as well in great times as we did in the tough time. So that is the discussion around the table and I am holding up for your advice not to do any reduction in force so that we can have a great future while watching every penny which you know we have done for years that we do have expected extended this point in time. Its tough.
John McDonald: All right, well, keep hanging and thank you.
Richard Davis: Well thank you. Good one. I should have violins in the back too - 
John McDonald: Better than pull ups.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo of CLSA.
Mike Mayo: Hi. How much did the low tax rate help this quarter?
Kathy Rogers: Mike, that helped us this quarter by about a penny.
Mike Mayo: Okay, so I guess versus consensus you would have been a penny short or maybe there are some offsets to that. But if you were a penny short, then what are some of the risks that you are not taking that might have held back your earnings? Richard, you just mentioned the bar hang and 67,000 people who will be more productive over the next 5 to 10 years because they don't have to worry about a strategy of the day. But in addition to that, what else are you doing that might hold back earnings now for the benefit of the future?
Richard Davis: To tell people, people because Ive got all the other expenses quite well aligned, our compliance cost are still at the high point but theyre not getting higher because we manage that and were moving through the momentary stages of some of these creation of the compliance groups, the order functions and even the first-line defense in the lines of business. There is no expenses that were not watching and havent and there is really no other activity but FTE paying people fairly and compensating them well.  So Mike thats and following Johns question they are perfect back to back, it would be simply around sitting on the table and say we cut people and we simply dont want to do that. So thats all were doing is asking them to work harder, your decision is whether or not weve got enough of a good culture here that our people will work harder, they will sustain it and they will do better than others and thats good enough and otherwise you can challenge the fact that I either should be taking a reduction of  or that should be adding a bunch of people and taking hits from you guys for having really negative operating leverage and Im not doing that either, it is kind of right down the middle. But were not withholding on anything else that would cause us to be unable to deliver on everything we said we would in tough and especially in good times.
Mike Mayo: I guess I am stuck on that last 10 seconds of the 90-second bar hang. And sometimes, especially as you get older, I am finding this out, it makes sense just to let go, so --.
Richard Davis: This is funny because last night I told my wife, what I was going to say if this came up at some  talking to this stupid bar hang, what you will think and she smiled and she turned around and she said and just a record tell them you actually hung on for two minutes. So the fact is this company can hang on past the 90 seconds, we can. We are not all actually ready to roll. But its tough always I was trying to say not that we are about to follow, it just gets really tough and as long as you know that its the gut that carries you through the stuff and the best companies and our business are going to be the ones who have the will and the ability and the trust to get through it. Im just convinced it again the book on the right but its that degree spirit of a company acting like a person that believes anything is possible and delivering it with the certain level of pride. But Ive got nothing more to show you forward.
Mike Mayo: Last follow-up on this Richard Davis versus the 10 year bond?
Richard Davis: Yes. I thought that. I stop a minute, its down 25 basis points since we last talked, it has fallen below two but go ahead ask your question?
Mike Mayo: Well no, just the quarterly update. Seems like you're feeling better about the economy, but we are still waiting for it. Is -- what -- how -- do you feel better than last quarter about the economy, or are we just all still waiting here?
Richard Davis: Johns question is very beginning exactly I feel better about the economy, I did 90 days ago, I can see that its not better for banking in the near term. It is that simple and when rates move up, I am going to love the economy and Im going to love the Fed, I am going to love our future. But right now I think the economy is really that strong, record stock market performance, Europe is coming back, we have got customers  cash all over the place, they have got money in their pocket because fuel prices are down and they dont need bankers much as they are going to need us. So we just want to keep them all, it is happy customers and we will be there when they are ready but right now we are probably on the low end of their need to get through the day priorities and for that its not correlated, a great strong economy and improving economy is not necessary good for banks until rates start to kick in.
Mike Mayo: All right. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Paul Miller of FBR.
Paul Miller: Hey, can you talk a little bit about -- because you've got some of the best, I think, mobile apps out there and how -- and everybody is seeing mobile banking really pick up especially with the new accounts. How do you see the mobile banking, online banking in your branch system work together?
Richard Davis : I will go first and have Andy jump in, you know I were really good in mobile banking is because were great in mobile payments and I take into out much that matters and I actually wouldnt know if I had a bank that didnt have this large payments, I would just, I would know what I dont know. We have a thing called the grove, grove down in Atlanta where we have our payments group it is hundreds of people is that they are going to do nothing but work on merchants and consumer paradigms and modules on how to change the way they move money around. And its a ton of customer who is up for lot of money we spend and by the way I havent taken that out all of our forecast but because we have merchants who work with us to create better mobile apps, the net transfers backwards to mobile banking because mobile banking is just kind of a mini app to people moving money intrabank and between them and merchants and the merchants are really the smart ones that had a good stuff and sold and stuff moved about. So that is one of the reasons were so good at it and because we have people in house that are focused on something even greater than that. And Im kind of excited to showcase that particularly high at our next investor meeting little over a year from now. So that is one of the reasons we do well, it relates to the branch staying there or the benefactors of that and Andy you might carry on.
Andy Cecere: In addition to why Richard said, I would mention that the other key aspect of this is making sure the branch is working together with the mobile payments and mobile banking side of the equation. So theyre working as one, so the seamless delivery of transactions and products and the ability to buy or sell looking at it from the perspective of a customer and if they start something on mobile, want to finish it the branch or vice versa that were all in sync in terms of the process from a customers perspective. And Paul I appreciate bring it up because most of you guys live on East Coast and bank on East Coast and you actually dont get to experience us so there is not a branch down the street that I can send you to or you dont just walk, buy and see whatever our current collateral is but if you all want to come online and take a look at it, its really, really good stuff and it would be our pleasure to have you experience us through a more mobile approach than just perhaps the old brick and mortar.
Paul Miller: Well, I know we've seen when somebody comes up with a really cool mobile app, it's copied very quickly. But one of the things that you have that I have not seen anybody else have is the automatic bill pay app. Is that just because you work with the merchants so close you are able to develop it? Do you think other people will be able to develop that same product?
Andy Cecere: I think it gets back to what Richard talked about which is our R&D and looking at different aspects of what we can do on a mobile app and what we can do in a branch and what people can do at home and then doing in ATM and trying to make everything as convenient as possible and as a cross channel as possible as we can.
Paul Miller: Okay guys. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache of Nomura.
Bill Carcache: Good morning. Thank you. Richard, I had a follow-up on your comments about rate increases and positive operating leverage. To the extent that the frequency and magnitude of rate increases came in lower than what the market currently expects, do you have a sense for how much of an increase you would need to see to achieve operating leverage? Maybe if you could just give us a sense of whether you have kind of run through the math and what that breakpoint is?
Richard Davis: Yes Im pretty transparent, we expect it to increase starting in June, June, July, September, December 25 each, if that doesnt happen you can back into our math and do a pretty quick calc and that flows down and moves pay to September and only one in December which is now the prevailing view that will put pressure on our positive operating leverage. I have no idea what the next nine months of this year going to be, they will be very, very tough will be very close to flat or even slightly negative and that would be where I get back around the table like John and Mike talked and sit down the group and say does that enough of the reason for us to carry favor with the investment community to try to be positive from one year which you may or may not remember in order to do something draconian or do I take my lumpsum, have you guys little disappointed but understand why we had a slight negative operating leverage to live to fight next year when things will be highly positive. I will probably go to the latter but I will promise you - conversation and every time there is an adjustment we will see the impacts and decide whether or not its worthy of taking a near term or longer term view.
Bill Carcache: Understood. That's very clear. Thank you. If we look at your loan growth -- on a separate topic -- on a year-over-year basis to take out seasonality, the growth in residential mortgage in particular has been decelerating for about nine quarters and turned negative this quarter. And I think we are kind of -- by looking at it year-over-year, we would strip out seasonality. So I'm not sure like some of the comments about weather and stuff would really play a role. I was hoping maybe you could talk a little more specifically about your outlook there and address how you are thinking about that deceleration and what gives you confidence going forward in the resumption of growth in that area in particular.
Andy Cecere: Bill this is Andy, the principal reason for that decline is our smart refinance product that is a branch originated high quality refinance product that has been shrinking because refinance volumes were coming down throughout the year as rates were not moving down as rapidly. The pipeline for that right now is little stronger because of what we saw in the first quarter, so I think you will start to see a little bit of an uptick certainly done a downtick in that category in the future quarter and then the other wildcard in the overall category is home equity loans as I mentioned in the retail category which were seeing strong growth and strong pipelines.
Bill Carcache: Excellent thanks very much and I appreciate it.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Nancy Bush of NAB Research.
Nancy Bush: Good morning. Sorry I came into the call late. Another of your competitors' call ran way over, but --. 
Andy Cecere: No matter what you say I am going to say we already answered it.
Nancy Bush: No you are not going to get away with that.
Andy Cecere: All right, I will try.
Nancy Bush: Yes, one of your competitors just did a material purchase of CRE loans from GE Capital and it looks like GE Capital is going to be the gift that keeps on giving. So I am wondering if you have any appetite for that or if you are looking in other places for portfolios of loans?
Andy Cecere: Yes and yes. More than I have in the past because if I cant deploy it in normal course, then I have got deposits, I honestly love and tell that but dont know what to do as the answer is yes to both. GE is way too early to know until they get out some RFPs and take a look at what pieces particularly leasing would be of interest to us as we look at our big equipment financing business that we have here in the company and there are other portfolios that we would be interested in defending that could be credit card portfolios, it could be high quality auto portfolios but its got to be something that we do already. It has got to be underwritten qualities that we would do ourselves and if we do something of any size, we are going to spend more time and due-diligence will be a nightmare for whoever it is because we want to due diligence likely underwrite it ourselves and if we cant get that level of comfort. I will pass all day long because I really dont need to introduce anybody elses problems into our otherwise high credit quality but my appetite is definitely higher based on the lack of alternatives on how to deploy both the deposit growth we have and capital that we are starting out to build.
Nancy Bush: And given the portfolios that you may be seeing right now, is the pricing attractive? We're still scratching our heads over that.
Andy Cecere: Thats a good question in fact as we put our student loan portfolio out for sale, they are attractive to us because there is a market out to the people who want to pay a premium it seems for something that we have less value for. So I do think that its going to be the expensive proposition if you dont get it the right way and if you dont due diligence and underwrite it properly for potential risk as we all think the world we have today is a good proxy for how loans will perform. So I think, I think its going to be rough tough to find something you like at the right value and thats why we wont overpay either and that is one of the reasons we are attracted at this moment to put our portfolios, student loans out for sale because there seems to be a fairly robust level of interest and premium out there that will take. So it may just come down the fact that will look but we wont like the pricing will step away anyway.
Nancy Bush: Yes, and just a final note on that. It looks like the deal that Wells Fargo did was something of a joint venture with Blackstone. Are you seeing other private equity pools or whatever out there that you might want to do some kind of similar transaction with?
Andy Cecere: I dont know their deal but no we dont like partners. We are not great good partner. We want to own it, we want to control it, and with third party particularly, third party in every way now in banking has become an intensely added risk. It is like more than a two. So anything we do with the third party we have to operate it though we have full control, we have to have information that allows us to have full control and then if you dont have full control even if you have all the information, it is a whole lot less rewarding when something happens you are not absolutely able to predict. So for us probably not.
Nancy Bush: Okay. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Thanks Nancy and by the way we have not answered that question.
Operator: There are no further questions.
Richard Davis: Perfect thanks, operator.
Sean O'Connor: Thanks for joining our call this morning. And if you have any follow-up questions please contact me this afternoon. Thank you.
Richard Davis: Thanks everybody.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-21 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Sean O'Connor - SVP and Director of Investor Relations Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President and CEO Andrew Cecere - Vice Chairman and COO P.W. Parker - Vice Chairman and Chief Risk Officer
Analysts: Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley John McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein Bill Carache - Nomura Securities John Pancari - Evercore ISI Eric Wasserstrom - Guggenheim Securities Richard Bove - Rafferty Capital Markets Bryan Batory - Jefferies & Co. Mike Mayo - CLSA Jessica Ribner - FBR Nancy Bush - NAB Research
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorp's Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Richard Davis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Andy Cecere, U.S. Bancorp's Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately noon Eastern Time through Wednesday, January 28 at midnight Eastern Time. I will now turn the conference call over to Sean O'Connor, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Sean O'Connor: Thank you, Paula, and good morning to everyone who has joined our call. Richard Davis, Andy Cecere, Bill Parker and Kathy Rogers are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorp's fourth quarter and full year 2014 results and answer your questions. Richard and Andy will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of the slide presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our Web-site at usbank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of today's presentation, in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard K. Davis: Thank you, Sean. Good morning everybody and thank you for joining our call. I'll begin with a few highlights from U.S. Bank's 2014 full year results on Page 3 of the presentation. U.S. Bank reported record net income of $5.9 billion for the full year of 2014 or $3.08 per diluted common share. We achieved industry leading profitability with the return on average assets of 1.54%, a return on average common equity of 14.7% and an efficiency ratio of 53.2%. Total average loans grew by 6.3% and average deposits grew a strong 6.5% year-over-year. Credit quality continued to improve with an 8.9% decline in net charge offs and 11.2% decrease in non-performing assets. Our capital position ended the year stronger with a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio estimated for the Basel III standardized approach as fully implemented of 9%. In total, we returned $4 billion or 72% of our 2014 earnings to the shareholders in the form of dividends and buybacks. Turning to Slide 4 and our quarterly highlights, U.S. Bank reported net income of $1.5 billion for the fourth quarter of 2014 or $0.79 per diluted common share. Total average loans grew by 5.9% year-over-year and 1% linked-quarter. In addition, we continued to experience strong loan growth, strong growth in average deposits. Credit quality remained strong. Total net charge-offs decreased by 8.3% from the prior quarter while total non-performing assets declined 6% on a linked-quarter basis. We continued to generate significant capital this quarter. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio estimated for the Basel III standardized approach as fully implemented was 9% at December 31. We repurchased 11 million shares of common stock during the fourth quarter which along with our dividend resulted in a 66% return of earnings to our shareholders in the fourth quarter. Slide 5 provides you with a five-quarter history of our performance metrics, and they continue to be among the best in the industry. Return on average assets in the fourth quarter was 1.5% and return on average common equity was 14.4%. Moving over to the graph on the right, you can see that this quarter's net interest margin was 3.14%, and Andy will discuss the margin in more detail in just a few minutes. Our efficiency ratio for the fourth quarter was 54.3%, lower than the prior year. Excluding the impact of notable items in the fourth quarter, our efficiency ratio was 53.8%. We expect this ratio will remain in the low 50s going forward as we continue to manage expenses in relation to revenue trends while continuing to invest in and grow our businesses. Turning to Slide 6, the Company reported total net revenue in the fourth quarter of $5.2 billion, a 5.7% increase from the prior year. Excluding the impact of this quarter's gain related to an equity investment in Nuveen, total net revenue increased 3.2% from the prior year. The increase was due to higher net interest income as well as higher revenue in most fee businesses. Average loan and deposit growth is summarized on Slide 7. Average total loans outstanding increased by almost $14 billion or 5.9% year-over-year and 1% linked quarter. Adjusting for the Charter One acquisition, total average loans grew 5.5% year-over-year. Overall and excluding covered loans, which is a run-up portfolio, average total loans grew by 7.1% year-over-year and 1.2% linked-quarter. Again this quarter the increase in average loans outstanding was led by strong growth in average total commercial loans, which grew by 15.5% year-over-year and 2.9% over the prior quarter. Total average commercial real estate loans also grew increasing 4.2% year-over-year and 0.3% linked-quarter. Residential real estate loans grew 2.2% year-over-year and were relatively flat on a linked-quarter basis. Average credit card loans increased 3.6% year-over-year and were up 1.3% on a linked-quarter basis. Total other retail loans grew by 3.6% year-over-year and 0.8% over the prior quarter, mainly driven by steady growth in auto loans. We continue to originate and renew loans and lines for our customers. New originations excluding mortgage production plus new and renewed commitments totaled approximately $53 billion in the fourth quarter. Total average revolving commercial and commercial real estate commitments continued to grow at a fast pace, increasing year-over-year by 13.3% and 3% on a linked-quarter basis. Line utilization was relatively flat in the fourth quarter. Total average deposits increased almost $19 billion or 7.2% over the same quarter of last year and 1.6% over the previous quarter. Excluding the Charter One acquisition, the growth rate remained strong at 5.5% on a year-over-year basis. Growth in low-cost interest checking, money market and savings deposits was particularly strong on a year-over-year basis. Turning to Slide 8 and credit quality, total net charge-offs declined 8.3% on a linked-quarter basis and 1.3% on a year-over-year basis. The ratio of net charge-offs to average loans outstanding was 0.50% in the fourth quarter. Nonperforming assets decreased by 6% on a linked-quarter basis and 11.2% from the fourth quarter of 2013. The loss sharing agreement for the commercial and commercial real estate loans acquired from the FDIC, which comprised the majority of the nonperforming covered assets, expired at the end of the fourth quarter of 2014. During the fourth quarter, we released $20 million of reserves, $5 million less than the third quarter of 2014 and $15 million less than the fourth quarter of last year. Given the mix and quality of our portfolio, we currently expect the net charge-offs and total nonperforming assets to remain relatively stable in the first quarter of 2015. Andy will now give you a few more details about our fourth quarter results.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks, Richard. Slide 9 gives you a view of our fourth quarter 2014 results versus comparable time periods. Our diluted EPS of $0.79 was 3.9% higher than the fourth quarter of 2013 and 1.3% higher than the prior quarter. The key drivers of the Company's fourth quarter earnings are summarized on Slide 10. Fourth quarter results reflected notable items that in combined increased diluted earnings per common share by $0.01. The notable items included $124 million gain related to an equity investment in Nuveen Investments and $88 million of additional expense comprised of $35 million of charitable contributions and $53 million related to recent developments in certain legal matters. The $32 million or 2.2% increase in net income year-over-year was principally due to an increase in total net revenue, driven by increases in net interest income, fee-based revenue and the impact of notable items. The Company also achieved positive operating leverage on a year-over-year basis. Net interest income was up 2.4% year-over-year, as an increase in average earning assets was partially offset by lower net interest margin including lower loan fees. The $35 billion increase in average earning assets year-over-year included growth in average total loans as well as planned increases in the securities portfolio. The net interest margin of 3.14% was 26 basis points lower than the fourth quarter of 2013, primarily due to growth in the investment portfolio at lower average rates, lower loan fees and lower rates of new loans, partially offset by lower funding costs. Lower loan fees were due to the previously communicated wind-down of Checking Account Advance, our short-term, small-dollar deposit advanced product. Noninterest income increased $214 million or 9.9% year-over-year due to higher revenue in most fee businesses and higher other income including the impact of the Nuveen gain. We saw growth in retail and corporate payments, merchant processing, trust and investment management fees, deposit service charges, treasury management fees and investment product fees. Noninterest expense increased year-over-year by $122 million or 4.5%, primarily due to the accruals for legal matters, charitable contributions and an increase in compensation expense reflecting the impact of merit increases, acquisitions and higher staffing for risk and compliance activities. Net income was higher on a linked-quarter basis by $17 million or 1.2%, mainly due to the higher net interest income, the impact of the notable items and a decrease in the provision for credit losses. On a linked-quarter basis, net interest income increased 1.9%, mainly due to an increase in average earning assets, partially offset by lower loan and investment security rates. The net interest margin of 3.14% was 2 basis points lower than the third quarter, principally due to the growth in lower rate investment securities, partially offset by unusually high interest recoveries. These unusually high interest recoveries added approximately 2 basis points to the fourth quarter net interest margin. On a linked-quarter basis, noninterest income was higher by $128 million or 5.7%. This favorable variance was primarily due to higher other income including the impact of the Nuveen gain, partially offset by lower mortgage banking revenue and seasonally lower corporate payments revenue. On a linked-quarter basis, noninterest expense increased by $119 million or 7.3% due to seasonally higher cost related to investments and tax advantage projects, higher professional services and the notable items including the charitable contributions and legal accruals. Turning to Slide 11, our capital position is strong. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio estimated using the Basel III standardized approach as if fully implemented at December 31 was 9.0%. At 9.0%, we are well above the 7% Basel III minimum requirement. Our tangible book value per share rose to $15.96 at December 31, representing a 10.8% increase over the same quarter of last year and a 1.9% increase over the prior quarter. Our return on tangible common equity was 20% for the fourth quarter. Also, we are complying with fully implemented U.S. liquidity coverage ratio based on our interpretation of the final rolls. I'll now turn the call back to Richard.
Richard K. Davis: Thank you, Andy. I'm very proud of our 2014 results. We reported record net income, maintained our industry-leading performance measures and returned 72% of our earnings to shareholders. These results are directly tied to the hard work and dedication of our employees. In fact last week I had the privilege of leading our 9th Annual All Employee Meeting. There was a pleasure to once again make this annual connection with our employees and to thank them for their contributions and for our success. I'd also like to take this opportunity to congratulate Andy and Kathy. Yesterday we announced that Andy has been promoted to the Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer where he will be responsible for our core lines of business. Andy has demonstrated tremendous leadership as CFO and we are confident in his ability to manage our businesses effectively and execute our customer-focused growth strategy. Kathy Rogers, currently EVP responsible for Business Line Planning & Reporting including the stress test process, will replace Andy as Vice Chairman and CFO. Kathy has been with U.S. Bank for 28 years and has served in a variety of leadership roles within the finance organization. Many of you have already met Kathy and I know she looks forward to meeting the rest of you very soon. So as we head into 2015, we remain focused on extending our exceptional track record or financial performance for the benefit of our customers, our employees, our communities and our shareholders. That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Bill, Kathy and I would now be happy to answer questions from the audience.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Jon Arfstrom of RBC Capital Markets.
Jon Arfstrom: Just on the topic of the promotion, I think we're all big Andy supporters, we appreciate the new role for him, but can you maybe share what drove the change and is there anything you are trying to signal or anything that changes with the way the Company is going to be run, and anything change in your role, Richard?
Richard K. Davis: My role doesn't change but it is a chance for Andy to demonstrate the same acumen he's had in the financial role by running the revenue business lines, and as we move through this transition I think as the economy starts to get better, I'm quite excited to have him keenly focused on what leverage we can create as the economy picks up. I'll continue to be running the whole Company but focus especially on the support teams and the compliance and the operating integrity that's gotten this Company to this point so far. And it is fairly transparent, it's a chance to give Andy an opportunity to prove that he can run virtually all parts of the Company in the eventual opportunity for him to run it someday.
Jon Arfstrom: Good, thank you. And then just a question on 2015 in terms of some of your targets, historically you've had this 4% to 6% loan growth target and I think it kind of changes from quarter to quarter your level of optimism, but are you feeling optimistic and do you feel is that the right range, 4% to 6%, and what does it take to get to the higher end of that?
Richard K. Davis: Yes, Jon, actually I'm optimistic. So we've been sitting in that 1% to 1.5% linked-quarter for a while and this quarter you see we were at the lower end of that, but for the year you look back and we are just short of 6% year-over-year loan growth, and we're just projecting a higher number for 2015, slightly higher, in the high 6, low 7. So if we are accurate, and we usually are, then we see that as a small but steady continued improvement in loan growth. Let me take you back to 10 years ago, for those who remember though, we are not going to be dissuaded by people who want to compare us to those who are growing loans faster in a given quarter because we never have been impacted by that, but I could remember 10 years ago being questioned on a call like this for why our loan growth isn't as fast as someone else's, and we're just not managing to that point. We're managing to high-quality loan portfolio. I think our quality of charge-offs and nonperforming assets will prove that. And so, tempting as it might be to tell you guys we're going to move to 1.5% to 2% linked quarter or 8% to 10% year-over-year, the economy doesn't warrant that yet and we're going to continue to take market share on the pricing benefits and the quality benefits we've been using for the last five to seven years, and as the economy slowly improves so will our loan growth but not remarkably, and therefore in a few years you'll be satisfied that we have remarkably high credit quality and a continued stability on what we promised through the entire cycle. So, I think we're optimistic for all the right reasons but at a small incremental level from perhaps 1% higher year-over-year than we did in '13.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay. Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: When we met back in November, we talked a little bit about outlook for investing in the business and some of the things you were asking the business unit heads to do, and I guess I'm just wondering if the game plan to grow the business with kind of current headcount is still in place, basically wondering if you're thinking about expanding at this stage to capture more market share or to do the same, to grow the market share with the same?
Richard K. Davis: Got it. I'll repeat it in a different way. What we said was 2014 was the year that we'll continue to keep an eye on any discretionary expenses that would otherwise not be as important given the fact that expenses were going to be challenged and the fact that the economy was slow. 2015, I think like a lot of our peers, we've adopted the Fed's interest-rate scenario which starts to move up in the middle of the year. If that happens, that's awesome. But if it doesn't, we're not entirely related. It's not going to make or break this Company on whether interest rates move up. We're going to control a lot of other things. So the first half of '15, given Fed's interest-rate scenario, it will a lot like all of '14 where we'll continue to invest where we have to, we'll watch the discretionary investments and keep them perhaps, defer them a bit until we can see a stronger economy, we'll add the compliance, operating risk areas, audit areas where we think we continue to need to make sure we're at the right level of support, and then when interest rates hit, we're ready to pop and move on to some of these more discretionary investments. What's really good about it though is we'll continue to grow market share, we'll continue to do well even though there's really no underlying reason for it but the fact that the employees are just better. They work harder, they find more opportunities in each relationship, our employee engagement is at record levels which I think informs employees that are engaged are intensely [indiscernible] where they can do more with whatever assets they are given and they'll continue to do it if they believe the Company's future is strong and that they are part of it. So I'm quite comfortable that in the next six months we can keep doing what we've been doing. If rates move up then we are all glad and we're going to move right on to start adding back, but if they don't this Company still controls a lot of levers and we're not completely relying on whether rates move up and we'll just manage it one month at a time like we do every year and look forward to talking to you when things are better.
Betsy Graseck: Okay, so if rates don't go up, there is still the hold the line to the line on headcount expenses?
Richard K. Davis: Yes, except for the areas where it's either necessary or the opportunity is too great to pass. There are plenty of things where you can get an ROI in the same calendar year with an investment. I'm taking all those I can. But some of those ROIs are three-year paybacks, four-year paybacks, they're great ideas but they're not necessarily the best investment at a time when you're trying to be prudent against an otherwise difficult backdrop. So we'll hold those off for a while longer. We have so far and it hasn't hurt us permanently and I don't think it will for another six months, even 12 if we had to.
Betsy Graseck: Okay, so you can flex if the rate environment changes from the said outlook is the takeaway?
Richard K. Davis: You got it.
Betsy Graseck: And then just the follow-up is on the auto leasing business, we had some information over the last couple of weeks that [indiscernible] was going in house. I'm wondering how that impacts you.
Richard K. Davis: Not much. I mean the headlines are sometimes just that. For us the leasing business is part of our very big indirect auto lending and this is leasing, and for us it's probably 10%, maybe 15% of our leasing business, which is a small fraction of our total lending business. So it's not material in every sense of the word literally and figuratively and we do leasing with virtually every other party as well. So this wasn't a core fundamental pillar of our success in auto leasing. So we're not worried that we can't replace it pretty shortly.
Operator: Your next question comes from John McDonald of Bernstein.
John McDonald: Richard, I was wondering your kind of high-level thoughts on how you are viewing the revenue to expense relationship unfolding in 2015 given what you laid out for Betsy in terms of your rate outlook, how do you see revenues and expenses kind of in your base case this year and what are the key wildcards?
Richard K. Davis: So, John, if you look back on 2014, we grew revenue just a little bit over 1%. This is kind of normalizing for all the noise we had, and expenses were up just a little more than 1%, slightly negative operating leverage. So shame on us, we're disappointed, but it's the way it rolled out. If interest rates move up in the middle of the year consistent with the Fed's recommendation, we will see revenue in the 3% to 4% kind of range and expenses more in the 2% to 3% kind of range. If they don't, then we're going to have to struggle to get really close to positive operating leverage just like we did for '14, and to dwell on Betsy's question, we know exactly how to do that without killing the future, but it will be a lot less enjoyable. We'll have to continue to get it through until we see interest rates giving us the benefit of higher revenue. I just want to say, we are positive, we're extra positive of interest rates growing but based on our trust and payments business particularly, more than most banks, when interest rates move up, for us it's because the proxy of the economy getting better that then triggers all kinds of benefits on our income statement, a lot more than just the spread in the margin. So we kind of see the way we're positioned, we're kind of attuned for interest rates increasing because it's the fundamental reason that the increase is going to benefit some of our fee businesses. But we're going to be positive, we're shooting for positive operating leverage at higher levels of both operating revenue and operating expenses, but to follow Betsy's question and time together, if something less positive occurs we're able to adjust to it and we've got a team that knows how to manage that, they've proven it and we're not going to disappoint you guys.
John McDonald: Great. And just a nuance on the rates up scenario and your base case, if the Fed does act in the second half of the year, but we still see long rates low because of global issues, how does that impact the outlook for revenue growth and is that an incremental challenge, and Andy, how do you manage through the balance sheet with long rate so low and does that create pressure on your base case scenario if the 10-year stays low like this?
Andrew Cecere: The short answer, John, is no. The long rate is less impactful to us. We're most impactful at the very short end and if you think about the middle then two to three years is where we have a lot of impact. We don't have a lot of assets in our book that are at the 10 year and beyond mark, so that's less impactful. Again the short end is the most impactful to us, both in net interest income as well as fee income because of the way we're using our money funds.
John McDonald: Okay. And then just a quick follow up, Andy, what's your outlook for the net interest margin in the first quarter?
Andrew Cecere: Sure, John. So if you think about this quarter, third quarter we were 3.16%, this quarter we were 3.14% and frankly it was a little bit better than we expected and what we told you it was going to be. And the reason for that, part of the reason for that is we have usually high interest recoveries this quarter, and I talked about that in my prepared remarks, and that helped margin by about 2 basis points. I would expect that to dissipate going into the first quarter. So you think about our core being at 3.12%, I would expect us to be down a few basis points in the first quarter from that 3.12% for the same reasons we've talked about, which is the loan mix, principally wholesale versus retail, and then the last tail of our securities build. So we sort of had first average part of it in the fourth quarter, we'll pick up the rest of it in the first quarter. And we are done. We ended the quarter at $100 billion, we're over the 100% LCR ratio. So we're done with it but we'll still have a little bit of a lingering impact, so down a few from 3.12% in the first quarter.
John McDonald: Okay, something like 3% to 5% or 2% to 4%, just something in that range?
Andrew Cecere: Yes.
John McDonald: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Carache of Nomura Securities.
Bill Carache: So given your loan growth expectations and the NIM commentary that you just provided, can you talk about your ability to grow NII under the different rate environments that you've been discussing?
Andrew Cecere: We will grow NII on a year-over-year basis, both the combination of what Richard talked about and what I talked about on rates. So our expectation is net interest income will grow. Now in the first quarter, if you think about it on a linked quarter basis, the first quarter has two fewer days and that costs us just under $40 million. So absent that, we'll be slightly, relatively stable but the first quarter is a little down because of days.
Bill Carache: Okay, thank you. I had another question on your payments business. On the issuing side, you guys reported a solid acceleration in payment volume growth this quarter. Can you give us a sense of the interplay between pressure on purchase volume growth from lower gas prices on one hand and increased spending power that the consumer enjoys on the other, does the acceleration that you saw this quarter suggest that the latter dominates the former or is it too early to tell and the acceleration is a function of something else, maybe some color around that?
Richard K. Davis: I think the answer is, yes, lots of questions, but latter does it from the former. So here's the deal. We've got this really great opportunity with our corporate payments, not just our retail issuing, to see that and government, we can see pretty much where everything is moving around and we can see directly and very quickly the movement in the, let's say first on the corporate side where corporate T&E is still outpacing, and we're still growing that even with the softness of the fuel prices, so we're still seeing T&E grow which is a pretty good sign that businesses are transferring some of that into other expenses. Consumers are the same. So anything related to energy or gas prices has been coming down but the ticket prices and the number of visits people have made to restaurants, hotels and some of those discretionary things that they would spend money on had absolutely gone up. So, Bill, we've seen at least in 90 days almost a perfect correlation from people still spending the money they're saving on gas through their debit, credit or prepaid cards but they are spending on things that I'm sure that a lot of retailers and the restaurateurs are happy about. So we see that evidence both at the consumer and at the corporate level.
Bill Carache: That's really helpful. On the acquiring side, you guys also had nice growth but interestingly that reflected a little bit of deceleration, which is kind of an interesting contrast to the acceleration that we were just talking about on the issuing side. Can you talk about maybe what's driving that?
Andrew Cecere: On the merchant acquiring side, part of that is seasonality. So our fourth quarter is typically lower than our third quarter and that goes to mix of business a little bit. If you think about the issuing side, we have a lot of retail. On the acquiring side, we have less retail, more airlines and the like. And you think about when people buy tickets and so forth, this is less so in the fourth quarter. So it's more seasonal, still we're showing good growth year-over-year, same-store sales is just under 5%.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin of Jefferies. I'm showing he disconnected. Your next question comes from John Pancari of Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: Another question on the margin. Beyond the first quarter, want to get your thoughts on the margin progression. Is it fair to assume 2 to 3 bps of quarterly compression mainly on competitive pressures on loan yield, just want to get your thoughts there?
Andrew Cecere: So I would describe it as 2 to 3 basis points given flat rates more because of loan mix than competitive pressure, although pressure is a little bit of it, but it's more the mix. Most of our growth is coming on the wholesale side of the equation and the wholesale has about half the yield of retail. So that's what's driving that 2 to 3 basis points more than anything, and again that assumes the rates flat to current levels. Once and if and when rates start to move, we'll start to see a positive rise there.
John Pancari: Okay, alright. And then separately on the expense items, just on comp expense and the increase in fourth quarter, was that all performance related, just want to get an idea of what the driver was?
Andrew Cecere: In the fourth quarter we have normal activities going on in increases related to risk and compliance positions for the most part, [indiscernible] headcount and [indiscernible] increases. We had some increases in compensation expense related to incentives. But if you peel those two things out, it was relatively stable.
Richard K. Davis: And John, it was a full effect of our RPS acquisition in Chicago that had a full quarterly effect in quarter four as well, but there was nothing unusual and it doesn't bode for any significant change in quarter one.
John Pancari: Okay, alright. And then lastly just want to ask on credit. You released additional reserves this quarter and wanted to just get your thoughts on where the reserve to loan ratio could bottom out, I mean you're still at a healthy level here, they're around 167 basis points or so.
Richard K. Davis: Bill?
P.W. Parker: Yes, it's 177 on allowance to loans, all-in allowance. I mean it's really a function of our mix. That's why ours look a little bit higher than some of our peers, so we have a higher percentage of credit cards. So obviously we're comfortable with where it's at. You see we have very, very modest reserve release. I think when that inflects, really gets to the point of what kind of loan and commitment growth we see during the coming year. There is a little bit more room for opportunity in some of the residential and home-equity products but at this point it's going to be more a function of loan and commitment growth going forward.
Andrew Cecere: I mean the stability, [indiscernible].
P.W. Parker: Yes, the stability of our credit portfolio right now is the strongest I've ever seen. It's just extremely all the loaners are performing well.
Richard K. Davis: And there surely will be an inflection point for all the banking, right, where eventually you have to reserve for loans that you're making and [the future may go bad but] [ph] we're not looking at that inflection point in the near term for our Company, we're simply not, and we haven't been driving much income off of reserve releases, so we don't have much to gather again from that, but eventually we'll end up reserving for as opposed to releasing but we are not there, now we're not there for a little while.
John Pancari: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Wasserstrom of Guggenheim.
Eric Wasserstrom: I just wanted to follow-up on some of the commentary on fee income growth. I think for the prior year the security gains were about 4% of the noninterest income. So as we think ahead to next year, is the realization of those gains going to be something that continues as kind of a bridge to a better rate environment or were those really just opportunistic and we should really think about growth off of a baseline number of something like 8.8 billion?
Andrew Cecere: The latter. So I think the notable items, the gains that we talked about, the Visa gain in the second quarter, the gain from Nuveen here in the fourth quarter are one-time items that are not likely to repeat, so [exempt] [ph] from that base that is excluding that think about loan growth in there.
Eric Wasserstrom: Okay. So I think absent those things, the growth rate was about 1% in terms of fee income and it looks like the consensus for next year has about implied 5% growth off of that core number. Is that an achievable level given kind of some of the acceleration that we've talked about or is that maybe a stretch?
Andrew Cecere: I think a key factor in '14 was the headwind that we faced in the first half of the year related to the mortgage and if you looked at the mortgage numbers they were down 13%, 14% year-over-year which caused a tremendous headwind in quarters one, two and a little bit in three and you're seeing quarter four we're actually flat for the first time in a long time in mortgage. So I think the removal of that headwind will help us get to the numbers that are higher than we achieved this year.
Richard K. Davis: That's a big deal. We should have had the applause because that is a long anticipated moment where we're starting to grow mortgage again on a year-over-year basis. That is a big number, Eric, so if you do the math, you'll see that it's more than enough to accomplish that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Bove of Rafferty Capital.
Richard Bove: I got to ask as I think 30,000 feet high for a second, when I look at your bank, I can see absolutely nothing wrong. In my view it's about as perfect as a company can get in this industry. And yet when I take a look at Slide 9, I see that on a year-over-year basis the net interest income to common is up 0.6%, I see that the EPS is up 2.7%, and when I take a look at the price of your stock it's up 2.6% last year in a market that's up 11%, and what I'm wondering is, if a bank which is as close to perfection as this one is, can't get its earnings to move up at a faster rate and can't get its stock price to do anything but move up at a rate one quarter that of the market, what will it take to get this thing moving in a direction where the stock is going to equal or outperform the market?
Richard K. Davis: This is Richard. Thanks for that observation. I think U.S. Bank moves best when everything is moving one way or another. So the bank was 10 years ago a fairly considerate bank with a sense of all defense, right, we were an efficiency company, no one ever thought about us making revenue, which is save the next dollar, we can merge and acquire companies and squeeze more out of that than anyone else, and that was well-regarded and well-recognized. Then the downturn hits, and that was our first chance to prove, like I said earlier in an answer to John's question, that while we may not look like we are growing as much in the go-go times, we also chose not to take risks and those showed up later when the economy turned and we ended up getting stronger. I know you know this, you've written about this, we became a flight to quality, a place of safety and we played on that. So now here we are in kind of a flat, slow, slow recovery that's almost flat, so we can't prove anything remarkable except to just say we're not going to disappoint, we're not going to surprise, we're not going to get complicated, we're just going to get it out and do a little bit better than everyone else on all the basic tenants. The next opportunity for us to perform is when the rates pick up because the markets picked up and to show that the Bank is repositioned now to be as strong as it ever was when it was on defense and be better than anyone else on offense. So I'm going to hold your question in the rears until we get the chance to show you that when the recovery starts and because of our high credit quality, our amazing pricing benefits that we have based on our debt ratings, that we are going to be able to show you we can be even better. And then I think the multiple comes back, we even spread further from where we are because we're always sitting at this high multiple that people need us to be, remarkable every quarter to prove and protect, but we are looking forward greatly at the time when the world gets better and we can show you just how positioned we are for that, and there's a lot we did in that period of time, in the last five to seven years, to position this Company as innovative, payments focused, trust leader and global. So I'll look forward to that and I'll ask you to ask me the question again when things start to turn, but I think it makes sense that we hold our own position of strength, kind of the yellow flag is out on the racetrack but when the green flag comes out we'll take off first.
Richard Bove: Again, I have no questions with [indiscernible], I think the way you run the Bank is superb. My issue I guess is, and we heard it again last night in the State of the Union message, will the government prevent the industry from reaching a level where it can show meaningful profit increases or will it come up with a new liquidity capital ratio supplement to leverage ratios, loss absorbing capital ratios and special [indiscernible] for taking high levels of risk? In other words, as you improve your Company, will the government stay one step ahead of you and prevent you from showing the type of improvement that you're getting in the operation of the Company?
Richard K. Davis: I'll tell you I can't answer that because I don't know the answer, but I will say that we're in a closed set of competitors, right, at least as banks go, and we certainly wouldn't trade places with anybody else based on our current position, our size, the fact that we're a domestic city not a global city, the fact that we don't do leverage lending, we don't have high-risk portfolios, and all I'm saying there is, customers, businesses, they're all going to need banks and unless there's a huge alternative I haven't found out there, they're going to need what they need. [It worries me not] [ph] what the government does to impair our profitability, we will be there first amongst few I think at the highest returns and the highest quality to be there to receive those needs from the customers and almost despite  because I mean look, I mean, Dick, we lost $1.5 billion in the last four years over four or five specific government decisions on how to [indiscernible] income and we still had a record year. So we can do this. It's a lot harder, it's a lot less satisfying and it's a lot less predictable, but I think we've figured out how to do this and what we do is control what you can, be very nimble and ready to adjust to the next opportunity, and I for one can't imagine a scenario that would be any more difficult than what we have now, so I'm looking forward to getting a little bit easier with a little more clarity. But I agree, it's complicated and I can't answer directly to your question because it's what I contemplate at 30,000 feet every day.
Operator: Your next question is from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Bryan Batory: This is Bryan Batory from Ken's team. Apologies for the mix-up earlier. I was wondering if you could provide a little color just on the starting point for noninterest expenses in the first quarter '15, just particularly thinking about the reset in other expenses, and then also the potential pension expense increase just given where your long-term rates ended 2014?
Andrew Cecere: This is Andy. If you think about the fourth quarter, there are two unusual items in total. The first is the total of the notables which is $88 million. The second is our higher CDC or the tax advantage amortization which happens every fourth quarter. That was about $60 million. So if you take out that $150 million or so, I would expect us to be relatively flat to that in the first quarter. Secondly with regards to pension expense, year-over-year we'll see about $100 million increase in pension, of $25 million a quarter, and that is reflected in the numbers I gave you in the first part.
Bryan Batory: Okay, great. And then could you provide some color on your outlook for mortgage banking revenues as we head into '15 just given the recent decline in interest rates?
Andrew Cecere: Good question, and it's changing every day as rates move a lot. We had a very good week last week. But right now I will tell you that our expectation is relatively stable total revenue fourth quarter into first quarter. So we have some pluses and minuses and that could change as rates move around in the next few weeks and we'll update you if it does, but right now relatively stable.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Mayo of CLSA.
Mike Mayo: In terms of your outlook for loan growth, so you're expecting an acceleration you said from 6% closer to 7% range and also your growth in commitments was up 3%, so that's good. On the other hand, you mentioned that the unused lines of your commitments are still bouncing along the bottom I guess unchanged. So once again we're at another quarter where you're expecting better growth yet the 10 year yield is significantly lower. So who's going to win, Richard Davis or the 10 year bond?
Richard K. Davis: [Indiscernible] 10 year yield, Mike, [indiscernible] I've been buying them and everything. I mean actually you're playing into one of our thoughts. I haven't included the improvement in utilization at all in our expectation if loan growth goes up. That is an absolute stable starting point. And the way we look at it, wholesale commitments, a lot of banks look at the total retail, we look at wholesale, and that number is at highest point in the mid-30s and today it's sitting at 24%. It's been stuck there for about 18 months. And so to me that is unbelievable upside. As long as we keep adding commitments more than loans, that means that more people have an open to buy with us and that they have an intent to use it, because they're paying for it and so are we by the way, but if they use it, any part of it, even a slightest movement from 24% to 28% or 30%, that's going to be on top of the kind of loan growth we're anticipating. So we're not counting on that to give you the answer, and I do think that while customers look at the 10-year, as Andy said most of them look more at the two to three and that movement is going to be what's going to trigger the decision on whether they want to grab something before it gets too late and whether they'll be glad they prepared themselves with the line of credit that's got an open to buy. That has a lot to do. I think there will be a tsunami effect when there is a period where people are sure that rates are moving up, I think they'll start grabbing the lines they have, they'll start using what they have and they'll be incentivized, be a catalyst for this economy, but until then we're not counting on that as part of our expectations to provide loan growth, we're just doing with our better debt ratings, our better pricing power and our really remarkable employees who've learnt how to tell our story better.
Mike Mayo: So just more generally, put your economist hat on, Richard, so the 10-year seeing this much slower growth yet your guidance is for some acceleration in your loan growth. How should we reconcile those two thoughts?
Richard K. Davis: On one hand and on the other hand, [indiscernible] harness. Mike, I don't think those are directly correlated right now, and I say that because the Fed and the Fed equivalent across the globe, they've done some behaviors that are certainly not [indiscernible] and they are not things that we all learned in school. To the extent that they are being motivated by I think non-financial, more political activities and more financial data that might be backwards looking not forward-looking, I'm not going to be able to correlate those two for you, and I don't think our customers are sitting there thinking that way either. So the 10-year stays low, sure mortgage will look great and then we go back to this again, but it doesn't inform our customers that the majority of this Bank until we get to two to three and until that starts to bend up, we're going to stay right where we are and if the 10-year informs us, fine, if it doesn't, it's probably going to be a bit of an inflection on the curve, but I'm not managing to the 10, I'm in management of the two or three, and I'm just not that smart.
Mike Mayo: And then lastly, you're implying market share gains. You said before that U.S. Bancorp has a 30 to 35 basis point pricing advantage when pricing commercial loans against some of the largest banks. Now that the SISI premium might go even higher for some of the larger banks, could that pricing advantage improve and how are you positioning your Company to potentially benefit?
Richard K. Davis: The answer is, yes, because you know the math, you knew the answer when you asked it, and where we're positioned is we have a philosophy that we will give back some portion of that advantage when we're competing against one of the banks that has a different pricing scheme and we'll only do it with the high quality customer. I suppose, because the philosophy is in place, if that spread were to widen, then we give ourselves more room to be more competitive, but it doesn't interest a new philosophy, it's just more of a larger scale for us to use and to give our lending offer the opportunity to price more effectively. So it's a net positive, I'm not counting on it, but if it happens we'll take it gladly and we'll be even more successful.
Mike Mayo: How much higher could that go with 30 to 35 basis points today, could it go up another 5, 10, 20, 30?
Andrew Cecere: The capital differential is about equivalent. So if you think about your 35 on the side from the perspective of our debt rating, it's an equivalent level on the side about the capital differential from the highest levels.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Miller of FBR.
Jessica Ribner: This is Jessica Ribner for Paul. On the mortgage side, what are you guys seeing in terms of the purchase market? As most of your volume coming off the refi side, do you see any recovery there?
Andrew Cecere: The third quarter was 70-30 new, and because the rate is coming down a bit, it's closer to 60-40, 62-38. So it's coming down a little bit more high on the refinancing side and we are also starting the year strong that way because of the low rate environment. So I would expect it to be somewhere between that 60% and 70% new.
Jessica Ribner: Okay, great. And just in general, what's your institutional view on housing and the recovery, do you think that we have room to go or where do you see mortgage banking?
Richard K. Davis: We do, but more than just mortgage, first mortgage, right. So we're already seeing it now on our home equity, we're growing nicely in home equity. Thanks for asking, Richard. Yes, we're actually growing almost three times the market with our home equity right now and we're doing that because we're seeing a lot of people invest in property improvement kind of monies into their homes and not doing debt consolidation, entirely they're doing it for their properties, and these are in some of the states where they are the hardest hit, where the pricings have come, [indiscernible] come back nicely. So mortgage in general has got a really nice I think outlook because people without houses now feel that they are no longer under water and they're willing to invest in them, people without houses that are now above water are willing to use it as collateral for something else, I think small business, and housing prices slowly but surely are recovering. I think there is a social question we ought to ask ourselves is how many 18 year olds who five years ago their mother or father lost their job or their house are going to want a house in the American Dream category three years from now when they're 25. Don't know that answer but I know that the housing stock is not at all overbuilt for the number of people who either need to get back out of their parents' basements or get an upgrade in the house that they live in and we think it's a good business for us, we're staying in it, we want to be in the top five from here to forever and we're investing accordingly to make sure that we're great at originating loans and servicing them as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nancy Bush of NAB Research.
Nancy Bush: Congratulations, Andy, well deserved. Richard, there was a debate sort of brewing out in the wake of fourth quarter earnings which I think have not been particularly wonderful particularly for the largest banks about whether the industry can continue to cut costs without 'going from cutting fat to cutting muscle', and I'd like to get your view on that, and secondly just from the perspective of your Company, I think you go through this exercise every month of where you are in terms of expenses, how do you make sure that you're not cutting muscle? I'd just like to get what you guys do and what you see for the industry generally.
Richard K. Davis: A great question, as usual. Here are a couple of thoughts. I do think  let's talk about the efficiency ratio, it's what everybody looks at, it's a fraction, right, it's a quotient. So one of the reasons I think we can do well is because our revenue grows. I mean there is a very basic fact, like you all know, that if you grow revenues faster than expenses, your efficiency ratio comes down. That's a fact. Banks are usually two parts revenue to one part expense. So it's important if I were to spend $100 million, my team has got to get $200 million in revenue just to keep it to 50% efficiency ratio. So those are some of the foundational points. So number one, if you grow revenue, you can impact your efficiency ratio and still grow expenses because it's not like it's [Pioneer] [ph] where you can't grow expenses, and we've been able to do that but not at the levels we want. I do think the argument at the largest bank level is partly due to revenue. I think banks could do better with their revenue but to the extent that that gets slightly impaired by certain actions, they've got to watch their expenses. And honestly I don't know why are banks in the 60% efficiency. It doesn't make sense to me because if you watch every dollar, there's plenty of money that is not necessarily shareholder friendly that's been spent and you can put a discipline in place where the employees own it first before you're telling them what to do. So in other words we've never brought in an outside party to look at our Company and tell us how to run it or tell us how to cut expenses, where you impose on employees some oversight if they didn't do themselves, because number one, it's intrusive, number two it's really unnerving because if I have to cut 10 people out of a room of a 100, the rest 90 don't know if they're safe or they're in the next group to fall. So I think that is another reason for us to be thoughtful, is that banks need to watch their expenses very, very carefully, and I'm now going to answer out the other side of my mouth that in the last five years it didn't caused banks to be amazingly disciplined in knowing where their money is being spent. I haven't got an answer for why as I thought there would be a ton of banks in the low 50s with this at this point in time. I actually don't know why there isn't. As it relates to U.S. Bank, we do meet every single month, every capital expenditure at U.S. Bank, get ready for this, over $100,000 has to come through a committee and that's a capital expenditure that includes particularly properties, leases or any kind of technology improvement. That's a very low number. We look at about a dozen items every month and the whole team is the managing committee. And so if somebody in commercial real estate needs a special new program that's going to cost them $100 million, I got to look at the rest of 13 people and say, are you willing to add $200 million in revenue over the next three years to offset this, and guess what, when the vote is taken by the group, sometimes it's no. But we all know that we've got to be able to return our investments in a fairly short time. So in closing, if we could do an ROI in everything in less than one year, it gets approved here every minute. If it takes two years, it gets contemplated given the circumstances. If it's finally more than three years, we're very, very careful and thoughtful about it. So I know that we are not improving every single thing that lead to revenue improving three to four years from now, I know we're not. I also know we're improving everything that has the highest value in the next couple of years and the minute the world gets better, I've got a list from most important to least important that will go right back into the coffers, we will improve them immediately and the shelf is full of the next best ideas so that we don't linger and lose any time to get back to spending money. So I didn't answer your question very well but it's the discipline, knowing what you're doing, put in the hands of the employees where they control their fate, give them a forecast to show them what the decision is going to mean so they can make that decision on their own or collectively as leaders and they'll always make the right one and then they don't feel like they're being told how to run the place and they feel like you respect them for the qualities of their leadership, that we do. So that's my long answer to your question.
Nancy Bush: So I guess I interpret that as you're saying, yes, there is still lots of fat in the banking industry that can be cut?
Richard K. Davis: Yes, I am saying that. Why didn't I just say that? Why do I talk so much, Nancy, what's wrong with me? Yes, that's what I meant.
Nancy Bush: Okay. Secondly if I'm reading the news correctly, the Supreme Court just refused to hear a case about swipe fees. Am I reading that correctly?
Richard K. Davis: That's right.
Nancy Bush: And does that mean that this issue will now go away or do you think that the retailers are going to come back with some other new slant on this?
Richard K. Davis: I think in terms of a lifecycle, it goes away for all of us on this phone. It could go back, come back in a few years and has another 10 to 15 year lifecycle, but in this half-generation, I think by all accounts, exclamation point, this one is dead.
Nancy Bush: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session of today's call. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for any closing remarks.
Sean O'Connor: Thank you for listening to our call this morning and please contact me this afternoon if you have any follow-up questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes your conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-22 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Sean O'Connor -  Richard K. Davis - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee, Member of Risk Management Committee, Chairman of US Bank, Chief Executive Officer of US Bank and President of US Bank Andrew Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer P. W. Parker - Vice Chairman and Chief Risk Officer
Analysts: Jessica Ribner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division David A. George - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Erika Najarian - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Christopher M. Mutascio - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Michael Mayo - CLSA Limited, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorp's Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Richard Davis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Cecere, U.S. Bancorp's Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately noon EDT through Wednesday, October 29, at 12:00 midnight EDT. I will now turn the conference call over to Sean O'Connor, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Sean O'Connor: Thank you, Tiffany, and good morning to everyone who has joined our call. Richard Davis, Andy Cecere and Bill Parker are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorp's third quarter 2014 results and to answer your questions. Richard and Andy will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of the slide presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at usbank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of today's presentation in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard K. Davis: Thanks, Sean. And good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining our call. I'll begin with a review of U.S. Bank's results, with a summary of the quarter's highlights on Page 3 of the presentation. U.S. Bank reported net income of $1.5 billion for the third quarter of 2014 or $0.78 per diluted common share. Total average loans grew 6.3% year-over-year and 1.4% linked quarter. Excluding the impact from the Charter One acquisition we completed in late June, total average loans grew 5.9% year-over-year and 1.1% on a linked quarter basis. In addition, we experienced strong loan -- strong growth in average deposits, and credit quality remains strong. Total net charge-offs decreased by 3.7% on a linked quarter basis. Nonperforming assets, excluding covered assets, declined on both the linked quarter and a year-over-year basis. It generates significant capital this quarter. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio estimated for the Basel III standardized approach has been fully implemented. It was 9% at September 30th. We repurchased 16 million shares of common stock during the third quarter, which along with our dividend, resulted in a 78% return of earnings to our shareholders in the third quarter. Slide 4 provides you with a 5-quarter history of our performance metrics, and they continue to be among the best in the industry. Return on average assets in the third quarter was 1.51%, and return on average common equity was 14.5%. Moving over to the graph on the right. You can see that this quarter's net interest margin was 3.16%, in line with our guidance. Our efficiency ratio for the third quarter was 52.4%. We expect this ratio to remain in the low 50s, going forward, as we continue to manage expenses in relation to revenue trends, while continuing to invest in and grow our businesses. Turning to Slide 5. The company reported total net revenue in the third quarter of $5 billion, a 2% increase from the prior year. The increase was due to higher net interest income, as well as higher revenue in most fee businesses, partially offset by a reduction in mortgage banking revenue. Average loan and deposit growth is summarized on Slide 6. Average total loans outstanding increased by almost $15 billion or 6.3% year-over-year and 1.4% linked quarter. Adjusting for the Charter One acquisition, total average loans grew 5.9% year-over-year and 1.1% linked quarter. Overall, excluding covered loans, which is a runoff portfolio, average total loans grew by 7.7% year-over-year and 1.7% linked quarter. Again this quarter, the increase in average loans outstanding was led by strong growth in average total commercial loans, which grew by 13.6% year-over-year and 3.1% over the prior quarter. Total average commercial real estate also increased over the prior quarters, with an average loans growing by 6.1% year-over-year and 0.8% linked quarter. Residential real estate loans grew 5.8% year-over-year and 0.3% over the prior quarter. Average credit card loans increased 4.9% year-over-year and were up 2.1% on a linked-quarter basis. Total other retail loans grew 3.6% year-over-year and 1.6% over the prior quarter, mainly driven by steady growth in auto loans. Total average revolving commercial and commercial real estate commitments continue to grow at a fast pace, increasing year-over-year by 12.9% and 3.2% on a linked-quarter basis. Line utilization was relatively flat again in the third quarter. Total average deposits increased almost $19 billion or 7.4% over the same quarter of last year and 3.3% over the previous quarter. Excluding the Charter One acquisition, the growth rate remains strong at 5.5% on a year-over-year basis and 1.7% on a linked-quarter basis. Growth in low-cost savings deposits is particularly strong on both a year-over-year and linked-quarter basis. Turning to Slide 7 in credit quality. Total net charge-offs declined 3.7% on a linked-quarter basis and rose modestly on a year-over-year basis due to an unusually high recovery in third quarter of 2013. The ratio of net charge-offs to average loans outstanding was 0.55% in the third quarter. Nonperforming assets, excluding covered assets, decreased by 6.2% from the third quarter of 2013 and were essentially flat on a linked-quarter basis. During the third quarter, we released $25 million of reserves, equal to the reserve released in the prior quarter and $5 million less than in the third quarter of 2013. Given the mix and quality of our portfolio, we currently expect net charge-offs to remain relatively stable in the fourth quarter of 2014. Andy will now give you a few more details about our third quarter results.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks, Richard. Slide 8 gives you see a view of our third quarter 2014 results versus comparable time periods. Our diluted EPS of $0.78 was 2.6% higher than the third quarter of 2013 and equal to the prior quarter. The key drivers of the company's third quarter earnings are summarized on Slide 9. The $3 million or 0.2% increase in net income year-over-year was principally due to an increase in total net revenue, driven by increases in both net interest income and fee-based revenue. The company also achieved positive operating leverage on a year-over-year basis. Net interest income was up 1.3% year-over-year, as an increase in average earning assets was partially offset by a lower net interest margin, including lower loan fees. The $31.4 billion increase in average earning assets year-over-year included growth in average total loans, as well as planned increases in the securities portfolio. Offsetting a portion of the growth in these categories was a $1.4 billion reduction in average loans held for sale, reflecting lower mortgage origination activity versus the same quarter of last year. The net interest margin of 3.16% was 27 basis points lower than the third quarter of 2013, primarily due to growth in the investment portfolio at lower average rates, lower loan fees and lower rates and new loans, partially offset by lower funding costs. Lower loan fees were due to previously communicated wind down of Checking Account Advance, our short-term, small-dollar deposit advanced product. Noninterest income increased $65 million or 3% year-over-year due to higher revenue in most fee businesses, partially offset by lower mortgage banking revenue. We saw growth in retail and corporate payments, merchant processing, trust and investment management fees, deposit service charges and treasury management fees, commercial products revenue and investment product fees. Noninterest income increased year-over-year by $49 million or 1.9%, primarily due to an increase in compensation expense, reflecting the impact of merit increases, acquisitions and higher staffing for risk and compliance activities. Net income was lower on a linked-quarter basis by $24 million or 1.6%, mainly due to the increase of noninterest expense, partially offset by a decrease in the provision for credit losses. The second quarter of 2014 included 2 previously disclosed notable items impacting non -- other noninterest income and other noninterest expense, that together had no impact to diluted earnings per common share. On a linked-quarter basis, net interest income increased 0.1% due to an increase in average earning assets, mostly offset by a lower net interest margin, including lower loan fees. Net interest margin of 3.16% was, as expected, 11 basis points lower than the second quarter. Principally, due to the growth of lower rate investment securities and lower loan fees due to the Checking Account Advance product wind down. On a linked-quarter basis, noninterest income was lower by $202 million or 8.3%, primarily due to the second quarter Visa stock sale, lower mortgage banking revenue and lower commercial products revenue, partially offset by higher deposit service charges, corporate payments products' revenue and trust and investment management revenue. On a linked-quarter basis, noninterest expense decreased by $139 million or 5% due to the second quarter FHA DOJ settlement in Other expense, partially offset by Charter One merger integration costs and higher mortgage servicing-related costs. Turning to Slide 10, our capital position is strong. Beginning January 1, 2014, the regulatory capital requirement effective for the company followed Basel III, subject to certain transition provisions from Basel I over the next 4 years, to full implementation by January 1, 2018. In addition, beginning with the second quarter of 2014, the advanced approaches portion of Basel III became effective for the company. A common equity Tier 1 capital ratio estimated, using in the Basel III standardized approach as is fully implemented at September 30, was 9%. At 9%, we are well above the 7% Basel III minimum requirement. Our tangible book value per share rose to $15.66 at September 30, representing a 13.3% increase over the same quarter of last year and a 2.6% increase over the prior quarter. I'll now turn the call back to Richard.
Richard K. Davis: Thanks, Andy. To conclude our formal remarks, I'll turn your attention to Slide 11. We remain focused on extending our advantage, which is our theme for 2014. Our consistently solid financial performance is a result of our adhering closely to the core fundamentals of controlling expenses, of managing capital prudently, and selectively investing in initiatives that generates steady, long-term growth, and expanding existing customer relationships. That was certainly the case in third quarter, as our disciplined approach produced positive operating leverage. As we head into the final quarter of the year, we remain diligently focused on executing our plan, even with the ongoing economic headwinds, with an emphasis on providing our customers with the trusted products and services to help them build more secure financial futures, backed by the financial strength of U.S. Bank. That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Bill and I would now be happy to answer any questions from the audience.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Paul Miller of FBR Capital Markets.
Jessica Ribner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: This is Jessica Ribner in for Paul Miller. We just have one question. It's just taking into account the recent changes announced by the FHFA in terms of the 3% down payment and some reps and warrants clarity, does that change the way that you think about originating down the credit spectrum in the mortgage space? Or how do you guys view that?
Richard K. Davis: It really doesn't. This is Richard. It's a good sound bite, but I think the test comes in whether or not there's a private market for investors to pick up these loans with lower or no down payment, and I'm not sure there will be. So we're going to continue to stick with the FHFA, Freddie and Fannie deals that we originate, that we sell off. We'll continue to originate loans that we hold on the balance sheet for our more well-heeled customers. And we'll continue to watch the progress in this space, because we like very much to feel more comfortable making loans with, I'd say, either a lower FICO or with less down payment. But unless we're convinced that the rules are going to be permanent and there's not going to be a look back or a reach back in future times, or that there won't be a market for this, we're simply going to stay on the sidelines in the concerns of both compliance risks and other uncertainties, and we'll just continue to do what we're doing now, which I think is sufficient for the near term.
Jessica Ribner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And what do you -- just a follow-up to that. What do you think would -- what do you think that they would have to say or come out with to make you more comfortable in that space? Because you were talking about a reach back or something like that.
Richard K. Davis: Right, right. No, that's a great question, Jessica, and I'm not sure I have the answer to that because I'd have to see it, believe it, and then test it. And so it's going to take a while for me to have a belief that this litigation risk isn't as great as compliance risk, which used to be both less important than credit risk. So when you think about all the risks we have, credit risk, we can manage. We've done that through the whole cycle, and we did it well before. In terms of litigation risk, that's kind of the new uncertainty. And with the statute, I think, of time coming up on us, there may be a softening of some of those look back, reach back. But in where I started, there's a private market out there that's got to say they want to buy these loans without the guarantees and they've got to be willing to take those loans on with those lesser quality customers under the risk that perhaps they won't repay. And that's going to be a market that's going to be tested over time, with the number of players that will have a chance to come in. And once we see that appetite, that will probably be the first evidence we'll be looking for.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John McDonald of Sanford Bernstein.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Just wondering about the outlook for the net interest margin next quarter. Andy, could you give us some other puts and takes for the margin and what kind of outlook you have for net interest margin and net interest income growth?
Andrew Cecere: Sure, John. So if you think about the third quarter versus second, we were down 11 basis points, and that was 3 things. One -- the first is 5 basis points for CAA, and that's done. So that won't repeat in the fourth quarter. The second was about 3 basis points for the securities build, and that will continue on in the fourth quarter. We ended this quarter at about $96.5 billion. We'll end the fourth quarter just over $100 billion. So we'll have additional migration down, because of that 3 to 4 basis points. The third factor was the loan mix. Most of our growth was in wholesale, as opposed to retail, and that was 2 to 3 basis points of pressure. That will continue likely into the fourth quarter also. So all in, down 5 to 7 for the fourth quarter, but I still expect net interest income to grow. And then finally, that pressure on securities build will diminish, will go away beginning in 2015.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. You'll be done, you think, by the first quarter?
Andrew Cecere: We'll -- our expectation is that we'll end this year at or above 100% on the LCR ratio. So our net securities growth will be more consistent with the overall balance sheet growth, as opposed to building additional to meet the LCR ratio.
Richard K. Davis: So John, NIM compression. All that remains for '15 is loan mix and interest rates, in general. But we've really gotten rid of the other variables that have been moving all through this year, taking the number down.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And Richard, could you give us some color on your feelings about loan growth from here, both just kind of the absolute level of growth you're looking for and then the mix factors?
Richard K. Davis: I'm feeling pretty good, actually. So let me just -- I should say this to all of you. First, I'm glad to see that you're even on the call. I thought being last, we might not have anybody come to our party. We always announce our earnings...
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Reporting with 10 other banks this time?
Richard K. Davis: Well, I'll tell you what. Who cares about what we have the say now, right? We have always announced earnings on the Wednesday after our Board meeting, and the Board meeting has always been the third Tuesday. For the first time in my years as CEO, my 8 years as a CEO, the -- that created [ph] the fourth Wednesday. And so that's why we're still late in the cycle, I'm talking to all of you a week later. We've amended that with the Board, and we're going to go back to announcing on the third Wednesday. So this will be the last time we have this trailer keeping you from writing your final reports. And so I just want to make that clear. By the same token, though, I have this great visibility and clarity I've never had before and what the other banks have been saying. And so, I'm going to say, we're generally positive about loan growth, and I'm saying that for the following reasons. As Andy indicated, we had the 1.4% linked quarter growth. If you take out the Capital One acquisition, it's 1.1%, and that's right in the range of what we telegraphed. And we're going to telegraph that again for quarter 4. We think we're in that same place, as we are still moving into the early stages of the fourth quarter. We're seeing it across the board, too, John. So, I mean, we're seeing in Wholesale Banking. We're seeing people continue to support capital expenditures, particularly in large ticket leasing and in corporate banking. We're seeing the pipeline across all energy -- industries stronger as the year ages, which is pretty positive. We're also seeing the leverage portion of the market remains pretty fast-growing, but we don't participate much in that and there's a regulatory oversight that's more heavy at this point in time, and so it doesn't affect us near as much. And then a strong market, bond market is still strong. So that does take some of the loan volume away. But overall, we don't see anything less than we've seen in the last couple of quarters. Commercial real estate, still pretty strong. If you look at the West, East Coast and you take kind of the smile down to Texas and you move around, we see it's pretty active across most property-buying areas. We're seeing some investors getting into the central part of the country, Minneapolis, Denver and Phoenix, places like that. Property types are looking good. Apartments, retail, offices, lodging properties, and we're seeing people get lines of credit and using their lines for property acquisitions. And then we're seeing also nice strength in home equity. For the first time, we're actually putting more on the books than are running off, now that we're in that part of the cycle. Auto loans continue to be a strong point for us, and credit cards are growing nicely and are expected to, as you might expect, in the fourth quarter, seasonally get even stronger. So I mean, 1 to 1.5 and probably right around this 1 to 1.2 that we've been at isn't robust, but it's pretty solid. And what we're seeing is nice consistency, and our pipelines would reflect not only what we're hearing anecdotally, but the real facts that we've got some loan growth still well into our future. Having low interest rates isn't great for income, but it's pretty good for lending, and people continue to see that benefit. And we have that cost of funding advantage we've told you about, allow us to lend to the highest quality customers at a preferred price, and we're going to keep doing it.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And a little bit more led by the commercial, which is the loan mix impact on the NIM.
Richard K. Davis: Yes, I think it's very much the same. What you'll seen in the last few quarter will be very much the same, dominated by C&I, but started -- consumers starting to vie for its position now. Quarter 4 will be strong consumer with credit card, but will still be heavily mixed toward C&I, which will still put some pressure on NIM. But as we talked, it starts to wane later into the process.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. One quickie on the noninterest income. The credit and debit card revenues were a little lighter than expected. You mentioned rewards costs in the write-up. Is that kind of the new cost of business in a reward-centric world here? Is it -- any kind of onetime catch-up in there?
Andrew Cecere: This is Andy, John. So 2 things. One is just a number of processing days this year -- this quarter of 2014 versus the third quarter of 2013 caused a couple of percentage points decline. It was 90 days versus 94. So that's just the nuance with the number of business days. And the second thing was the rewards, which is a little bit elevated, but I would expect it to be at this level or slightly downward in the future quarters. But if you think about it, cards, on a core basis x the processing days, was up closer to 5% to 6%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David George of Baird.
David A. George - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Richard, I wanted to dovetail to John's question. It's more a big picture, but it's a very popular macro topic, and that's rates. Wanted to get not so much your views on rates, but more from the perspective of how you're thinking about running the company, allocating capital, making incremental investment, et cetera. Do you run the company any differently if rates stay here longer than people think? And any kind of industry implications that you think that emanate from that, to the extent that macro backdrop persists.
Richard K. Davis: Yes, David, that's a great question, and we're still evaluating our final view on what the rates will be, because just a couple of weeks ago, it might well have been a different scenario, right, based on what the prevailing view was, that rates will start moving up in the middle of the year, and now, people are thinking later next year. Here's how we've been running it this year. So it was February 15. I remember the exact date. Exactly the center of quarter 1. And remember, it was a very tough winter quarter for every business. And we decided to adjust our plan, all of 45 days into the year, and we placed a hold on FTE in the company. Let me repeat this, as I told you about this last time, too, that it's -- it's a response to your question. By placing hold on FTE, we didn't put in a hiring freeze. So if you have 881 people in your division, you can have 881 people. And in fact, I'm going to encourage you, now more than ever, to make sure that the 881 best people you could possibly have, because there's no limit on the quality of the people in the organization. But you can't go to 895 and you can't get to 906, until we see a revenue environment that's a little bit stronger. And so but for our compliance and compliance-related activities, where we didn't put any kind of a hold, based on what we think is appropriate regulatory focus, we've been doing that with quite good success. You might imagine one of my challenge is to have the employees of this company feel proud that because they're working harder, is why we're doing well, as opposed to make them wonder why we're doing so well and why am I working so hard. And we were trying to get that conversation organized properly, but I wouldn't hesitate to ask the employees to continue to do that onto the next year, if that's what the environment's going to state, because we really do want to give you guys positive operating leverage to our shareholders on an annual basis, I've always said, not in any 1 given quarter. And the way to do that is to decide what your revenue guardrails will be and then to stay within those, based on your expenses. And with the cost of healthcare and the cost of merit increases, what's left is to make sure you've got enough to not overspend, before you have the revenue. So we won't do more of what we did this year, the longer rates stay low or flat next year. By the same token, the minute we believe they're on their way up, we'll start to release some of those levels of limits and start moving forward more quickly. Let me also clarify, before I hear it my own way, that we're not slowing down on our investments, or our capital expenditures, or some of the longer-term necessary things you need to do to be ready for our future. So we're putting all that into that long-term view of what's most important and prioritizing, so we're still spending money. And as you know, our expenses are still growing, just at a level less than our revenue, and that's how we'll continue to do it. But I will agree that the minute rates start moving up and we see evidence, it gets a lot easier to run a company this long into a recession and a downturn.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Erika Najarian - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My first question is, Richard, you have always taken advantage of increasing your market share when your peers are challenged. And based on Governor Tarullo's speech, it sounds like some of your larger peers may have to contend with higher buffers on common equity Tier 1. I guess I'm wondering, if that does transpire and you have some of your larger peers operating it 11.5, 12, 12.5, does that -- do you think that presents a further opportunity for U.S. Bank, being that you would be under that G-SIB requirement?
Richard K. Davis: I'll tell you, Erika, I think it's just a continuation of the benefits we've experienced, because first of all, you know that even if that occurs, it doesn't have to be overnight. And not unlike us, but most things, as we continue to get healthier, are creating capital. So I don't think that's a real burden for them into getting there. And I don't think it's any different than it's been for the last of couple of years, as we've been a SIFI and they've have been G-SIFIs. But I do think at the end of the day, our ability to be more profitable, be more attractive to shareholders and have a simpler, easier company to understand and invest in, I think that continues to become more and more obvious, and that's why we think we're in a particularly good position, where we are, as the first non-G-SIB, and I think there are advantages, many of which are continuing and some which might get a little stronger. But I don't think that very event changed any near-term outcome, and it just continues to remind us how fortunate we are.
Erika Najarian - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And just a follow-up question to that. As we think about long-term capital return prospects for the company, which ratio should we think of as your binding constraint, the standardized CET1 or advanced?
Andrew Cecere: Standardized, Erika. So our advanced ratio's 200-plus basis points above our advanced, so our standardized will be our binding constraint and our target is 8%.
Erika Najarian - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So a couple of questions. One, a follow on to that. On the funding side, is there an opportunity here, with the rate environment, to maybe reset, reduce some of the longer-term funding cost that you've got?
Andrew Cecere: Yes, Betsy. So when I gave you my expectation for rates into the fourth quarter and stability into next year, it reflects the fact that we have some long-term debt coming due, and that will be refunding or repricing it at a lower rate.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And you could even take advantage to do more than just what's coming due, or no?
Andrew Cecere: I think our focus will be on what is maturing, which is planned over the next 12 months.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then separately, in the payment space, obviously, you've got a great position, with effectively a closed loop or pretty close to a closed loop. Could you give us an update on how you're thinking about your own digital wallet, as well as broadening out use of tokenization for security-related purposes beyond just payments?
Richard K. Davis: Yes. Well, those are different questions. Digital wallet, I think you know we continue to invest in, virtually, every scheme we can find and each partner that we have, many of which we don't announce. It's not our plan to announce things until onset. But I'll just remind you that we are both a leader in mobile banking, but even more so, in mobile payments, because as you said, we have a closed loop capability. We've got all sides of the equation, and we're leveraging that. I might also say that -- it wouldn't surprise you, but we do a lot with customers. We have certain customer groups that we've put together that help us think through the next best ideas. And we gauge the tenor and interest of some customers, both small and large, into what kind of things they may want. A closed loop, as you know, it has to be a large enough critical mass, that there's enough interest in all parties to see the benefits of staying outside of the, we'll call it, the normal freeway. And we still haven't found that combination yet, and I don't know that we will. But we're going to keep looking for it and do our very best to use that digital environment that's advantage to us with that firing business to check it out. As it relates to tokenization, we're very fond of that because not only are we involved in it, but particularly through the clearing house, we're working on a tokenization project for all the 24 largest volume banks in the country. Clearing house, as you know, the half owner of the ACH system, the other half being the Federal Reserve. And so we're working with them on tokenization. And answering a question you didn't ask, tokenization really will solve a number of these issues, which in the interim, look like they're being solved by the chip card or the EMV solution. Those are really just a different alternative to a magnetic stripe. And at the end of the day, this tokenization is going to give us all the protections we're seeking. If you think of the Apple Pay, that's tokenization plus biometrics, which allows for a different kind of protection, and there'll be all kinds of combinations. But look, banks are going to seek whatever it can, we can, to have lower fraud losses, because as you know, most of these hacking circumstances, whether we issue the cards now or later, if there's any losses, the banks take those losses, and there's substantial amounts of money that have been in our run rates for years. And to the extent that we can find a way to make the customer safer, not make them feel burdened by having to become safer, it reduces our fraud on the other side and it creates a safer environment. Tokenization is going to provide a great solve to that, and then cybersecurity also gets an advantage as to higher levels of authentication. So I'll just say, to answer your question, we're at the leading-edge of all those topics, either because of our position in the association or because of our capability being a full-on payments provider, and we're testing all kinds of different scenarios and yet, I have nothing grand enough to announce to you here because we haven't found the holy grail yet on closed loop and we're continuing to watch for it.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. But also on tokenization, just to be clear, you could see the opportunity to use that technology not only in payments, but also in your own internal peer-to-peer or customer access to funds and funds transfer?
Richard K. Davis: Yes. And it's probably not tokenization as much as there could be a number of versions of closed loop, more protected interchanges between, let's say, large banks that could do things much more quickly. That's a different answer, as we're talking about a faster payments network and moving away from the 24-hour cycle. And we're announcing, I think, very soon, that we're all going to be working on faster payment cycles. The precursor to that, though, could be bank-to-bank or large entities-to-large entities doing intra-day transfers on a trusted basis, like you would with a friend, and accelerating what would otherwise be the natural and final evolution of the entire payment system from a 24-hour cycle to a real time. That's probably a couple of years away, but following the path of some other places around the globe and following the favor of customers, we're all working on that, and I think that's something that you'll be hearing a lot more about in the next couple of quarters.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes, that makes a lot of sense, especially given the Fed white paper that asks for 10 years, which seems way too long. So then last question, just slightly separate topic, but the progress on the near-prime push in auto. Could you give us an update on how you're thinking about that and how that's impacting pretax margin?
Richard K. Davis: I'm going to have Bill answer that question.
P. W. Parker: It's been successful. It's enabled us to provide a broader spectrum of yes answers in the dealership office. So -- and we've expanded our -- in our presence in the used car market as well. And it's positive on the net -- overall net interest margin on our indirect dealer book. So it's doing well, and it's performing as we expected.
Richard K. Davis: In broader context, if we recall, so just being a prime lender to an auto dealer, now that we're doing used auto and some near-prime and the prime, we get a higher shot at getting their floor planning and getting the rest of their business, because now we're in all the categories they want, not just selectively picking prime. So there is another advantage. And I also should say we've been a leasing bank for 61 years, which is back when leasing started. So we've got a long tenure there that, I think, in a less competitive environment for auto leasing, we're going to continue to expand that. And as rates go up, trust me, that's one of the first things you'll see, is people flipping from loans to leases for payment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Just a question on the expenses, Andy. I heard your comments about that kind of in the other, there seemed to be kind of a plus or minus, some offsetting. So is this the kind of the right base for expenses going forward? And to Richard's comment about staying in the low-50s efficiency ratio, what does that imply for the ability to deliver operating leverages? Is it really just about getting rates up at some point from here?
Andrew Cecere: Right, Ken. So in the third quarter, we had a couple of items that are not going to repeat. We had about just under $20 million of conversion-related expenses, principally related to our RBS acquisition, or Charter One acquisition in Chicago. Those will not repeat into the fourth quarter. The third quarter also continues to build our tax amortization for our CDC company, and that will continue to increase in the fourth quarter. That's just seasonal. And in the fourth quarter, typically, it's about $75 million or $80 million higher than the third quarter. So you'll see that, and that, again, comes down in the first quarter. All in though, I do expect positive operating leverage in the fourth quarter and I do expect our efficiency ratio will continue to be in the low-50s.
Richard K. Davis: You know what else, Ken, we're not there yet, but I think the -- we're probably at the highest level of total compliance and audit-related cost we're going to have over this cycle. I don't see them coming down right away, so I'm not saying that. But they aren't sustainably this high for the long term. So there will be another advantage and it happen probably sometime next year, where just the run rate and the expenses start to come down a bit, based on some of the focus we've all had and certain categories that we'll settle. And so it's not immediate. But I think it would be improper to believe that our current expense base, related to all that, this very quarter or the ones you've seen in the last couple, are the normal high rate, because they're not going to be that high.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Understood. Okay, great. And just a second question on just the mortgage business. This quarter you had a huge jump in origination volume, and it looks like the apps are pretty flat and it looks like the MSR hedge came down, as you had forecasted for us a quarter ago. So can you just walk us through the drivers from here on the revenue side in the mortgage business?
Andrew Cecere: Right. So in the -- as you mentioned, in the second quarter, we had a gain on servicing that did not repeat in the third quarter. If you stripped that out, we're relatively flat. And, actually, application volume was also relatively flat. Fourth quarter is typically seasonally lower. I would expect that to occur this year, and that will result in revenue being a little lower. I would call somewhere between 5% and 15%, principally, due to seasonality.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache of Nomura.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I had a question on your funding advantage. It hasn't arguably been as much of an advantage as it could be, given the strong deposit growth that we've been seeing across the industry. But I wondered if you thought that my change, particularly if QE is indeed over after this month and deposit growth starts to slow, not necessarily turn negative, just slow. So I guess a 2-part question. First, do you think deposit growth will slow, with the end of QE? And then secondly, would your funding advantage become more valuable in that kind of environment, assuming that loan growth continues?
Andrew Cecere: Right. So Bill, we do assume that at end of QE or when rates start to rise, we do assume an outflow of deposits. That's part of our rate sensitivity analysis, and I do think the funding advantage will become more explicit and clear when that occurs. It's there now because we still have some debt on the books and I think that advantage shows itself, but it will show itself more as more debt replaces deposits as rates move up. And importantly, about 15% of our deposits are corporate trust-related, which are less sensitive to rates moving up, so it's more a function of the operating model of the Corporate Trust business. So that helps us retain a core level of, particularly, DDA deposits that will be helpful as rates move up.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Great. But I was hoping maybe to follow up on that, Andy. If maybe you could separate for us the rise in rates, which there are some concerns that, that's being pushed farther out in the end of QE, which many believe is still going to happen this month. So if we have that scenario, where maybe we just set the higher rates aside for a second and just look at the impact of QE coming to an end, would that alone be enough to slow industry deposit growth and bring the funding advantage to be more -- play more of an important role?
Andrew Cecere: I think what will slow the deposit growth will be a growth in the economy and as business to start to invest more in growth and expansion and such, I think the first place they'll go is their own funds, which are currently in our balance sheet, and I think that will be the principal change. And then secondly, as rates start to move up, the opportunity cost to having money in DDA goes up, and I think you'll start to see a shift out of DDA. But when the economy starts to grow, the first place, before we see loan growth, we'll see deposit declines.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Got it. And I wanted to also follow-up on some of your comments about auto. Regulatory intervention has been in focus in auto finance, and I was hoping maybe you could just share any thoughts on the potential for the CFPB to bring nonbank auto finance companies under its oversight and what that could mean for you and the rest of the banking industry, and I guess, particularly to the extent that there are some nonbank lenders who either get pushed out or see the cost of compliance rise.
Richard K. Davis: Bill, this is Richard. I think until we see any evidence of the CFPB ring-fencing any activities with the non-banks, we're just going to presume it will stay the way it is. As you can see, it didn't stop us as a banking industry to stay in the business. We're dealing with a little higher level of risk, as it relates to the fair lending rules and things that have been said. But I think we've all gotten better at it and know what the risks are. We still are the best, I think, providers of lending to the auto businesses because of our cost of funding and because we are more traditional banks. I've heard the same thing you've heard, and I appreciate the fact that they're going to get to some of the non-banks. And I do think that if they were, that will be net positive, just because the operating paradigms will be the same for all of us. But it won't change in the near term. It wouldn't change anything we're doing at all. And I don't think, until we see evidence of it for some period of time, like a year or more, many of us are going to adjust any of our thinking, based on that. So it will take a while for them to decide which part of the space they want to get into, what it means to oversee them, what adjustments they may make. And we'll take, I think, such a substantial amount of time, that I wouldn't expect any adjustment for at least a year because it takes that long for something like that to cultivate.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Arfstrom of RBC Capital Markets.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just a few follow-ups. Bill, can you just touch a little bit on auto charge-offs and where -- what's normal for your portfolio? There's a little bit of an uptick. I'm sure it's explainable, but just maybe give us an idea of what's going on there.
P. W. Parker: Well, part of that is related to the expansion that we talked about earlier, going into the near-prime space, so some of that's coming to season. And then seasonally, there's usually higher losses in the wintertime and in the summer months. So that's all relatively normal and just most of our book is still -- even though we did expand the low-end, most of the book is still very prime, high prime portfolios. So the level of losses you see this quarter, it'll be pretty stable from there.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, good. Andy or Richard, just on the risk and compliance spending, I think that's good news that we're maybe at the peak. But can you give us an idea of the magnitude, maybe year-over-year, in terms of spending and FTEs that you have devoted to risk and compliance?
Andrew Cecere: Think about the third quarter versus a year ago, I would say we have somewhere between $30 million and $40 million of additional expense and the run rate related risk and compliance.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, all right. But you're thinking that, that is near the peak at this point?
Richard K. Davis: Yes. But I also said it stays there for a while. So in the midterm, it goes down. There's a new permanent level. You didn't ask Andy for 3 to 5 years ago, but it would be probably 3x what it was a couple of years ago. And so we're getting to that place now, and we'll just reassign some of the party. Because compliance, as you know, isn't just a unit or division. It's across every part of the business line. So even myself, team and the front lines, all need to have a more of a compliance view or call it the first line of defense, so every employee has to be thinking more appropriately about doing things perfectly the first time, and therefore, there's an extra cost in each incremental FTE. So it's not just a group we bring in, but it's the way of doing business. And we've adding that to everybody's job over the last couple of years. Plus, we've been having outside third parties, and we've added a bulked up staff in certain places to deal with regulatory issues to align with the new higher bar of heightened standards. But once we get that settled, I can see some of that going back down a bit as we get more efficient and, as you know, we're pretty efficient, once we know what the rules are.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just one more on capital return. Richard, your, sometimes, quotes get taken out of context, but you're on the record of saying that you think 2015 could take off. I'm wondering if you feel like the capital return and the current range is appropriate for next year. Do you feel like you can potentially return more? Do you feel like you need to retain some more for some maybe greater expected balance sheet growth in 2015? Just walk us through that.
Richard K. Davis: Yes, Jon, that's a hard question, right? But I'll tell you, to the extent that we can operate and have now for at least 5 years in this is very low interest rate, slow economy, I think we have proven our ability to withstand a more challenging environment. But we're looking forward to the moment when I think when rates move up, it's less a proxy for the fact that we're poised to do better when rates move up. It means that the economy is doing better, and we get way more benefit out of that. And so for me, it's approximately when the economy starts to turn up. We certainly think we can protect our capital positions, that's for sure, because we know how to manage in an environment like this. But the sooner rates move up, and again, it's a proxy for the economy doing better, the sooner we'll be able to telegraph that we'll be increasing our capital distributions. Until we see that, I'm going to stay in path and just indicate there's a positive bias that as soon as we see economy improve, we're certainly safe on what we have, but we're going to be careful on telegraphing when we can move up until we can see a more sustained revenue environment, which allows us, therefore, to predict a higher level of capital return.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Burnell of Wells Fargo Securities.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just maybe, Andy, a question for you related to expenses next year. Questions have come up on a couple of earlier calls about pension expense. I think you guided, this year, that pension expense will be down about -- will be down a bit from the prior year. And I'm just curious -- I realize we're not at year-end when you set the pension rate and the -- or the discount rate and the pension expense, but how are you thinking about pension expenses affecting your overall expenses in 2015?
Andrew Cecere: Sure, Matt. So if you think about '13 and '14, because of the increase in the discount rate, we actually had a lower pension rate expense of about $130 million on an annual basis. If I were going to reset the rate today, I'd lose that $100 million or so, because rates are back to where they were a year ago. But as you said, we won't know that until the end of the year.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just a question. Richard, I think you mentioned home equity loans were growing. That's a relatively new trend. Could you give us a little more color on where that demand is coming from? Are there any geographies that are growing faster in that product specifically than you've seen in the past? And I'm just curious about any color you can provide on competition from either larger regional banks or maybe some of the smaller local banks, who are looking to get into that space as well.
Richard K. Davis: Yes. So now, let's go back to the beginning. U.S. Bancorp balance sheet doesn't have an oversized home equity portfolio. Never have. And if you look back to just the mortgage business, one of the things we didn't have going into the recession was an overly active sub-prime or near-prime mortgage business either. So we're not feeding off of a lot of runoff. We don't have a lot of deals that are coming due at their 5 or 7-year mark, that might have been originated in the earlier days. So we actually have a pretty core steady book. So for us, it's really simply a matter of the paydowns now are being outpaced by the new originations. And again, you look at the size of our portfolio, it's pretty average. And that's okay because the quality is very high. The application levels are particularly high right now and we are very aggressive in our marketing campaign with an intro rate pricing feature, and that's across the entire 25 states, and that's serving us quite well. I think when I was talking about our pricing advantages, everyone on the call rightfully jumps to Wholesale Banking and thinks about the advantages we have on cost of funds, based on our highest debt ratings, and that transcends into better rates and competitive issues on adjustable rate. But we can do it, too, on things like consumer products, as long as we match-fund it properly. And so we have a very strong new account pipeline going now, and the activation rate is even more impressive. So I'll give you an example. Our 6-month activation rate a year ago was 61%. So we get a line of credit on in 61%, within 6 months later was being used. That's now up to 77%. And so that means that we're finding better customers who really want it and need it and are using it, and increased that with the rate -- fixed rate lock option, which is another feature we've included in our advertising. And we are spending money to talk about it, in both social media and in traditional marketing that, that will be one of our leading products. If you lived in our market, like John does, you'd see the commercials and you'll hear the commercials and you see some of the social media. So we're putting a lot of energy, because we really want that to turn permanently. And we think that, that's one of the best core quality types of loans that you can have. And it's across the whole state, the whole country for us, particularly most notably in the western part, where the balances on markets are growing faster. So home appreciation is related, which totally makes a lot of sense. And I'd say our outlook for quarter 4 is to continue to see some growth in both the originations and the balance sheet. So that's a pretty positive story, off of kind of a slow starting point, but with some permanents around it now, which up until recently, might've been just 1 or 2 months and then a fall backwards, and I think we're on a sustainable growth -- pattern to growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Mustascio of KBW.
Christopher M. Mutascio - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Andy, I want to -- can you talk a little bit about the merchant acquiring business, the underlying trends? What I'm trying to get at, when I look at acquiring revenue per transaction, that's down about 5% year-over-year, and the acquiring spread is also down about 6% year-over-year. A bigger, a longer trend of deteriorating of those 2 metrics, can you kind of give me some color of what's going on in that business from a kind of a margin and spread perspective?
Andrew Cecere: Yes. So the DIA rate this quarter was about 40 basis points, and it is down a little bit from a year ago. Two reasons it's down. Number one is that a little bit of the margin pressure, as you talked about. I think that's beginning to stabilize. But we did see the last 12 months have some pressure on pricing. The second factor is the mix of businesses that we acquire for. So to the extent that where large retailers or airlines in particular, that there's a little thinner spread there. But I would say the decline related to margin pressure is beginning to stabilize. The rest of it will be depending upon the mix of spend in the next 12 months.
Operator: Final question comes from the line of Mike Mayo of CLSA.
Michael Mayo - CLSA Limited, Research Division: I had a few follow-up questions. First, what do you estimate to be your deposit data?
Andrew Cecere: Yes, mike, this is Andy. It ranges from 5% to 90%, depending upon the deposit product. So it's not just one number. We're very detailed by product, by line.
Michael Mayo - CLSA Limited, Research Division: And on an average?
Andrew Cecere: On average, it depends upon the deposit mix we have at any point in time. But if we think about a few years ago where it was, let's say, 20 to 30, it's above that now because of the higher level of DDA and other activities we have. So it's higher than it was in our modeling.
Michael Mayo - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Okay. Richard, you talked about the capital advantage and that gives you a pricing advantage, with higher-quality borrowers. And you said, "Well, it's not really anything new. It's a continuation." But can you somehow quantify that? I mean, you do have required regulatory capital that's significantly below your much larger peers. And I'm just trying to figure out, to what degree does that give you a pricing advantage, which in turn, allows you to gain market share?
Andrew Cecere: So Mike, if you think about it, we're assuming our SIFI buffer's about 50 basis points. We don't know that. That's our assumption. That's when we get to our 8%. So if you're a G-SIB that has a 250 buffer, so let's call it 200 basis points more, and you go through the math, we would have about a 30 to 35 basis points advantage to achieve the same return or less than that and get a higher return. So it is not insignificant. It's a pretty significant advantage.
Richard K. Davis: And Mike, additionally, which we talked about, when we go in to market, if we have to issue any kind of a debt, we have an advantage to every other bank. And whatever that time period is and however much that raise was, we have that much delta to offer up. And as I said earlier, it could be the wholesale. It could even be the consumer businesses, and there's a net positive. But here's the trick, you only use it on the highest in quality customers, because otherwise, you're starting to dip down into things with loan losses and compliance costs and things you may not really understand. So for us, I'd expect you'll hear on other calls that the pricing competitiveness is still high and pretty peaked. You haven't heard that here because we're either a part of the problem or we choose to use our funding advantage to be more competitive on price, not on underwriting. And for the most part, most of the pricing seems to be pretty stable in the competitive environment as we see it, so we're not feeling disadvantaged by it either.
Michael Mayo - CLSA Limited, Research Division: So you'd go to the table and you're competing to get a large, high-quality corporate client, and you say, "We'll price this loan 30 basis points less. Give us your business. Or 25 basis points less." Is that the conversation?
Andrew Cecere: I would say that's the conversation, more for the middle market. In a large client, it's more of a national funding market. And in that example, I think what the outcome is that we have a high return for the same price.
Richard K. Davis: That's right.
Michael Mayo - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Isn't that somewhat similar, though, to other regional banks that also have a capital advantage versus the largest peers?
Andrew Cecere: Capital, yes. Debt rating, no.
Richard K. Davis: It's the 2fer.
Michael Mayo - CLSA Limited, Research Division: And then the last question. Richard, to follow up before, you said 2015 can take off. It's right around the corner. I think there are some quotes and data looks great, and we're all thinking, okay, if Richard Davis is right, this economy is set to take off, and then you look at the 10-year bond, which is saying the opposite. So who's right? Richard Davis or the 10-year bond?
Richard K. Davis: Wow. I've never met the 10-year bond. I'm going to go with me. But I'll tell you what. I do think, and I've said this before, too, I think the stock market is a head fake, if people using that as a measure of the quality or the wealth of -- the intention of consumers to start spending and acting. In fact, in some respects, the stronger the stock market, it's because there's nowhere else to put it. So I'm not changing my view that in '15, things turn around quickly and start to take off, because when they do take off, I think it's pretty likely they will be fast. And again, the pipelines that I'm talking about, the customer intentions I'm talking about, that's what we're waiting for: the final decision when rates start to move, which will create this, I think, tsunami effect of people acting quickly. I'm going to stick to what I said before, and I think it's next year. And when it does, it happens fast. I don't have any evidence that says otherwise, and I'm not responding to the vagaries of 2 weeks of either 10-year interest rates or stock market variances. I'm just going to stick with it.
Operator: That was our final question. Presenters, do you have any closing remarks?
Sean O'Connor: Well, thank you for listening to our call, and please call me this afternoon if you have any further questions. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes U.S. Bancorp's Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-16 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Sean OConnor - Director of IR Richard Davis - Chairman, President and CEO Andy Cecere - Vice Chairman and CFO Bill Parker  Vice Chairman and CRO 
Analysts:  Erika Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bryan Batory - Jefferies Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets Dan Werner - Morningstar Keith Murray - ISI Brian Foran  Autonomous  
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorps Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Following the review of the results by Richard Davis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Cecere, U.S. Bancorps Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately noon at Eastern Daylight Time through Wednesday, July 23, at 12:00 midnight Eastern Daylight Time. I will now turn the conference call over to Sean OConnor, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Sean OConnor: Thank you, Jackie, and good morning to everyone who has joined our call. Richard Davis, Andy Cecere and Bill Parker, are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorps second quarter 2014 results and to answer your questions. Richard and Andy will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of this slide presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our Web site at usbank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during todays call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of todays presentation, in our press release, and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on filed with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard David: Thank you, Sean. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining our call. Ill begin our review of U.S. Bancs results with a summary of the quarters highlights on Page 3 of the presentation. U.S. Bancorp reported record income of $1.5 billion for the second quarter of 2014 or $0.78 per diluted common share. Total average loans grew year-over-year by 6.8% and 2% linked quarter. We experienced strong loan growth in total average deposits to 6% over the prior year and 1.9% linked quarter. Credit quality remains strong. Total net charge-offs decreased by 11% from the prior year and rose modestly on a linked quarter basis. Non-performing assets, excluding covered assets, declined compared to both the prior year quarter and on a linked quarter basis. We continue to generate significant capital this quarter. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio estimated for Basel III standardized approach as a fully implemented was 8.9% at June 30. We repurchased 15 million shares of common stock during the second quarter, which along with our dividends, resulted in a 75% return of earnings to our shareholders in the second quarter. Slide four provides you with a five quarter history of our performance metrics, and they continue to be among the best in the industry. Return on average assets in the second quarter was 1.6% and return on average common equity was 15.1%. Moving to the graph on the right. You can see that this quarters net interest margin was 3.27%, in line with our guidance. Our efficiency ratio for the second quarter was 53.1%. Excluding the impact of two notable items in the second quarter, our efficiency ratio was 51.3%. We expect this ratio will remain in the low 50s going forward as we continue to manage expenses in relation to revenue trends while continuing to invest-in and grow our businesses. Turning to Slide five; the Company reported total net revenue in the second quarter of $5.2 billion, a 4.9% increase from the prior year. Excluding the impact of this quarters Visa sale, total net revenue increased 0.5% from the prior year. The increase is mainly due to the higher net interest income as well as increases in a majority of fee revenue categories, partially offset by a reduction in mortgage banking revenue. Average loan and deposit growth is summarized on Slide six. Average total loans outstanding increased by over $15 billion or 6.8% year-over-year and 2% linked quarter. Overall, excluding covered loans, our run-off portfolio, average total loans grew by 8.3% year-over-year and 2.2% linked quarter. Once again, the increase in average loans outstanding was led by strong growth in average total commercial loans, which grew by 12.4% year-over-year and 5.9% over the prior quarter. Total average commercial real-estate also increased over the prior quarters but the average loans growing by 6.9% year-over-year and 1.1% linked quarter. Residential real-estate loans grew 10.5% year-over-year and 0.4% over the prior quarter. Average credit card loans increased 5.9% year-over-year and were flat on a linked quarter basis. Within the other retail loan categories, auto loans and leases were higher, both year-over-year and linked quarter, while average home equity lines and loans continued to decline. The rate of decline in this category, however, has slowed considerably over the past few quarters. Total average revolving commercial and commercial real-estate commitments continue to grow at a fast pace, increasing year-over-year by 12.7% and 3.1% on a linked quarter basis. Line utilization increased slightly and was approximately 24% in the second quarter. Total average deposits increased $15 billion or 6% over the same quarter of last year. On a linked quarter basis, average deposits increased by 1.9% with growth in low cost savings deposits, particularly strong on a linked quarter basis. Turning to Slide seven, and credit quality. Total net charge-offs declined 11% on a year-over-year basis and rose modestly on a linked quarter basis. The ratio of net charge-offs to average loans outstanding was 0.58% in the second quarter. Non-performing assets, excluding covered assets, decreased by 1.6% on a linked quarter basis and 8.1% from the second quarter of 2013. During the second quarter, we released $25 million of reserves, $10 million less than the first quarter of 2014 and $5 million less than in the second quarter of 2013. Given the mix and quality of our portfolio, we currently expect net charge-offs and total non-performing assets to remain relatively stable in the third quarter of 2014. Andy will now give you a few more details about our second quarter results.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Richard. Slide eight gives you a view of our second quarter 2014 results versus comparable time periods. Our diluted EPS of $0.78 was $0.02 higher than the second quarter of 2013 and $0.05 higher than the previous quarter. The key drivers of the Companys second quarter earnings are summarized on Slide nine. Second quarter results included two previously disclosed notable items. The Company reached the $200 million settlement with the U.S. Department of Justice to resolve their investigation into the endorsement of mortgage loans under the FHAs insurance program. Also on the quarter and prior to the settlement, the Company sold 3 million shares of Class B common stock of Visa resulting in a pretax gain of $214 million. Combined, these notable items had no impact to diluted earnings per common share for the second quarter. Excluding these notable items, the Company achieved positive operating leverage, both on the year-over-year and the linked quarter basis. The $11 million or 0.7% increase in net income year-over-year was principally due to an increase in total net revenue and a lower provision for credit losses. Non-interest income was up 2.7% year-over-year as an increase in average earning assets was partially offset by a decrease in the net interest margin. And $24 billion growth in average earning assets year-over-year included increases in average total loans as well as planned increases in the securities portfolio. Offsetting a portion of the growth in these categories was a $4 billion reduction in average loans held for sale, reflecting lower mortgage origination activity versus the same quarter of last year. The net interest margin of 3.27% was 16 basis points lower than the second quarter of 2013, primarily due to growth in the investment portfolio and lower average rates and lower rates on new loans, partially offset by lower rates on deposits and short-term borrowings and a reduction in higher cost long-term debt. Non-interest income increased to $168 million or 7.4% year-over-year, primarily due to an increase in other income due to the Visa sale. Including the Visa sale, increases in the majority of fee revenue categories, partially offset the decline in mortgage banking revenue. We saw growth in retail and corporate payments, merchant processing, trust and investment management fees, deposit service charges, commercial products revenue, and investment product fees. Non-interest expense increased year-over-year by $196 million or 7.7% due to the FHA DOJ settlement. Excluding the settlement, non-interest expense was essentially flat as lower employee benefits expense driven by lower pension cost was offset by higher compensation expense, reflecting the impact of merit increases and higher staffing for risk and compliance activities. Net income, on a linked quarter basis, was $98 million or 7% higher mainly due to an increase in total net revenue. On a linked quarter basis, net interest income increased due to higher average earning assets and an additional day in the quarter, partially offset by lower loan rates. The net interest margin of 3.27% was 8 basis points lower than the first quarter, principally due to the growth in lower rate investment securities and lower rates on new loans, mainly due to higher growth in wholesale as compared to retail loans. On a linked quarter basis, non-interest income was higher by $336 million or 15.9%. This favorable variance was primarily due to the Visa sale, seasonally higher payments revenue and growth in all other fee categories. Higher mortgage banking revenue was principally due to a favorable change in the valuation of mortgage servicing rights net of hedging activities. On a linked quarter basis, non-interest expense increased by $209 million or 8.2% due to the FHA DOJ settlement. Excluding the settlement, non-interest expense was essentially flat. Lower employee benefits expense was offset by higher professional services and marketing and business development expense. Turning to Slide 10, our capital position is strong. Beginning January 1, 2014, the regulatory capital requirements effective for the Company follow Basel III subject to certain transition provisions from Basel I over the next four years to full implementation by January 1, 2018. Basel III includes two comprehensive methodologies for calculating risk weighted assets; a general standardized approach and a more risk sensitive advanced approaches. As of April 1, 2014, the Company exited its parallel run qualification period, resulting in its capital adequacy now being evaluated against which every Basel III methodology is most restrictive. The most restrictive methodology for our Company is the currently the standardized approach. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio estimated using the Basel III standardized approach as if only implemented at June 30th was 8.9%. At 8.9%, we are well above the 7% Basel III minimum requirement. Our tangible book value per share rose to $15.26 at June 30th, representing a 13.2% increase over the same quarter of last year and a 1.8% increase over the prior quarter. Turning to slide 11. In June, the Board of Directors declared a 6.5% increase in our common stock dividend. As a result in the second quarter, we returned 75% of our earnings to shareholders. Dividends accounted for 31% of the return to shareholders and the 50 million of stock we repurchased in second quarter accounted for the remaining 44%. Ill now turn the call back to Richard.
Richard Davis: Thanks, Andy. To conclude our formal remarks, Ill turn your attention to slide 12. Again in the second quarter, we focused on extending our advantage, which is our thinking for 2014. Our advantage is real and it extents every one of our businesses. Our prudent risk management, our efficient operating platform and our industry leading profitability allow us to operate from this position of strength. The Chicago area Charter One Bank Franchise acquisition that we completed in late June is just one example of that strength. As we move through the second half of 2014, well continue to look to extend our advantage. Our 67,000 talented and engaged employees remain focused on delivering consistent, predictable and repeatable results for the benefit of our customers, our employees, our community and our shareholders. That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Bill and I would now be happy to be answer questions from the audience.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America.
Erika Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Good morning. My first question is the outlook on commercial loan growth for the rest of the year. I think, obviously, your gains on an organic basis continued to be quite impressive and the commentary from the large banks have reported before you, has been quite positive for the year. And I was wondering, Richard, if you could add your commentary in terms of what you are hearing from customers in terms of CapEx for the next six months?
Richard Davis : Id be happy to, Erika. Thank you. First of all, you are right. Weve had some remarkably consistent and industry-leading growth in average loans. And with the commercial kind of the wholesale banking being up 5.9% linked quarter that would be one of our best quarters we have seen in long-time. Ill first tell you that we are seeing and particularly in the middle market where were really want to see kind of the core growth in the country as we see middle market businesses starting to expand in a more organic basis. Credit structures are firming up at the expensive pricing. I typically tell you we dont lose on pricing and we dont because we have a cost advantage but we do see a pricing compression in both in the middle market and the leverage space. But particularly I see that as a good sign of some forms of green shoots in growth. In the larger and investment grade credit structures and pricing remain much more stable. But they are also more driven than they might be organic driven. Loan demands for second quarter were particularly high, and in the second quarter we expect it to moderate slightly but still be at a substantially higher growth rate. In other words that 5.9% will probably moderate to something more between 3% to 5% as we look into the next quarter. Now, our loan growth is strong across the country. There is no regional definition. Retail food and ag continue to be strong and we see some weaknesses coming in oil, gas, energy and utility. So, its probably where you had expected to be and are a reflection of loan growth and our forecast I think is in line with what you see and read about in the current economy. Finally, were seeing new credit opportunities being driven by refinancing, but also seeing, as I said earlier, organic growth. Whats interesting is people are starting to increase inventory, we think to build for a better economy and a better outlook in quarters three and four. Id long believe that as the Fed starts to get closer to whether its a reality of increased rates and leads to believe that they are eminent and that starts to increase economic activity at the wholesale side as people prepare for a better economy. We also expect increased M&A activity continue. And finally we see companies looking to banks to create alternative avenues of funding as they want to prove to the rating agencies that they have a diversified source of funding. So I think banks might be back in favor again for reasons that make sense but especially as rates continue to be low people dont want to miss that one they will be closest. So, in total, I will answer even more than you asked, we were at the 2% linked quarter loan growth. We offer you guys kind of a range of 1 to 1.5 and we move around that as the quarter seasons. We are going to bring it back down to that 1.5 as a starting point as the quarter three begin and well start to iterate that as we get further into the quarter. But I think the 2% might be a high quarter for us this year but were still expecting to be substantially impressive and somewhere between 1.5 range as we get further along into quarter three.
Erika Najarian - Bank of America: Thank you for that. And again I wanted to ask about another area of strength, the year-over-year gains and card balances certainly outperformed even on a core basis still larger competitors. And I am wondering if you can give us sort of a sense of how that correlates with sales volume versus actual balance growth and how much is this taking wallet share away from the larger competitors?
Andy Cecere: Erika, this is Andy. I would say its the combination of all those things, as market share grow as well as core customer grow. So same-store activities, same-store sales on both the merchant and card side was up about 4.5%, a little strong in Europe than in North America but in North America right around 4%. And if you look at our card fees, both on the linked quarter and year-over-year basis, its reflective of the increase in same-store and sales in the customer spend. And then if you look at balances, balances were relatively flat on a linked quarter basis, part of that is seasonality, but you see that growth year-over-year, the level of spend continues to increase, the level of utilization, so to speak, is flat to down a little bit.
Erika Najarian  Bank of America: Got it, and just one last question for you Andy. I was wondering if you could give us an update on where you are with regards to potential or LCR compliance with the proposals and also how much further pressure we should expect on the margin as we think about maybe potentially building the securities book further out for each Q only.
Andy Cecere: Sure, Erika. So, in terms, first of all in LCR, we are very close to that number. As you know, we ended this quarter at $90 billion in securities. We will plan to grow it to $95 billion in the third quarter, so $5 billion is more similar to what we saw in the second quarter. And once we get to the end of the third quarter, Ill let you know, but were going to be very, very close as our expectations, the final rule will come out here in the next few months and that will guide us to what our final number is. But were very close. In terms of margin, our margin was down 8 basis points in quarter, this second quarter. And there are three components; the first is their securities bill, I just spoke to, which costs us about 3 basis points; the second was the reduction in CAA checking account advance fees, which runs through around these and weve talked about that, that cost us about 2 basis points; and then finally the loan mix, most of the growth that occurred this quarter was in the wholesale category. In fact, wholesale overall was up about 4% and retail was relatively flat. Wholesale is a little lower yield and that cost us about 3 basis points. So that is the 8 basis points in quarter two. As we look into quarter three, I would expect the same securities in past, about 3 basis points. I would expect a similar loan mix impact of 2 to 3 basis points. And CAA in quarter three will cause a reduction of about 5 basis points in margin, because our $39 million will go to effectively zero. So you had all that up, its 10 to 11 basis points. But importantly, net interest income will still grow in quarter three versus quarter two.
Richard Davis: And this is Richard. And importantly, after that CAA, those 39 million going to zero were done, so that impact is over. And as Andy said, at this call 90 days to the day well hopefully have both the rules and know where our final liquidity build is and we can either call it done or call it near done and give you final guidance. But for that, all that leaves is the mix and were all hopeful that well continue to do well on commercial and that the consumer will start to bid its own place in growth and in that case the margins will firm up. So, well telegraph you all that once those two activities at CAA and liquidity build are over, we think the margin flattens out and is very small movement along with the big reason of mix.
Erika Najarian  Bank of America: Thank you for such complete answers. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache from Nomura.
Bill Carcache - Nomura: Thanks, good morning. As we look ahead to the period where the Fed I guess excess reserve decreases the Fed [earnings] liquidity from the system. Could you talk a little bit about, presumably in that kind of environment, the strong deposit growth that youve been enjoying decreases and perhaps maybe just you could comment, give us color on the packing order for your funding preferences as we look forward to a stronger long growth environment? And then perhaps also comment on whether you see banks having to, some banks having to raise more expensive funding to remain LCR complaint?
Andy Cecere: So, Bill, I would say, our focus has been on the core deposit category, youre seeing good growth in that category across DDA, as well as interest bearing deposits and then its across both the retail as well as the wholesale and corporate trust side of the equation. We have a great funding source in our corporate trust business, which represents about 15% of our deposit base, including our DDA balances. So we have a strong core deposit and strong opportunity for continued growth. And that would be our principle preference in terms of growth as we look at increased rates. So secondarily we have ample access to the wholesale markets in terms of debt issuance. And as you know, we have the lowest spreads out there in terms of our opportunity there, so that would be secondary delta deposit growth. And finally, we have a entity called the Money Center, which is short-term balance sheet growth in terms of deposits for wholesale customers, which just offers us another opportunity in wholesale growth. So, those are sort of order of opportunity. I will also tell you that were positively bias to increasing rates as you see from our Q and our disclosures, 1.75% or so in terms of 200 basis point parallel shift, and in addition we have about a $100 million in waivers that will come through in fee income to the extent rates go up 75 or 100 basis points.
Bill Carcache - Nomura: Thats very helpful. Thank you, Andy. I had one, last one for Richard. Richard can you offer some perspective on, you gave some very helpful color in your commentary. But perhaps anything that youre seeing now that gives you greater confidence in the sustainability of the recovery given some of the stakes that what you see to-date?
Richard Davis: Hello Bill. This is more of the Richard Davis the world to see, and its consistent. But Ive always thought that and this recession as we finally come out of it, that its going to be the businesses that link first, in other words its not consumed further than like it has in many times past because the wealth of that still isnt present given the housing values and some of the skittish nature of consumers heading down through this recession. So I am seeing more and more the consumerism will be incentivized by price lowering and by new activities and new product innovation by the wholesale sights. And were seeing that, thats why I kind of dont mind. I dont like the mix version but I like wholesale growing. It makes sense to me it is growing faster and first in this recession recovery than the consumer. That also aligns with what I think we would all agree that under giant [yelling] were seeing more and more while she will talk about how careful she wants to be about increasing rates, were taking away some of the time specificity that used to be there, were not linking into unemployment rates, were not linking it to points and time. But were linking it to a sense of how much longer can rates be lower and what kind of levers would it give to Fed and start moving rates up. I think there was announcement have been in our customers view that is coming to an end and that does encourage and incentivize people to take action and make some decisions that they have been sitting on for many, many years. Those are both I think sustainable kind of actions that will provide us with kind of next generation of slow but steady growth back into the consumers and were looking for. So businesses lead out based on a belief that things are coming to an end on low rates, consumers follow then were back into maybe a different kind of a recovery but one that were all I think we all come greatly.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Bryan Batory - Jefferies: My first question is on expenses. So ex the DOJ charge they were pretty flat quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. So just wondering what the outlook is for cost in the back half of the year and if there is an expectation that youll continue to drive positive operating leverage?
Andy Cecere: Yes we do expect positive operating leverage. If you back out the two notable items this quarter as Richard mentioned in his comments, we did have positive operating leverage both on a linked quarter as well as year-over-year basis. We would expect to have that for the full year and we would expect to have our efficiency ratio continue to be in low 50, just like what you saw this quarter.
Bryan Batory - Jefferies: Okay, great. And then next on the discontinuation of the deposit advance product, I think previously you guys had stated that there is not a ton of offsets either with new lending products or fee based products that you can offer. Just wanted to get your updated thoughts there, are there anything youre looking at today that could offset some of that revenue give-up in the net interest income?
Richard Davis: Bryan, I would say, I dont see it, not in this category were going to be looking more to mobile banking and some of the new innovative deposit products to offset that category. But to the extent that we would have to live within some of the new rules that have been created for that kind of a product, it would almost be a breakeven product. And we may still while come out with something, because we want to continue to be good stores of helping people, first time customers and help people that have certainly less means than the average. But at the same time its not going to be a money maker. So, I wouldnt consider it a replacement for any kind of a fee category. I will say that U.S. Bancorp is working on and well probably have a product that will be sufficient to meet a different set of customer needs that we were meeting before. But I think well start turning our attention more to things like mobile banking and mobile payments and some of our payment categories through place where well be kind of forever loss and income benefit from that original checking account advance. So, well seek, it will take a longer to replace than it would have been just a straight up product but I wouldnt count on it.
Bryan Batory - Jefferies: Okay. And the tax rate jumped a bit. Was there anything unusual there? And is the outlook still for 28% going forward?
Andy Cecere: Yes nothing unusual 28% to 29% for the full year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets.
Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets: Just a follow-up on the expense question, Richard or Andy, where are we in terms of the expense environment for U.S. Banc? I know that periodically you have the plan B, which is a more strict approach, based on the revenue environment. But just out of curiosity what is the message internally on expenses?
Richard Davis: Look, we are on plan B right now. There is plan C and D but I prefer on plan B. Our employees have been really they trust us and I appreciate that a lot. In other words, weve said in the outlook, new plan that we expected last November when we built 2014 was revenue up X and expenses up slightly less than X. And as you all know, I think quarter one was the last quarter were not going to see that made up. And so weve asked everybody to reduce their expense growth, still to grow but lower level as we expect revenue to grow but at a lower level. Were in the middle of that now and what that just means is were not taking any risk, discretionary expenses and then asked, were asking people to watch their nickels and dimes and to keep a close eye on FTE. Thats not sustainable but we also dont think its going to need to be, but well continue to employ until the economy starts to show a little more robust and sustainability. Having said that, I think weve mentioned before, the key elements of expense growth are pretty much already in place with the Company; A, our CapEx, which is always the big number. Weve viewed the last few years to really catch-up from the many years before that. And we said our peak years behind us but we have the amortized cost that will continue further through next few. But we said our peak and that starts to move down over the coming years. We dont see any kind of a retrace back to a high level. Weve got the compensation in the FTE but for these acquisitions and new partners we bring on, weve got a really nice steady state. Our compensation is at parity with our peers. Our performance plans pay people for performance. Weve been paying above target for the last few years because performed at that level. So, there is not a big issue there. And then finally on just general operating cost, we have one operating system. Weve raised that one operating system and we bring in the company, we bring a set of same singular view of operating integrity. So, we dont have multiple accounting firms, accounting systems and multiple technology systems that we have to integrate. So on one hand, I told you what you all tell me which is you guys dont have much upside in reducing your expenses because youre already efficient. And Ill say that's true and youre all welcome. We worked hard at that and weve protected. And I think by staying in low 50s as weve committed, its a good indicator to use that we will let revenue be the driver to expenses. But there is nothing substantial that were holding back on or which we had the opportunity to spend money on, its pretty much as the runway. The last big dog in this hunt is whether or not compliance costs are fully burdened. And Im not going to be dummying up to say I think that were done, but I believe the best in everything Im looking at weve come to a place where our operating expenses aligns with compliance audit and operating integrity is pretty much where it needs to be for a while, separate some surprise and now wed like to put in place the last couple of quarters. So I dont see a big jump.
Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. That's helpful. And maybe question for Bill Parker just on credit, I know its really kind of a non-issue at this point but I remember
Bill Parker: You want me to talk about credit. I am here.
Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets: Well, thats part of this is that, I remember when you broke through a 100 basis points of charge-offs and that was -- that seem like a big thing and you talked about maybe been a 90 to 100 basis point charge-off bank. Now it seems like were bouncing around 60. Is this the trough bill or is this feel like normal where its kind of bounce around or whether the puts and takes in terms of a loss outlook?
Bill Parker: Well, in terms of the environment were in, which is a stable economy, modestly improving economy, yes our outlook for our losses are fairly stable. The one area we still have some room for improvement and based on the decline and delinquencies that we saw this quarter would be in residential mortgage. So, there is still room for improvement there. But for this type of environment that, that 90 to 100 that you mentioned wed refine that every quarter, right now its 96. But that's a through the cycle measure, it looks of good times and the bad times. So right now where were at is a comfortable spot for this type of environment.
Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And Bill anything making you nervous or anything where youre holding the line and saying that were not going to do that?
Bill Parker: Well, I wouldnt be doing my job for some of those. But in general, we have not materially changed any of our underwriting standards. The only thing we did coming out of the downturn was do some controlled expansion on our indirect auto portfolio, that's gone well. Weve had strong originations in that space, but its all very high credit quality.
Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Bill Parker: Thanks Jon.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan Werner with Morningstar.
Dan Werner - Morningstar: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I guess relative to with credit quality kind of expanding on that, with commercial loan growing and kind of driving the loan growth here and stable credit quality youre still releasing reserves here. Should we expect that to continue or reverse going forward as loans continue to grow here?
Bill Parker: Well, some day, yes. And I cant tell you the exact infection point. But our reserve release this quarter was $25 million, so very modest less than or about a penny of share. So whether we release a little or start adding a little depending upon the strength of loan and commitment growth, Id say its not that relevant to the earnings potential going forward. But we watch that, we still have little bit of credit improvement to go and so we watch that balance that with our loan and commitment growth.
Richard Davis: Yes, Dan, it will be a super easily telegraph very soft turning the corner that if when that happens in the inflection. So, you wont be surprised by one quarter over the next because its a very slow process. And eventually Id love to be adding to loan losses because the loan growth is so robust and because we should prepare for years forward. So, that to me at the end of the day wont be a bad outcome, but were not there yet.
Dan Werner - Morningstar: Okay. And then second question on mortgage revenue, I had in my notes that to expect like between $225 million and $250 million in revenue, is that still consistent or relatively the range that were going to see for the rest of the year?
Andy Cecere: Yes, I think that's in the range. So, if you look into the third quarter versus the second quarter, this is Andy. We would expect mortgage application volume to increase slightly, typical seasonal increases, but the servicing revenue will down a bit. So I would expect it to be flat to down a bit from this quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Murray with ISI.
Keith Murray - ISI: If you could just touch on the fee momentum, it looks like you had pretty broad momentum in fee category this quarter. Youve obviously just touched on the mortgage outlook. But can you just give a sense of which line items or which categories, ex-seasonality in 2Q, you feel like there is good underlying momentum that could carry through in the back half of 14?
Andy Cecere: Sure. This is Andy again. So across our payments businesses, we saw growth in all four categories. I would say most of that government pressure that we had seen in corporate card is behind us and that government actually grew this quarter, as well as corporate. So corporate fees are good, merchant processing fees continue to grow, card fees continue to grow. Our trust and investment management is doing very well both on the wealth management side, as well as the corporate trust side. Commercial product fees, which is reflection of corporate and wholesale activity continues to grow, investment management is growing. So were actually seeing growth across many categories of our fees. And including deposit service charge, which is more seasonal and based on days, but really I wouldnt say there are any particular weaknesses and strong growth across all. And I thank all of them are quite leveraged to an economic recovery. So, to the extent the growth accelerates, so I think well see even accelerated the growth.
Richard Davis: And I would add to that, Keith, with interest rates and FX volatility solo thats the area where that line continues to be under some pressure. But as Andy said, its very positively extorted into the economy. So the backlog is good and corporate bond fees are on track. So, were seeing some of those coming back to some level that make sense as the economy starts to warm up a bit. But that would be there lag rates as we go through the list of key businesses that we watch.
Keith Murray - ISI: Thank you. Maybe one for Bill, can you give an update on the sneak review, was any of that in this quarter, I am assuming its going to be in the third quarter for you guys, but just any thoughts on the process this year versus past, et cetera.
Bill Parker: Yes, I am glad you asked that actually, because usually we do get the results in August, but this year we got them early. So we have processed everything, its in our results. Any changes for us were completely immaterial. We had excellent results. We have not seen sort of OCCs that are the regulators industry publication, which give some insights into where they saw stress on really just speaking for our portfolio. But were in and done with it and no material impact.
Keith Murray - ISI: Okay, thanks. And then last one, seems like GAAP assets were up about 10% year-over-year, the Basel III risk weighted assets were up around 7%, is this just a mix thing meaning more securities, highly rated securities or is there any kind of optimization going on that you guys are focused on?
Richard David: Its exactly what we said. Its the securities growth at a lower risk weighted asset.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Foran with Autonomous.
Brian Foran  Autonomous: So on the loan growth, I mean clearly you guys are doing very well. I guess, one of the things Id scratch my head is when I benchmark you to the large domestic banks and the HA or whats come out so far in the quarter, clearly the 6.7% year-over-year growth ex-charter one is best-in-class. But then when I benchmark you to the kind of head line numbers for the system, its about a line. And it seems like that this can act a clearly there is the small bank trend, which youve talked about in the past. And I was hoping you could update us on where you see that level of competition? But then B, there is this kind of new trend of foreign banks really growing quite rapidly at least in the total system data. And I was wondering if you could also offer any thoughts you have there? Is that something that is material and youre seeing in your markets or is that more happening in the capital markets and leverage lending and not really affecting you?
Richard Davis: Yes, sure. This is Richard. So, first of all, I guess, I think there are four categories. I think of that you said the kind of domestic banks, I think that the regional banks like us, I think of community banks, and I think of the foreign banks. And our intelligence, neither the community banks nor the foreign banks, was taking any market share or creating any impairment to our growth. So, I cant really look at all the data that youre looking at. On the HA we typically are about half to twice better than those averages as we track it ourselves. So its consistent with what were seeing. Community banks are -- theyre not as diversified, so they will go down the path on one or two loan product type and well fight a good fight in certain smaller markets. At the end of the day when youre looking for a customer with a need for more than just one loan or one type of loan, we typically win the day on that. And the foreign banks maybe its because were more centrally located in the middle of country and even to the West Coast, but they are simply not creating a burden to us that weve noticed at this point and they have in the past, so both of those categories have found us in the times before. I think Ill take it backdoor to the longstanding rationale that weve used to take it outside of it, I wonder what they are doing to, that make sense category and that is our funding advantage is just substantial, I mean theyre real. Theyre very real and they are very big. And you compare to any of those other three groups from the larger money center banks, to the community banks, to the foreign banks, we view them every time. So thus for this management team getting greedy or sloppy and letting too much of that benefit go away altogether, were letting it build itself out. I mean the higher pricing benefits to the highest quality customer, which is why we can have high quality, have growth and have that on a lower risk side and use some of that advantage. So hopefully that makes sense as to why were doing. There is no magic here and there is no sustainably risk of this going away unless we were to harm our own ratings. So were not planning to do that either. So, hopefully Brian that gives you a little more color.
Brian Foran - Autonomous: That does. Thank you. All my other questions have been asked. Thanks.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Nancy Bush with NAB Research.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: I am express a little bit of concern about the behavior of consumer deposits as rates rise and wondered if youve given much thought to the issues if you guys are testing, if you see the need for any new or different products this time around or if you expect things to be pretty sticky?
Andy Cecere: Nancy, this is Andy. I do think were going to see a decline in deposits overall more than what we had seen historically when rates start to move up and weve actually modeled that in our rate sensitivity when we give you our numbers. The best example I think is our DDA levels have gone from about $50 billion to almost $74 billion and I do expect, because there is low opportunity cost of that DDA today as rates move up, were going to see some decline there. So, we are modeling it that way. We are preparing for it that way. And we also have a number of consumer products that were testing in different markets in terms of a little higher rate to continue to grow core deposits.
Richard Davis: Yes, and Ill add to that Nancy. I said home deposit start to fall because that would be a great indicator that people are using their cash. As you know then theyll use our -- the line they have been paying for and then they will give a new line. That brings me to utilization a little bit. We are seeing utilization continue to be slowly but surely getting better, slowly is the operative. We are not seeing a huge turn but actually this last quarter was the first increase in our wholesale utilization since 2008, smaller than it might be thats a pretty big deal and thats along with the potential of deposits starting to come out. Those would be actually good signs I think of consumers and businesses using their money and then some of our money to kind of fund their growth. But I will say we also have this advantage that we want to remind people of on the core deposit side with our corporate trust business, which has a fair amount of contractual difference and distinction 15% or so of our non-interest bearing comes from that safer category. And no matter what the stress test that we provide will result in, it allows us with a little bit more of a foundation core deposits that at the end again with this corporate trust we dont talk enough about but provides the distinction and the uniqueness to our portfolio.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: Thanks for pointing that out. Richard, your thoughts about the payments businesses right now, are you seeing any opportunities, are you more or less excited as you see better economic activity to add to the payments portfolio?
Richard Davis: Yes, I am really loving it I mean we have it. One of the things I often say to you Nancy directly and the others is, if you like us now you are going to love us all when things get better. But one of the things that we havent talk much about is the R&D that we have been spending on payment, mobile payments, not thinking so much as payment which is a space we should be leading in. And there are so many derivatives of what possibly happen and next that people wanting to pay for things and track things and move things. And just about every single prototype we can think of, testing all kinds of different programs and I look forward to the chance to showcase some of those outcomes. Its our style not to talk about the things we are filing because I want to try them first and while I telegraph that to others and if they dont work then you will never know and if they do we will brag about it endlessly. But I think payments its going to be that next step and I think of my response to the question that Bill or Brian asked, I think its going to be the replacement fee opportunity for banks as we get to the more core checking cost and start getting paid for helping people see, track and move their money more naturally and more quickly in this environment. So I like payment for that reason and I like to diversify. Andy, told you government is turning the corner at least stop shrinking, corporate is getting strong as some of these other green shoots weve seen in C&I and the consumer, based on credit volume year-over-year, was up 9%, debit was 5% and prepaid, which is our favorite new space which we have created and graded up 22%. So, for us the payments is a good place to be and like the balance sheet if you like it now you are going to love it later but I think its entirely its actually favorably toward an increasing economy. So, we will cross our fingers.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: And I have to throw in one thing, Richard. I havent heard the word darn since the last couple on Cassidy movie I watched.
Richard Davis: I havent seen one lately and I cant tell you it came from L.A., so I am not sure where it came from. I think thats for Bill, Bill would you darn. Jackie, do we have any other?
Operator: Not at this time.
Richard Davis: All right. Thank you for joining our call. Please call me this afternoon, if you have any other question. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-16 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Sean OConnor  Director, IR Richard Davis  Chairman, President and CEO Andy Cecere  Vice Chairman and CFO Bill Parker  Vice Chairman and Chief Risk Officer
Analysts:  Jon Arfstrom  RBC Capital Markets Erika Najarian  Bank of America Jill Glaser  Credit Suisse Paul Miller  FBR Keith Murray  ISI Bryan Batory - Jefferies Steve Scinicariello  UBS Brian Foran  Autonomous Chris Mutascio  KBW Eric Wasserstrom  SunTrust Jason Harbes  Wells Fargo Dan Werner  Morningstar 
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorps First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Richard Davis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Andy Cecere, U.S. Bancorps Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today approximately at noon EDT through Wednesday, April 23, at 12:00 oclock midnight EDT. I will now turn the conference call over to Sean OConnor, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Sean OConnor: Thank you, Tiffany, and good morning to everyone who has joined our call. Richard Davis, Andy Cecere and Bill Parker are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorps first quarter 2014 results and to answer your questions. Richard and Andy will be referencing a slide presentation during our prepared remarks. A copy of this slide presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at usbank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during todays call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of todays presentation, in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard Davis: Thank you, Sean, and good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining our call. Ill begin our review of U.S. Banks results with a summary of the quarters highlights on Page 3 of the presentation. U.S. Bank reported net income of $1.4 billion for the first quarter of 2014 or $0.73 per diluted common share. Total average loans grew year-over-year by 6% and as expected 1.3% or 5.2% annualized on a linked quarter basis. We experienced strong loan growth  strong growth in total average deposits of 5.1% over the prior year and 0.2% linked quarter. Credit quality remained strong. Total net charge-offs decreased by 21.2% from the prior year and rose modestly on a linked quarter basis as expected due to the unusually high wholesale recoveries in the prior quarter. Non-performing assets excluding covered assets declined linked quarter by 1%. We continue to generate significant capital this quarter. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio estimated for the Basel III fully implemented standardized approach was 9% at March 31. We repurchased 12 million shares of common stock during the first quarter which along with our dividend resulted in a 67% return of earnings to our shareholders in the first quarter. Slide 4 provides you with a 5-quarter history of our performance metrics, and they continue to be among the best in the industry. Return on average assets in the first quarter was 1.56%, and return on average common equity was 14.6%. Moving over to the graph on the right, you can see that this quarters net interest margin was 3.35%. Andy will discuss the margin in more detail in just a few minutes. Our efficiency ratio for the first quarter was 52.9%. We continue to manage our operating expenses effectively and in line with revenue trends. We expect that this ratio will remain in a low 50s going forward and as we continue to manage expenses in relation to revenue trends, while continue to invest in and grow our businesses. Turning to Slide 5. The company reported total net revenue in the first quarter of $4.8 billion, a 1.2% decrease from the prior year and 1.5% decrease from the previous quarter. The decline in revenue year-over-year was largely driven by lower mortgage banking revenue while the linked quarter variance reflected normal first quarter seasonality within our business lines. Average loan and deposit growth is summarized on Slide 6. Average total loans outstanding increased by over $13 billion or 6% year-over-year and 1.3% linked quarter. Overall, excluding covered loans, a run-off portfolio, average total loans grew by 7.6% year-over-year and 1.7% linked quarter. Once again, the increase in average loans outstanding was supported by strong growth in average total commercial loans, which grew by 8.5% year-over-year and 2.8% over the prior quarter. Total average commercial real estate also increased over the prior quarters, with average loans growing by 7.6% year-over-year and 1.9% linked quarter. Residential real estate loans continue to show strong growth, 14.4% year-over-year and 1.7% over the prior quarter. Within the retail loan category, average credit card loans and auto loans and leases were higher both year-over-year and linked quarter while average home equity lines and loans continue to decline. The rate of decline in this category however has slowed considerably over the past few quarters. We continue to originate and renew new loans and lines for our customers, new originations excluding mortgage production plus new and renewed commitments totaled approximately $35 billion in the first quarter. Total average revolving commercial and commercial real-estate commitments continue to grow at a faster pace than loans increasing year-over-year by 11.7% and 3.4% on a linked quarter basis. Line utilization remains at low levels and was approximately 23% in the first quarter. Total average deposits increased by over $12 billion or 5.1% over the same quarter of last year. On a linked quarter basis, average deposits increased by 0.2% with growth in low cost savings deposits particularly strong on a linked quarter basis. Turning to Slide 7, in credit quality. Total net charge-offs declined 21.2% on a year-over-year basis and rose modestly on a linked quarter basis due to unusually higher wholesale recoveries in the prior quarter. The ratio of net charge-offs to average loans outstanding was 0.59% in the first quarter. Non-performing assets excluding covered assets decreased by 1% on a linked quarter basis and 11.6% from the first quarter of 2013. During the first quarter we released $35 million of reserves, equal to the reserve released in the previous quarter and $5 million more than the first quarter of 2013. Given the mix and quality of our portfolio, we currently expect net charge-offs and total non-performing assets to remain relatively stable in the second quarter of 2014. Andy will now give you few more details about our first quarter results.
Andy Cecere: Thanks Richard. Slide 8 gives you a view of our first quarter 2014 versus comparable time periods. Our diluted EPS was $0.73, was equal to the first quarter of 2013 and $0.03 lower than the previous quarter. The key drivers of the companys first quarter earnings are summarized on Slide 9. The $31 million or 2.2% decrease in net income year-over-year was principally due to a decrease in mortgage banking revenue partially offset by lower provision for credit losses. Non-interest income was essentially flat year-over-year as the increases in average earning assets was offset by a decrease in net interest margin. The $12.2 billion growth in average earning assets year-over-year included increases in average total loans as well as planned increases in securities portfolio. Offsetting the portion of the growth in these categories was $6.1 billion reduction in average loans held for sale reflecting lower mortgage origination activity versus the same quarter of last year and a $3.8 billion reduction in average other earning assets, primarily due to the reconsolidation of a number of community development entities in the second quarter of 2013. The net interest margin of 3.35% was 13 basis points lower than the first quarter of 2013, primarily due to growth in the investment portfolio and lower rates on loans partially offset by lower rates on deposits and short-term borrowings and a reduction in higher cost long-term debt. Non-interest income declined by $57 million or 2.6% year-over-year, primarily due to lower mortgage banking revenue, which reflected lower origination and sales revenue. Growth in several fee categories partially offset the decline in mortgage banking revenue including growth in retail payments, merchant processing, trust and investment management fees, deposit service charges, commercial products revenue, investment product fees and other income which was driven by higher equity investment revenue. Non-interest expense increased year-over-year by $74 million or 3%, the increase was primarily the result of higher compensation expense and an increase in other expense which was driven by insurance related recoveries in the first quarter of 2013 partially offset by lower tax-advantaged project cost and lower cost related to other real estate loan. Net income was lower on a linked quarter basis by $59 million or 4.1% mainly due to seasonally lower fee revenue partially offset by lower non-interest expense. On a linked quarter basis, net interest income was lower due to the impact of two fewer days and seasonally lower loan fees, partially offset by higher average earning assets. The net interest margin of 3.35% was 5 basis points lower than the fourth quarter, principally due to growth and lower rate investment securities, loan mix and lower loan fees. On a linked quarter basis, non-interest income was lower by $48 million or 2.2%. This unfavorable variance was primarily due to seasonally lower retail payments and deposit service charges as well as lower commercial products revenue. Partially offsetting the decline in these revenue categories was an increase in corporate payments, trust and investment management fees and other income which was driven by higher equity investment and retail leasing revenue. On a linked quarter basis, non-interest expense declined by $138 million or 5.1%, driven by lower professional services costs, costs related to tax-advantaged projects and marketing and business development costs. Turning to Slide 10. Our capital position is strong and continues to grow. Beginning January 1, 2014 the regulatory capital requirements effective for the company follow Basel III subject to certain transition provisions from Basel I over the next four years to full implementation by January 1, 2018. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio estimated using Basel III fully implemented standardized approach at March 31, was 9% up from 8.8% at December 31. At 9%, we are well above the 7% Basel III minimum requirement. Our tangible book value per share rose to $14.99 at March 31, representing an 13% increase over the same quarter of last year and a 4% increase over the prior quarter. In March, we received the results of our 2014 Comprehensive Capital Assessment Review the CCAR including the Federal Reserves non-objection to our capital plan. Subsequently we announced our new one year buyback authorization totaling $2.3 billion, effective April 1, and our intention to recommend to our board of directors a 6.5% increase in our common stock dividend at our June Board Meeting. Now Ill turn the call back to Richard.
Richard Davis: Thanks Andy. And to conclude our formal remarks, I turn your attention to Slide 12. Extending the advantage, words from the cover of our annual reports that appropriately describe our strategy for 2014. In this slow growth economy, our prudent risk management, efficient operating platform with industry leading profitability allow us to operate commutation strength. We will continue to manage, invest and innovate to further extend this advantage. Yesterday, I had the privilege of leading our Annual Shareholder Meeting in Kansas City. In addition to conducting the official business of the meeting, I told our shareholders how proud I am of what our 67,000 remarkable employees have accomplished and how engaged they are and helping us to be competing to our success. We remain focused on always producing consistent, predictable and repeatable results for the benefit of our customers, our employees, our communities and our shareholders. That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Bill and I would now be happy to answer questions from the audience.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Jon Arfstrom of RBC Capital Markets.
Jon Arfstrom  RBC Capital Markets: Hey, good morning guys.
Richard Davis: Good morning, Jon.
Jon Arfstrom  RBC Capital Markets: Richard, can you give us an update on some of your loan growth expectations and maybe touch a little bit on [inaudible] changes in terms of whats driving some of the commercial growth?
Richard Davis: Be happy to. Thanks Jon. First of all, as you see our linked quarter was 1.3% and we have been saying were in that range of 1% to 1.5%. Based on our ending period not just our average and based on what were seeing, Ill expect that range to continue at quarter two at the high end. So, were actually seeing some slight [inaudible] continued improvement along the way. Now, were seeing it across the board, so wholesale as youve seen in the last many quarters has been driving the majority of that and that continues, leverage lending in middle market remain mostly active as well as loan growth in the western markets particularly the Western United States for wholesale and then seasonal increases in food, ag and in the retail groups. So, were seeing seasonality and continued market share growth which is not going to be stunning but at the high end of 1 to 1.5 that continue to show a trajectory and we think market share improvement.  Commercial real estate, Jon, strong on both coasts as it has been in the past both East and the West as well as Texas particularly in new construction and some investment decisions being made by some of our customers. The most active cities are Seattle, San Francisco, LA and Orange County, so that stays pretty much West Coast focused.  This quarter we have strong loan production in small businesses up almost 30% over last years first quarter, thats all types of small business particularly for those under $250,000 and SBA itself was up more than 50% over the last years same quarter. So, were seeing small business and I think something slightly more than what you might expect to see in seasonality. Residential mortgages, we said is off from its record highs but the portfolio continues to grow. Home equity, while we see that continuing to be the softest spot as we are sliding to get enough acquisition to offset the runoff we had a very strong March, which takes me some good hope in this second quarter particularly as we introduce some new programs and some pricing in order to encourage that behavior in the spring. And then lastly, auto loans and credit cards, theyre both growing. As you know we indicated a number of quarters ago that were going to double our auto loan production in the indirect auto loan and lease and we are doing just that, were right on track. And to give you an idea, our quarter one production for this last quarter was up 33% from the same time last year and we continue to see our rankings and market share starting to move as we hope that it would. And in credit cards, the year-over-year also stronger, credit up 9%, debit up 6%, and prepaid up over 20%. So, I would say it continues to give me optimism that we can stay on the high end of that range and continue to see that getting stronger. I know last quarter I said we think that second half will be stronger than the first half, we still believe that as well. And Ill close with one my reasons for that belief is I think the Fed in their current messaging continues to allow people to believe that were getting closer and closer to the moment in time when rates will move up. And I think our customers are starting to demonstrate behavior and getting really prepared for that moment and eventually they will use these unused lines of credit, theyll use their deposits and theyll start getting more lines on loans to I think accommodate that growth which is probably a few years out but may starting at the last half of 2014. How is that for a brief answer to a quick one?
Jon Arfstrom  RBC Capital Markets: Thats wonderful. I dont want to hog the time on the call here but just one more thing and maybe its related but in terms of the capital plan in the building your capital ratios and the 60% to 80% range, what is the plan for the capital thats not returned to shareholders? Do you want to continue to build capital on the balance sheet? Is this  are you just signaling that maybe there is a little bit faster growth coming, theres more acquisitions coming? Just help us understand whether or not you want capital to build or not and how you plan to utilize the excess?
Andy Cecere: Hi, Jon. This is Andy. First, if you think about the fourth quarter to the first quarter, part of the reason that  two reasons for the increase, number one is our unrealized loss went to an unrealized gain position with our securities portfolio because theyre lower rates and that will change by about $300 million. The second thing is partly offsetting our buybacks in the first quarter was an exceptionally high level of stock exercise, stock option exercises from our employee base, I wouldnt expect it to continue at that level. So, my expectation Jon, is that this is sort of the highpoint, our normal earning asset growth, loan growth that Richard spoke to as well as our expected closure of the RBS transaction, the branches will drive that down in quarters two and three. And big picture, what will accommodate the reinvestment is our earning asset growth.
Bill Parker: The only thing to add Jon we dont [like] [ph] capital so were real careful about that as you know. And in addition to what Andy said we want to continue to have a little powder for acquisition, you saw we did a small [indiscernible] with Ally, Custodian Trust on Monday and well continue to look for particularly payment and trust opportunities and we are still investing a lot I mean, the one thing were not doing and it be easy to do in times whenever things are not as sustainable is stop the investment in things like R&D. And our payments business particularly mobile, were spending a lot of time and energy and money getting sure that we have the best ideas the next new emerging protocol for customers and were not cutting back on those investments in this case because we think its going to be important to stay true to that. So, the retained earnings well use for ourselves as well small acquisitions.
Jon Arfstrom  RBC Capital Markets: Okay. All right. That helps. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Erika Najarian  Bank of America: Good morning.
Richard Davis: Hi, Erika.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Erika.
Erika Najarian  Bank of America: My first question, Andy, I was wondering if you could give us an update on where you stand with regards to the LCR and how we should think about securities purchases from here? And maybe help us understand how earning assets grows as youre [growing] [ph] to pace relative to the loan growth expectations that you laid out?
Andy Cecere: Right. So, Erika, as we talked about in the last call, we did increase our securities portfolio from $80 billion to $85 billion in quarter one. My expectation is we will grow that to $90 billion in quarter two, so up somewhere similar amount another $5 billion. Were getting very close in terms of our target here, but were  Im not going to give you a final number until we get a final role, because the final role has some uncertainty particularly as it relates to the offset on municipal deposits and that can draw our number one way or the other but were getting very close but I would expect another $5 billion in quarter two. As it relates to net interest margin, I would expect a decrease that you saw this quarter similar in the second quarter for some of the same reasons. So, that $5 billion increase in securities portfolio will probably drive margin down 3 to 4 basis points and the combination of loan fees and mix will be another couple of basis points. So, I would expect a similar decline in quarter two. However, because were growing earning assets, I would expect net interest income to grow in quarter two.
Erika Najarian  Bank of America: And given sort of your comments, I know there is still the swing factor, is the liquidity built in the second half potentially slower than the pace for the first half for the year?
Andy Cecere: Again, Erika it will depend on the final role as we hope to get in the summer months, but I wouldnt expect it to accelerate certainly and it will somewhere around the same level or down. The other thing I would remind you, one of the things we talked about also is that CAA or Checking Account Advance product will start to impact margin because that fee goes to loan fees which is a component of margin, that will start to diminish over the second quarter and then more materially in quarters three and four.
Erika Najarian  Bank of America: Got it. And my second question Richard if I could just ask another one on commercial real estate in particular. Weve had comments from a large mega-cap bank, some large institutions during the quarter that commercial real estate continues to be a potential bright spot and that the competition is less fervent here than it is for C&I. On Monday, we heard from another regional bank essentially saying that theyre starting to see frothiness in commercial real estate. Perhaps, give us a little bit of your view on this.
Bill Parker: Yes, sure. I dont have any remarkable offers, I would necessarily align with Mondays commentary. Weve always been growing commercial real estate, I think this past weve done in a very prudent way. We were the ones I think alerting people eight quarters ago about certain markets that were getting sloppy as it related to multifamily as you start to intersect that with what would be for our closed property were coming back on to the market. So, weve been very, very careful not to jump into hard markets that when you predict where there will be once everything is built probably too overbuilt. So, weve been careful there. I wouldnt say that we were less competitive, I would say all of our wholesale businesses are competitive. I would certainly think margin competition and as I said every quarter and I will continue to say because of our cost of funds advantage in our rating and if this will continue to compete on price and we can maybe one of those culprits for why its more competitive on the margins but we will not give it out if its a great customer. We will also not go for the customer if there is a structural need to diminish what would be a quality underwriting or something like that. So, I guess I would say I dont see anything remarkable about CRA as it relates to other C&I business Erika, but theyre both competitive and more prepared to compete for them.
Erika Najarian  Bank of America: Got it. And just a last question and maybe this is for Andy. Was there anything unusual to call out on the mortgage banking line, there is a modest quarter-over-quarter increase in given typical seasonality. I think the market would have expected that to be down sequentially. Was there anything to call out there?
Andy Cecere: Erika, we thought mortgage revenue was going to be relatively flat to the fourth quarter and thats what it ended up being. We had a little bit of a benefit on the servicing rights effective evaluation but that has to be with earnings credit rates and so forth. So, I would say no, nothing remarkable and as I look into the second quarter I would expect a slight increase in mortgage revenue principally due to seasonality.
Erika Najarian  Bank of America: Great. Thank you, for taking my questions.
Richard Davis: Sure. Thanks Erika.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jill Glaser of Credit Suisse.
Richard Davis: Hi, Jill.
Andy Cecere: Hi, Jill.
Jill Glaser  Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning. So, could you just provide some color in terms of what youre seeing in securities of reinvestment yields and [indiscernible] and just your outlook in terms of the margin going forward. And then just overall with your ability to grow [indiscernible] income going forward?
Andy Cecere: Right. So, Jill, the  were going to grow securities portfolios I mentioned about $5 billion on a net basis in quarter two. The securities coming on are about 25 to 30 basis points below those that are coming off in a quarter and then we have the $5 billion of growth. So, that combination of growth and the shift in the price are the rate cost us 3 to 4 basis points and thats the decline well see in the second quarter. That, and then as I mentioned the loan mix coupled with the loan fee is partly due to CA will be another couple of basis points. So, I would expect this to be down 5 or 6 basis points in the second quarter. However, as I mentioned, net interest income should growth because of earning asset growth.
Jill Glaser  Credit Suisse: Okay, great. Thanks.
Andy Cecere: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Miller of FBR.
Paul Miller  FBR: Yes. Thank you, very much. You mentioned on the first question of follow-up, the cities that are the most compelling than that are growing the most, I missed them all, youre telling too, that was Seattle, Orange County?
Richard Davis: Yes, I wouldnt say it once. I apologize. I said Seattle, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Orange County. So, I would write down the specific cost line there.
Paul Miller  FBR: And so, can you add some color what youre saying in Texas and in the Midwest?
Richard Davis: Yes. So, Texas is also the other market that I mentioned. These are markets where you got just underlying growth of populations and consumers, right. So, in Texas, youre going to find some of the traditional markets building out where the communities are getting large rooms were all continues and Texas has been healthy as you know virtually to the south period in time. The west coast primarily provides for what would be some of the transition to multi-family where we feel that as a safe markets based on the composition of growing and also just continued growth of  and migration in some of those growth markets where we see that personal and corporate needs for real estate continue to be pretty strong. We havent spent a lot of time and energy talking about healthcare and some of the retail lease services because were very careful on that area as well because I want to make sure that theyre finding themselves in the right cities and were not messing around in that market right now but we are looking in where development follows people.
Paul Miller  FBR: And then, on the  you did a good job CRA in the competitive nature out there but one of the areas that youve really been growing is the credit card and a lot of people showed lower credit card balances in the first quarter but you continue to show good growth in that. Can you add color around that, is that a big push for you guys?
Richard Davis: Yes, it is. It is  its a big part of our portfolio, its like 7.5% which is one of the reasons why our charge-offs are always [indiscernible] number higher than most of our peers, I dont think anyone has the portfolio risen important as we do it to our mix and we like it. So, were going to continue to grow that. I think you know that we have a FlexPerks program which is  it was derivative of when we lost the Northwest Airlines of airlines sold them in it. The most remarkable thing Ill have ever been a part of my career when Im done here, it continues to provide all kinds of new interest and we continue to get awards for it to get lot of visibility without having to spend lot of time on TV commercials and direct that branding. That brings the branch originations, with 3100 branches we really had not turned out the opportunity for that to be a significant source of really good high quality new cards. So, we have done that in the last six quarters and thats been a remarkable contributor to the kind of growth weve had. And then lastly, Paul to remind you, even in our FlexPerk which Id mentioned a moment ago, weve now introduced a corporate program a FlexPerk Rewards program for corporate cards which continue now to gaining a lot of favor as we realize that lot of these corporate and small business folks are interested in finding a way to retrieve some sort of benefit from using a card and thats taken amazing success in the early stages. So, I think there is more where that came from as well. But to say, that were spending time and energy on credit card is an understatement for me to go back and repeat as part of our R&D cost have been protected under the area of cards not present which will be mobile banking and mobile payments, were seeing a lot of energy there too. So, I would expect that to exceed most of our peers going forward in the area were spending doing lot of money to make sure we stay ahead of the game.
Paul Miller  FBR: And then one last on the order side, its actually an area that you are really done a nice job growing. How is the competitive nature there? How are youve been because everybody is focused on that but I think youve done the best job out there than anybody.
Richard Davis: Thank you. The indirect auto business for us has always been a core capability but as you recall weve announced our [indiscernible] impact over a couple of years. We decided that we will go further down in the [indiscernible] so to the  we call them near prime. But we also realized that we werent a big player in used auto. So, Ill just take you through an example, if you Paul or the F&I guy had the largest Shelby dealer in whatever city, youve always knowing that we were one of the best paper then pick for auto loans and leases for new cars. And now weve introduced used cars, you feel better about introducing the U.S. Banks by paper across spectrum. And then the bonus round as you get more floor planning from that same institution because youre now wholly committed to them in a number of ways that perhaps you werent before. So, for us its kind of a two for three folks but were also getting a high visibility of those dealers planning interest in taking the rest of our paper. So, we already are taking an open door and pushing it further open. I will say that in the rankings we saw in fourth quarter, wed moved up 1.5% in share from eighth place to fifth place among banks. And so that does reflect that our early stage efforts just trying to show up and I would expect that to stay in the top five which is one of our stated goals as we really double the value of this business. Were very careful, I didnt say subprime using clearly I just said something [indiscernible] below near prime but were going to get a lot of that and used autos as well. So, I think thats the reason youre seeing a full line kind of a holistic success and I expect this to be one of our big replacement strategies for OB and new normal for mortgage in the next couple of years.
Paul Miller  FBR: Thank you, very much guys.
Richard Davis: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Murray of ISI.
Richard Davis: Hi, Keith.
Keith Murray  ISI: Thanks. Good morning. Can you just touch on the expense outlook and obviously near term be interested in that but for the longer term when you think about age of compliance that were in and compliance cost going up. Over the long-term do you think your efficiency ratio where does it bottom in the 50s versus history?
Bill Parker: Yes. So, first of all Keith, Im glad you asked question if I would have found the way out do myself, so which Id be known to do. Keep yourselves, thank you. First of all in the near term, lets talk about Ill remind the audience how weve managed the company. Every single 30 days, every 68 lines of business set with me and Andy and we look at their first performance related to their near term forecast and most of it or rest of whatever year were under. So, we create a placer on your call looking around corners. And we thought ourselves on that and as we look around the corners, we continue to measure and manage what it starts out a proper plan continue the year and we adjust it all through the year. And so, as we see any stress on revenue and it could be not so much on volume but it might on margins and on the total income then were going to manage the same thing on expenses. So, we manage expenses 30 days at the time and we are watching every nickel and dime and its not without surprise to you that we are very, very prudent right now and were watching all discretionary costs, were measuring it very closely, were watching all new hires and were being excessively prudent right now because until I see a sustain and a very robust revenue in future, were going to be very careful and were actually watching our expenses to a level below, we thought that would be when we set the plan six months ago. So, hopefully that gives you all confidence and were not to watch that. Secondly, the efficiency ratio, there is nothing more than the result of positive operating leverage and we promise you positive operating leverage this year and were going to deliver it. Naively, but thats the whole part of watching the expenses but that they stay below the revenue growth that were of course seeing and predicting. So, you will find as long as we keep to that mandate and our efficiency ratio stays in low 50s because thats how the math works. We dont have the goal for our efficiency ratio but because our goal is positive operating leverage and were sitting at low 50s, you can grow that but not on the given quarter, but over the course of the year when it staying up to that position as well. If you want to go longer term, Richard Davis here thinks is as rates start to increase as the economy starts to pick up, we become in fact essentially much more profitable and our expenses did not grow at that same speed as our revenue and our efficiency ratio will probably does fall, that it will only be result, there is no target, there is no goal. And I think what you see now is probably one of our least attractive moments in time and the cost of compliance for all intents and purposes, theyre in full burdened and most of what you see now as we continue to look into the future with a new kind of normal for the cost of compliance and audit.
Keith Murray  ISI: Thank you.
Bill Parker: Not only excited but [indiscernible] up until.
Keith Murray  ISI: And just going back to LCR for a second. Does it at all change your view on commercial deposits and how you view them going forward?
Richard Davis: No, it does impact how we think about different deposits in the company and depending upon the LCR runoff assumption, certain deposits are certain more valuable, we try to reflect that in our pricing, weve actually incorporated LCR into our FTP system our Funds Transfer Pricing system. And different deposits have different value and that is a function of LCR and were taking that into account.
Keith Murray  ISI: Thanks. And then just last one, I know its early stages but any update on reworking the deposit in banks product and what are the steps that youd have to go through on that?
Richard Davis: Yes, were working on it. Were working strictly with our lead regulator the LCC and but we havent done a solution yet and as much as were all trying to figure out whats the next step to try. If you follow the real tight balance of the user we lost some 30 some percent of total APR no matter how you calculate it on any given one day, you probably can find a price out but this is going to be the old fashion terms. So, dependent on the willingness of the regulators to allow us to try different combination of new products and new repayment practices. I know theyre working good pace with a number of us trying to find that solution, Ive made it for the U.S. Banks [indiscernible] pilot and tries certain variations on a program to see what kind of loan loss we would have offset against some of the benefits. I do think this industry needs a replacement for folks who would have some form of advanced need on financials before they get their paid but we havent start building that yet and with number of us working with the regulators I think its in the offering but it wont be here soon as our CAA products starts to wind down, so well have to do this again and when it does come back it will be at the same level of profitability but be much more of a CRA kind of a program that will be intended to test and find ways to serve more customers as this recovery starts to pick up.
Keith Murray  ISI: Thank you.
Richard Davis: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Andy Cecere: Hi, ken.
Bryan Batory - Jefferies: Hi, good morning guys. This is Bryan Batory for Ken Usdin.
Richard Davis: Hi, Brian.
Andy Cecere: Hi, Brian.
Bryan Batory - Jefferies: Okay. On the tax rate, it was a little bit lower in the previous guide last quarter. Im just wondering if there is anything unusual the ramp of the tax line this quarter. And where do you expect the tax rate to run going forward from here?
Andy Cecere: It was a little lower Brian, youre right and part of it is due to a small state settlement we had in the quarter, so the TV effective rate was 28.1%. However, I dont expect a large variation for the rest of the year and I would expect it to be somewhere around 28.5%, 28.7% for the full year. So, right around this range, little higher but not much.
Bryan Batory - Jefferies: Okay, great. And then deposits are continue to grow in year-over-year basis, but the growth was a little bit slower quarter-over-quarter, looking at the averages and period end balances particularly for non-interest bearing. Are we starting to see the very early signs here of customers growing deposit funds to fund working capital needs or CapEx or was there just a seasonality impact on deposits this quarter?
Andy Cecere: Brian, it was a more a seasonality impact. We typically have a lower first quarter both because of our corporate trust activities as well as wholesale activities in the first quarter. So, I dont think its yet decline that their drawing down to deposits for investment, I think its more seasonality and I would expect it to increase in the second quarter.
Bryan Batory - Jefferies: Okay. And one final question, the other fee income line was little bit higher than trend, I know you guys call out equity investment gains and some leasing items. Any sense for how big, the magnitude of these gains where?
Andy Cecere: If anything is greater than $20 million or $25 million, we usually call as reserve base so it was more a function of a number of smaller things and that can be lumpy in that category. But were talking about that category when you bring upon item you may have read on Monday that Nuveen was part of the transaction with TIAA-CREF and we have an ownership interest in Nuveen. When its offset and done, that will result in a positive in the fourth quarter for us. As its typical on asset management transactions there are components of revenue retention the customer retention that will determine the final price, but as we sit today, I would expect that would create a gain of a few cents in the fourth quarter.
Richard Davis: Yeah, weve always have vested our first American funds almost two years ago.
Andy Cecere: 2010.
Richard Davis: Yes. And that went to the real estate with an equity position and now this transaction will positively impact us later in the year.
Bryan Batory - Jefferies: Okay, great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Richard Davis: Yes.
Andy Cecere: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Scinicariello of UBS
Steve Scinicariello  UBS: Good morning, everyone.
Richard Davis: Hi, Steve.
Steve Scinicariello  UBS: Just a couple of quick questions on the fee income areas, just want to follow up on the commercial products revenue. I know you kind of mentioned you had some lower wholesale transaction activity just kind of curious has that kind of since rebounded or what the outlook be from here?
Andy Cecere: Right, Steve. So, its a function of a couple of things, one standby letter of credit activity is down and that has been trending down for the past few quarters, I would expect it continue to be flat to down in the second quarter. Second, there is some syndication revenue in that line and that can be lumpy and the first quarter was particularly down, that may come back a little bit in the second quarter. But, generally speaking the commercial products revenue is a function of activity on the wholesale side, first quarter is typically low, it will come back a bit in the second quarter, but I still think showing components like standbys and other credits are going to continue to trend downward.
Steve Scinicariello  UBS: Got you. And then just I know there is seasonality in lot of the card lines, the deposit lines in some other areas, any reason why those wouldnt bounce back as well or is it just purely seasonal thats put down this quarter?
Andy Cecere: For sure, the payments component is weakest in the first quarter across most of the categories and I would expect that to continue to bounce in the second quarter. Deposit service charge is also lower in the first quarter, but a lot of that is also driven by incidents and activity on the retail side. So all things being equal, you would expect a bit of an increase in the second quarter, but it will depend on customer and retail activity.
Steve Scinicariello  UBS: Perfect. Thank you so much.
Andy Cecere: Sure.
Richard Davis: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Foran of Autonomous.
Brian Foran  Autonomous: Hi, good morning. Can you, I guess if you separate your footprint into the cold weather bid, in the warm weather bid, was the trajectory month by month noticeably different into extent the cold weather, part of the footprint was weaker, by the end of March was a kind of back to normal level?
Richard Davis: We really didnt, it sounds so popular to say, but we really didnt see much, I mean even the Pacific Southwest where you have the more traditional winter and the lack of snow and things wasnt meaningfully different than Central and Midwest plans that we do banking and so, while there was undoubtedly some diminishment of consumer activity on those really bad snow events, but for ultimately that were not counting on whether to be much of a factor and we certainly dont see a big pent-up catch up and kind of like a catch of the clock, because we dont see that coming through.
Brian Foran  Autonomous: And then on the payments business, you had a couple of comments that seems more positive. Weve been through a kind of transition period first with the regulatory changes and with the Department of Defense. I mean, we are at a point now where we hit that turning point and certainly the comps are easier but the growth rate kind of returns back to normal or there are still kind of identifiable headwinds that you see in the near term that would depress results across those four line items?
Andy Cecere: Well, Brian, we are seeing the decrease in defense and government spending go down. So, while were still down year-over-year, it was down a far lesser amount, it was down may be 5% or 6% and it was offset by increased corporate activity which actually resulted in corporate payment systems revenue being up on a year-over-year basis, which is a positive sign. So, I think weve seen the worst of it. I think it will start to stabilize and grow.
Brian Foran  Autonomous: If I could sneak in one last one on the dividend targets long term, youve always been very consistent about this, but if you could just remind us, both from your standpoint and a regulatory standpoint, what would have to happen for the environment to look like a 40% dividend payout instead of the 31%.
Richard Davis: Yes, this is Richard. We have always kind of reset it some mid-90, 30% to 40% will be a dividend of 30% to 40% in buybacks and were relying more on the buyback at this stage. Two things, Brian, one is we have been without the Fed oversight, were going to be very prudent and careful to make sure the revenue we do is sustainable under renewed circumstance trust or not. And so a 30% on the lower end of that 30 to 40 per dividend and I believe that in the next year or few years, we will either get permission real comfortable permission wed have we want in that range but well start to think such a robustly strong 24 month future that will move over that number, because we like to give about 30 but we wouldnt get above 40. So its going to be that slow trip somewhere in the middle. Buybacks in the meantime are a very elegant solutions to allow us to have that kind of permissions as long as the price is right and the financials are right to allow our shareholders to target a good return, were giving us that ability turn out and off something given the uncertainty until we see things being more I think sustained. So, were not disappointed where we are, all things told we would get there in a nice long methodical way anyway and I think our expectations were probably aligned pretty well with what the Federal permitted to do as we continue to prove ourselves and prove our stress that it to be accurate and other five years in a row. So well get there over time, but were not doing a withheld and we dont really want to send a signal that we are disappointed.
Brian Foran  Autonomous: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Richard Davis: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Mutascio of KBW.
Chris Mutascio  KBW: Good morning Richard, how are you?
Richard Davis: Great. How are you?
Chris Mutascio  KBW: Im doing well. Thanks. Andy, just a quick question, back on the mortgage side of the house and Im looking at page 40 and kind of give nice breakdown between the origination loan servicing and some of the inputs on the servicing asset. The one item I was kind of looking at is the decay, you know the other changes and mortgage service and rights fair value, you know thats been running plus or minus a $100 million, excuse me growing a negative plus or minus $100 million for the last several quarters and this quarter was down into the $80 million range. Im assuming that decay is less than previous quarters, because prepayments speeds have slowed, is that first of all is that correct?
Andy Cecere: Yes, thats correct.
Chris Mutascio  KBW: And then is that, I guess hard to predict clearly, but if the rates were to stay where they are and its up on long term side, how would I look at the decay would it stabilize at a negative $80 million or does it get lower from here?
Andy Cecere: It all depends on rates as you just mentioned, because of prepayments but I would expect to reach stable to maybe up a little bit depending upon rates within this level.
Chris Mutascio  KBW: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Andy Cecere: You bet.
Richard Davis: Thanks Chris.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Wasserstrom of SunTrust Robinson.
Richard Davis: Hey, Eric.
Eric Wasserstrom  SunTrust: Hi, good morning. Just to follow up on a two different issues that had been raised on the call already. The decline in the credit and debit cards revenue that you showed sequentially is a bit more than what some of your peers have demonstrated and I would have guessed that weather effects may have been part of that, but it seems like maybe weather wasnt such a driver. So Im just curious about what in your view might have explained that differential versus peers.
Andy Cecere: I cant speak to the peers, but our number on a sequential basis is entirely seasonality if you think about our credit card, retail credit card revenue if you look at a year-over-year we are up over 11% principally driven by increased activity and increased market share gain. So the linked quarter is all seasonality.
Eric Wasserstrom  SunTrust: Got it. And then just to go back to Keiths question on the payday events for a moment, I believe that you previously guided to us a quarterly impact of around $50 million negative in NII, is that the case and was that evidenced in this period?
Andy Cecere: We did have decline across the, as expected I would say so across all other fee categories I would say it was yes it was as expected. So, on the payday lending or at the CAA product the full year numbers about $220 million, the first quarter was a little impact. The second quarter is going to be down about $15 million then it goes almost entirely way in quarters three and four.
Richard Davis: That goes about line at the end of May, so we just be at small slow trip down to zero as the year end.
Eric Wasserstrom  SunTrust: Got it. So, sorry Andy just because I was making quickness so that was very little first quarter of 15, second and then sort of failed out by third.
Andy Cecere: Right. So, you think about its just a huge number, if you think about $200 million its sort of 503500.
Eric Wasserstrom  SunTrust: Got it. Great. Thanks so much.
Andy Cecere: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Burnell of Wells Fargo.
Andy Cecere: Good morning Matt.
Richard Davis: Hi, Matt.
Jason Harbes  Wells Fargo: Hey, good morning guys its actually Jason Harbes on Matt. So it looks like you got a pretty nice blues from equity investments and retail leasing revenue and the other fee income category this quarter. Just curious how sustainable do you view that and we guys still expecting overall fee income growth in 2014 in spite of the weaker contribution for mortgage?
Andy Cecere: So Jason a couple of things in that other category, there are miscellaneous equity gains that occur that can be lumpy quarter to quarter. So sometimes up, sometimes down, this was a little bit of a positive quarter as we benefit a little bit from those investments. You really dont know what the next quarters will be until we get the results from the events which we have, so its hard to tell exactly, but I wouldnt expect material changes neither up nor down other than the gain I talked about that we expect in the fourth quarter from the Nuveen transaction, so thats number one. Number two, in terms of overall fee revenue, were going to continue to have the headwind on a year-over-year basis in mortgage banking in quarter two because the decline in mortgage banking didnt really start last year into quarters three and four. But I would expect fee growth in many of the other categories and I would expect overall fee growth in quarters three and four once were passed that mortgage headwind.
Jason Harbes  Wells Fargo: Okay, thanks. And just I guess my follow-up would be on the impact of the affordable housing accounting rule change. Specifically, how we should be thinking about the non-controlling interest line, it looks like thats a little bit of a different number than weve seen historically.
Andy Cecere: Yes. And that was a function of change we made in the fourth quarter, I would say the first quarter is back to a normal level across all categories and the first quarter impact versus the fourth quarter was about $35 million lower non-interest expense and $35 million higher taxes, but thats now in the run rate and what you see in the first quarter now reflects all the accounting change than what we would expect to see in future quarter. So, the only change youll see for us is really volume related, no more accounting.
Jason Harbes  Wells Fargo: Okay. Thanks guys.
Andy Cecere: Sure.
Richard Davis: Thanks Jason.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Dan Werner of Morningstar.
Dan Werner  Morningstar: Good morning.
Andy Cecere: Hi Dan.
Dan Werner  Morningstar: Hi. If Id asked you guys year and a half, two years ago what a normalize net charge-off level was, you would have said around 1% and clearly since then, as the quality has improved and charge-off levels have come down, if I ask you that question now what would you consider normalize charge-off levels both near term and longer term, what kind of answer would I get?
Richard Davis: Long-term and let Bill answer but long term is still 1%. Under the mix of the portfolio, its hard to remember the old division of days right. But if were all extending credit at the right level and we are taking the appropriate measured risk, especially with the credit card portfolio which has the level ours is and the kind of business that we will plan to conduct in consumer areas, 1% would be over the long-term. We actually never had 1%, you got since one way or the other. And based on the map of credit measurements and credit quality we could take a number of years to get to the one. And so we are not taking risk today to get there sooner than we should but we are also not trying to diminish what value we get from housing at 59 basis point but Bill [indiscernible].
Bill Parker: Yes. So, Dan we will measure that every quarter and I mean its very plus or minus the couple basis point of that 1%. So, that just goes to the consistency of our outlook for the portfolio and how we underwrite. And as Richard said, the 1% is not a target per se.
Dan Werner  Morningstar: Right.
Bill Parker: It is a true, the cycle number. So in good times its going to be significantly less and then in bad times its going to be higher.
Bill Parker: Okay.
Richard Davis: And we do not going to see it for a while and even with our recovery that has been taken out, charge-offs are very, very moderate at this point and very flattish. So, at this undoubtedly, we  you know we kind of want all the banks to start going that movement northward as the credit quality becomes important and so does the volume in the more robust nature, people seeking credit in some cases not finding way to pay it back but I dont think it is just for a while.
Dan Werner  Morningstar: Okay. Thank you.
Richard Davis: Thanks.
Operator: That was our final question. I would not like to turn the conference back over to Sean OConnor for any closing remarks.
Sean OConnor: Thank you all for listening todays call. And if you have any more follow-up questions give me call this afternoon. Thank you.
Richard Davis: Thanks, everybody.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, everyone.
Bill Parker: Hi.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-22 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Judy Murphy - Director, IR Richard Davis - Chairman, CEO, President, Chairman of Executive Committee, Member of Risk Management Committee, Chairman of U.S. Bank, CEO of U.S. Bank and President of U.S. Bank Andy Cecere - Vice Chairman and CFO Bill Parker - CCO 
Analysts:  Erika Najarian - Bank of America  Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Moshe Orenbach - Credit Suisse Matt OConner - Georgia Bank Paul Miller - FBR Ken Usdin - Jefferies Eric Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Keith Murray - ISI Chris Mutascio - KBW Steve Scinicariello - UBS Mike Mayo - CLSA Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Partners Nancy Bush - NAB Research, LLC Brian Foran - Autonomous Research USA John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein Kevin Barker - Compass Point  
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorp's Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Richard Davis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Cecere, U.S. Bancorp's Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately noon EST through Wednesday, January 29, at 12:00 oclock midnight EST. I will now turn the conference call over to Judy Murphy, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Judy Murphy: Thank you, Tiffany, and good morning to everyone who has joined our call. Richard Davis, Andy Cecere and Bill Parker are here with me today to review US Bancorp's fourth quarter and full year 2013 results and to answer your questions. Richard and Andy will be referencing a slide presentation during our prepared remarks. A copy of this slide presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at usbank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of today's presentation, in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard Davis: Thank you, Judy, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining our call. I'll begin with a few highlights from U.S. Bank's 2013 full year results on Page 3 of the presentation. U.S. Bancorp [reported] recorded net income of $5.8 billion for the full year of 2013 or $3 per diluted common share. We achieved industry leading profitability with a return on average asset of 1.65% and return on average common equity of 15.8% and efficiency ratio of 52.4%. Total average loans grew by 5.6% and average deposits grew a strong 6.3% year-over-year. Credit quality continued to improve at a 30.1% decline in net charge-offs and a 13.2% decrease in nonperforming assets excluding covered assets. Our capital position end of the year stronger with a Tier 1 common equity ratio of 9.4%, in total, we returned $4 billion or 71% of our 2013 earnings to our shareholders in the form of dividends and buybacks. Turning to Slide 4 and our quarterly highlights, U.S. Bancorp reported net income of $1.5 billion for the fourth quarter of 2013 or $0.76% per diluted common share. Total average loans grew by year-over-year by 5.7% and as expected 1.5% or 6% annualized, on a linked-quarter basis. We experienced strong loan growth in total average -- strong growth in total average deposits of 5.4% over the prior year and 1.8%, or 7.2% annualized on a linked-quarter basis. Credit quality remained strong. Total net charge-offs decreased by 4.9% from the prior quarter, while total nonperforming assets declined, linked quarter by 7.9%. We continued to generate significant capital this quarter. Our common equity Tier 1 ratio estimated using the final Basel III capital regulations was 8.8% at December 31 and we returned 65% of our earnings to shareholders during the fourth quarter through dividends and the repurchase of 13 million shares of common stock. Slide 5 provides you with a 5-quarter history of our performance metrics, and they continue to be ranked among the best in the industry. Return on average assets in the fourth quarter was 1.62%, and return on average common equity was 15.4%. Moving over to the graph on the right, you can see that this quarter's net interest margin was 3.40% as anticipated a few basis points lower than the third quarter. Our efficiency ratio for the fourth quarter was 54.9%, higher than previous quarter due to the seasonally higher expenses and the impact of accounting presentation changes related to investments and tax advantage projects. These changes did not impact net income attributable to U.S. Bank and Andy will discuss them in more detail in a few minutes. As we have stated in the past, our goal is to maintain an efficiency ratio in the low 50s by continuing to manage expenses in relation to revenue trends, while continue to invest in and grow our businesses. And we do expect the efficiency ratio to return to the low 50s in 2014. Turning to Slide 6. The company reported total net revenue in the fourth quarter of $4.9 billion, a 4.4% decrease from the prior year and essentially equal to the third quarter. The decline in revenue year-over-year was largely driven by lower mortgage banking revenue as well as a decrease in net interest income. Linked quarter, a decrease in noninterest income driven again by lower mortgage banking revenue was offset by seasonally higher revenues in other business lines and an increase in net interest income. Average loan and deposit growth is summarized on Slide 7. Average total loans outstanding increased by over $12 billion or 5.7% year-over-year and 1.5% on a linked quarter basis. Overall, excluding covered loans, a run-off portfolio, average total loans grew by 7.3% year-over-year and 1.9% linked quarter.  Once again, the increase in average loans outstanding was supported by strong growth in average total commercial loans, which grew by 7.8% year-over-year and 1.3% over the prior quarter. Total average commercial real estate also increased over the prior quarters, with an average loans growing by 6.7% year-over-year and 2.1% linked quarter. Residential real estate loans continue to show strong growth, 17.6% year-over-year and 3.2% over the prior quarter. Within the retail loan category average credit card loans and auto loans and leases were both high year-over-year and linked quarter while average home equity lines and loans continue to decline. The rate of decline in this category however has slowed considerably over the past few quarters. We continue to originate and renew new loans and lines for our customers, new originations excluding mortgage production plus new and renewed commitments totaled approximately $50 billion in the fourth quarter up 4% linked quarter. Total average revolving commercial and commercial real-estate commitments continue to grow at a faster rate than loans increasing year-over-year by 10.1% and 2.7% on a linked quarter basis. Line utilization edged down slightly again this quarter to approximately 23%. Total average deposits increased by over $13 billion or 5.4% over the same quarter of last year and by $4.5 billion or 7.2% annualized on a linked quarter basis. With growth in low cost interest checking, money market and savings deposits particularly strong on a year-over-year basis. Turning to slide eight, in credit quality. Total net charge-offs in the fourth quarter decreased by $16 million or 4.9% from the third quarter of 2013 while non-performing assets excluding covered assets decreased by $67 million or 3.6%. The ratio of net charge-offs to average loans outstanding in the fourth quarter declined to 0.53% from 0.57% in the third quarter. During the fourth quarter we released $35 million of reserves, $5 million more than in the previous quarter and $10 million more in the fourth quarter of 2012. Given the mixed and quality of our portfolio we currently expect total non-performing assets to remain relatively stable in the first quarter of 2014, while we expect the level of net charge-offs to increase modestly in the first quarter of 2014, as commercial and commercial real-estate recoveries declined relative to the current quarter. Andy will now give you few more details about our fourth quarter results.
Andy Cecere:  Thanks Richard. Slide 9 gives you a view of our fourth quarter 2013 results versus comparable time periods. Our diluted EPS was $0.76, was 5.6% higher than the fourth quarter of 2012 and equal to the prior quarter.  The key drivers of the Companys fourth quarter earnings are summarized on slide 10. $36 million or 2.5% increase in net income year-over-year was primarily the result of lower producing for credit losses and well managed expense partially offset by lower net revenue. Non-interest income declined year-over-year by $50 million or 1.8%, the result of 2.3% increase in average earning assets which was more than offset by 15 basis point decrease in net interest margin. The $7.3 billion growth in average earning assets year-over-year included increases in average total loans and investment securities. Offsetting the portion of the growth in these categories was a $5.8 billion reduction in average loans held for sale reflecting lower mortgage origination activity versus the same quarter of last year and a $3.8 billion reduction in average other earning assets, primarily due to the reconsolidation of a number of community development entities in the third quarter of 2013. The net interest margin of 3.40% was 15 basis points slower than the fourth quarter of 2012, primarily due to lower rates on investment securities as well as growth in the portfolio and lower rates on loans partially offset by lower rates on deposits and a reduction in higher cost long-term debt. Non-interest income declined by $173 million or 7.4% year-over-year, primarily due to mortgage banking revenue, which reflected lower origination and sales revenue. Lower corporate payments revenue, products revenue the result of lower government related transactions also contributed to the decline. Government spending was down about 18% year-over-year. Growth in several free categories help to offset these unfavorable variances, including growth in retail payments, merchant processing, trust and investment management fees, deposit service charges, commercial products revenue and investment product fees. Non-interest expense declined modestly year-over-year by $4 million or 0.1%, the modest decrease was primarily the result of lower professional services expenses due to a reduction in mortgage servicing review related cost and the positive impact from an $80 million mortgage foreclosure related regulatory settlement accrual in the fourth quarter of 2012. These favorable variances were offset by higher benefits expense primarily pension related and higher tax advantage project cost, including the accounting presentation changes in the current quarter. In the fourth quarter we changed the presentation of some tax credit related items in our income statement. These changes were not significant and had no impact on EPS. The impact of the changes is shown on the chart on this slide. These changes in addition to our favorable conclusion on some state tax matters reduced the effective tax rate to 23.8% on a tax equivalent basis in the fourth quarter. This new presentation will continue in future periods. However in the first quarter of 2014 we also expect to adopt new accounting guidance recently issued by FASB, which will move non-interest expense on certain tax credit investments to tax expense. Including all of these changes, we expect our tax rate in 2014 to be about 29% on a tax equivalent basis. Net income was lower on a linked quarter basis by $12 million or 0.8% primarily as a result of seasonally higher expense partially offset by lower provision for credit losses. On a linked quarter basis, net interest income was higher as the $4.5 billion increase in average earning assets was only partially offset by a modest decline in the net interest margin. The increase in average earning assets was the result of growth in loans and securities partially offset by a reduction in average loans held for sale. The net interest margin of 3.40% was 3 basis points lower than the third quarter, primarily due to the growth in lower tax investments, lower rate investment securities as well as strong deposit growth, which resulted in higher cash balances at the [bank]. On a linked quarter basis, non-interest income was lower by $21 million or 1%. Again, this unfavorable variance primarily reflected the decline in mortgage banking revenue as well as seasonally lower corporate [payments] revenue. Partially offsetting the decline in these revenue categories was an increase in retail payments, trust and investment management fees, commercial product revenue and other income. On a linked quarter basis, noninterest expense was up $117 million or 4.6%, driven by higher costs related to tax-advantaged projects including the accounting presentation changes, seasonally higher professional services expense and the timing of marketing and business development projects. Given normal first quarter seasonality and FASB's new accounting guidance related to tax credit investments, we expect first quarter 2014 expense to be similar to the third quarter of 2013. Turning to slide 11. Our capital position is strong and continues to grow. Based on our assessment of the final rules for the Basel III standardized approach, we estimate that our common equity tier 1 ratio at December 31st was 8.8%, up from 8.6% at September 30th. At 8.8%, we are well above the 7% Basel III minimum requirement and above our targeted ratio of 8%. In the fourth quarter, we returned 30% of our earnings to shareholders in the form of dividends and 35% through the repurchase of 30 million shares of stock for a total return of 65%. Our tangible book value per share rose to $14.41 at December 31st, representing an 11.9% increase over the same quarter of last year and a 4.3% increase over the prior quarter. In early January, we completed and submitted our 2014 capital plan to the Federal Reserve. We are now waiting for regulatory approval to raise our dividend and continue our stock buyback program in 2014. Finally, slide 12, provides updated detail on the companys mortgage repurchase related expense and reserve for expected losses on the repurchases and make whole payments. The record warranties repurchase reserve was $83 million at December 31st compared with a $176 million at September 30th. The decline in the reserve reflected the December agreement with Freddie Mac that resolved substantially all repurchase obligations related to reps and warranties made on loans sold to Freddie Mac between 2000 and 2008. The $53 million settlement was reflected in net realized losses for the quarter. Now Ill turn the call back to Richard.
Richard Davis: Thanks Andy. Im very proud of our 2013 results. We achieved record earnings while we manage through a challenging economic environment and a significant pullback in mortgage banking activities as well as in an environment of regulatory and legislative change and uncertainty. We continue to invest in our businesses throughout 2013, both organically and through acquisitions. For example, we added a small Municipal Bond Trustee business in March, strengthening our position as the number one provider to municipal trustee and agency services in United States. And in November, we announced the acquisition of Quintillion Limited an Ireland-based full service hedge-fund administrator, further expanding our alternative investment servicing network in Europe. And we began the New Year with an announcement of the purchase of the Chicago branch franchise owned by RBS Citizens Financial Group. This investment while nearly double our market share in this great market within our footprint strengthening our position and adding product, services and convenience for new and existing customers as well as value for our shareholders. These acquisitions, combined with our ongoing investments in innovative product enhancements, services and people has enabled us to continue to grow our balance sheet and our fee-based businesses and gain market share. U.S. Banks performance metrics continue to be best in class. We are focused on the future, building our company to perform as we have in the past, producing consistent, predictable, repeatable results for the benefit of our customers, our employees, our communities and our shareholders.  That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Bill and I would now be happy to answer questions from our audience.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Erika Najarian - Bank of America : Yes, good morning.
Richard Davis: Hi, Erika.
Erika Najarian - Bank of America : My first question is on the loan demand outlook for this year. Richard, its clear that your bank has been a market share taker over the past several years. But as you look out into this year, are we at an inflection point in terms of loan demand picking up based on what you are hearing from your corporate customers and the activity level that you may be seeing on the consumer side?
Richard Davis: Erika, I believe thats true, and Ill tell you what. I think it maybe a tale of two halfs of the year. I think 2014 starts well looking a lot like 2013 where people continue to husband cash and kind of a hold-off until they see some of the earlier spring sentiment that comes about and whether or not consumers are going to spend and therefore corporations are going to invest. I will tell you as you know the first trigger in that transaction of people spending is the deposit actually going down and our deposits grow and Im glad they are for the extent that were getting more customers. But to the extent that they use their deposits first, theyll then use our line of credit second and they will extend more credits later in that cycle. And were not seeing as much of that yet as we like to at the early stages. The sentiment however is completely different. The sentiment is stronger than its been in all these last Januarys people are much more willing to talk about future investments. I think consumers are starting to think about doing things to add to their house or spend more money for improvements and may be some discretionary items they hadnt before. And so my intuition tells me we're on the verge and advent of an increasing sentiment for consumer spending, but I think we'll see it second half of the year and I think this spring will really tell the tale.  In our companies, in order to offset the expected and predicted reduction in mortgage refinances, we're continuing to spend energy on becoming a market share leader on purchases. And we've also as you know introduced that we're doubling our indirect lending and leasing program over the next few years and even already we're seeing a significant increase in the auto loan volume that we would have otherwise at even over a year ago, up over 30% from fourth quarter of 12. So, I believe that our ability to offset the mortgage and predicted mortgage change, keep market share positions there and add other consumer products like small business, credit card and indirect. I think we're positioned quite nicely, I just think its going to be the second half where you will see the most likely balance sheet impacts that will follow the sentiment we're hearing today.
Erika Najarian - Bank of America : Got it. And as a follow-up question for Andy, could you give us a sense of where you stand in terms of complying with the LCR proposals as they are currently written and how we should think about potential balance and margin impacts further balance of the year?
Andy Cecere :  Yes, thanks, Erika. There are still some questions with regard to the final roles and the interpretation but I'll tell you that we increased the securities portfolio to 80 billion in the fourth quarter and we are expecting to increase it to 85 billion by the end of the first quarter. That will impact margin a few basis points similar what you saw this quarter and that again is our current expectation. We're still working both sides of the balance sheet; the right and left hand side and working through the questions, but right now 85 billion under quarter one.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. So, I just wanted to run through the discussion that you had, it was pretty quick on the accounting changes, may be you could help us understand why you chose to take the accounting changes at this quarter and then you have a follow up in first quarter.
Andy Cecere: So, Betsy this is Andy. So starting in the fourth quarter we moved the amortization of some guaranteed tax credits, from tax expense to non-interest expense. And then we also moved some third party share of losses, we moved the entire third party share of losses on syndicated cash credits to non-interest expense where the related losses are reported. And then finally in the first quarter of 2014 we're going to move some low income housing cost from expense to tax. So the net of all that is what we talked about on page 10, the impacts you see there which lower our tax rate and increase our expense but you'll see a little bit of a reversal in the first quarter. So, when all said and done, our TEB rate for next year will be about 29% and our expense in the first quarter we expect to be closer to what it was in the third quarter of this year.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Okay, all right. So, this is really [fortune], is really a transitory towards a new normal which is similar to your old normal.
Andy Cecere :  Correct, thats correct Betsy.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then secondly I had a question on the [Amex] partnership that you announced recently. I did want to just understand how you are planning on leveraging that and can you list the [Amex] partnership, get to that closed loop for the carts that you would be working with them on to a greater degree than you even have?
Richard Davis:  Yes, this is Richard. Its a marketing and sponsorship partnership for our customers on the high wealth category who have many times said that they have both cards in their wallet. They've got the U.S. Bank Flex card but they also have the [Amex] card. We also wanted to recognized this, I am not trying to get into their close loop, so it's not a transaction activity, its not a system activity for U.S. Bank, its more of a brand. So, you will still have the U.S. Bank branded [Amex] card for our top customers. It will have the ability to have the very high end treatment that an [Amex] customer receives but also be able to do brand U.S. Bank and receive some of the products and services they receive now as our top customers. So, its a little bit more than branding but its a lot less than anything more sophisticated than you might think as it relates to trying to work with close loop or trying to change tracks if you will.  We'll still a VISA MasterCard originating company but for this very small core customers. We actually think sometimes if you cant beat them, join them and Amex has a particularly exceptional product, its the very highest end for services even in and above the credit card needs of customer. So, I think it was the right thing to do. Its not going to move the needle a lot but we're satisfied with the early stage announcement and I think our customers are happy with this as well.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then just while we are on card I know that on your website, you are very vocal about the fact that you're tracking fraud and everything else but youve also been very vocal as a firm with regard to your taking fraud prevention forward, so I dont know if you could comment at all on what you're thinking, in a post target world around moving towards tokenization or EMV.
Richard Davis: Yes, I am a big supporter of progress in all those protective areas, also as being mature to the clearing house we're working on tokenization and cloud use for some of those protections and encryption. I guess what I would say to you is its disappointing that with the retailer fraud that's occurred, it certainly is a burden on the banks because we have most of our customers as well that are affected if they use, in this case, some of those merchants that were affected.  And so we are moving to reproduce all new cards for those customers. We are doing it through methodical process were those who had fraud or we know they had fraud, or where they had fraud, theyre getting card reissues immediately, both credit and debit to the extent that we eventually track every customer who we think could have been affected by that time in period. We are reissuing all of those cards. We are not announcing it as a broad event, were just indicating to our customers that as it goes we want to make sure they are protected and that their information is not in the open, say a year from now, when people aren't paying attention. More germane to the issue Betsy, is one of my concerns is chip at EMV is not necessarily the end point, it's just another step in the journey. And as you get to mobile banking, and you look at cloud, and the other encryptions, it will be interesting to see whether or not we have to stop now and go back to chip EMV or if we really want to leap frog that and get to the more, I think provocative outcome which is going to be the necessary standard, not many years from now. And whether the marketplace reacts and how they react to the breaches that have occurred at some of the more recent merchants is going to be yet to be seen.  So banks will be at the ready, you know as the bank merchant partnership; merchants would have to change their terminals and their willingness to spend the money to have chip receiving cards. We have to reissue cards on chip. Every one of our customers who travels overseas has been getting a chip card for years, because it's necessary over in Europe and some places in Canada. But I think that story we told in the next couple of months. Ask me again in April and we'll just see how it's settled but I think there is one [small dot] that says let's spend all of our energy on the more sophisticated endpoint of mobile banking and cloud encryption.  Others might say we havent got the time to waste, let's jump to the chip step and we will end up getting to the other point a later. We'll be open to either one, because we're acquirer or an issuer or deep in the conversation. There is other alternative even that I havent mentioned. But we'll do this right, whatever the marketplace wants and as banks have proven with merchants together we'll get the right answer because we all want customers supposedly.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley:  Okay. In terms of timeframe and spend from your perspective, is it something that is obviously ongoing. People had said that maybe the chip tokenization would be a three to five year timeframe. Do you feel like that might be a little bit sooner and would we see any of this in the expense line or is it too small? 
Richard Davis: Yes chip has a deadline of 2015, so it would be in the next couple of years. It's more expensive to issue a chip card for sure than a magnetic stripe, but it's not going to break anybody's back. And the receipt is probably more of an issue on the merchant side where it will have to reprogram all of their terminals, now I'm talking small businesses as well as the large merchants, where they would have to change our terminals. And some merchants buy those terminals, so that's a fixed cost you have to change. Many others would lease those terminals which might be a bit easier for that transition. Those are the kind of fundamentals that will come through the economic review of this. But you and I both know there will be a political and maybe a regulatory view of this that might change those outcomes and either force one solution or another based on the concerns from politicians and the protection of citizens or regulators' concerns for our consumer protection.  I think there is a lot of studying to be done because of the simple answer doesnt just go from one to the other because thats only one step in a longer journey. But I do think in the next 90 days we'll have a better sense as it's settled and people decide where the risk is.  I'll close with this though, to the extent that other information is not card related, gets taken or the fraudulent operator have new information access to things that are more than card related, we should all be quite concerned, because at the end of the day the banks will bear the burden in most cases. 14 months from now, one of my customers has been a victim of some fraud that's [going to involve] data that was taken from a card situation. And all of a sudden my fraud levels are higher in the second quarter 2015. I probably will never be able to trace it to any one circumstance that will just be a higher environmental risk, if you like having more breakage off the shelves. So we all have to be much smarter and we are spending a lot of time outside of the card area, watching for fraud behaviors and watching and monitoring activities to protect customers.  What that means that is more customers are going to be have to be tolerant when a really good bank has the protection and first and foremost that says I just discovered fraud or potential fraud. I disrupted your environment for a minute because I want to either change your account number or stop the transaction because I feel like youre going to be a victim if we dont stop it now. I think the recent episode over the last couple of months might help consumers realize that their precaution really is worth a bit of disruption if it protects them in the long term. So there is some good learning that will come out of this and I think banks and merchants should work together. And you have in the past probably more in the future to protect customers and they can feel we all have their best interest. It could be a while.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Moshe Orenbach of Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbach - Credit Suisse: Thanks. The question that I had is, you talked about -- youve been able to improve the capital position of the company based upon the earnings, even though you returned 65% of capital during the full year 2013. How should we think about that, I meant is that -- should that number be higher as we go forward, I mean given that youve been able to actually do both?
Richard Davis: We've said for as long as I actually can remember that we would return 30% to 40% of our earnings in the form of dividends and 30% to 40% in the form of buybacks. 2013, the full year was 71% the quarter was 65%, and so were in that low level range. I will also say to you as a leading follow up question is, as it relates to one of those two measures is currently limited by the federal reserve CCAR process at 30% and at this point were going to continue to abide by those general rules and follow the guidance that weve been given to stay at that perimeter, itll be a time I hope that the fed will say certain banks have earned their permission to go back to along the dividends to be what they think is reasonable and supportable. In that case we probably would float above that 30% level but were not eager to do it at this stage and we have plenty of room and opportunity on the buyback side and still stay within that range at 60-80%.  We like the 20% left for ourselves because we do be expect to be an acquirer, we expect to take opportunities when something comes along, particularly in trust or payment and Ill say theres a great deal of innovation and R&D that were spending money on that, much of which will eventually come to bear fruit, some of it will prove that well learn what doesnt work, but you actually in this environment now, banks that used to be innovators and in this environment you want us to be, you want us to be the leaders of fast followers and work with a lot of other companies and expertise that we might not necessarily have ever had in our legacy. So 60 to 80 is right in the sweet spot, where its 71, and I think right now where we are is a good indicator of where we'll be for 2014.
Andy Cecere: And Moshe, I would add as we were at 86 in the third quarter, dropping at 88, a good part of that increase was a reduction in the pension debit which as a reduction to capital, the pension debit went down because rates went up. So that's a onetime phenomenon and I would expect this in 2014 sort to be in that 8.5 range for most of the year.
Moshe Orenbach - Credit Suisse: Got you, just kind of as a follow up on the idea, Richard, you touched on the idea of acquisitions and youve actually announced a branch acquisition recently, whats the environment like for those types of acquisitions?
Andy Cecere:   You know theyre still one up, one up mostly I mean, we are always interested in deepening our debt where we have a branch network, so we like branches as you know and we are going to be probably a net grower, small but net grower in the next year. It might not be in exactly the same place, we might be in partnerships with universities or grocery stores or things, but we like adding branches and the opportunity to double down like in Chicago is worthwhile. If any of our 25 states currently had an opportunity like that we would be interested. I want you to know, Im not interested in jumping states or getting a handful of branches in a state where you really have not critical mass or even in an NSA where you cant build enough distinctions to call out market leadership.  I also dont see us doing a full bank transaction unless the transaction is still attractive because of the risks Ive talked about before that align with picking up the problems and the legacy issues that you may not ever be able to know at due diligence and you simply cant price for. So I think deals like branch related end market transactions and the two deals we highlighted in our earnings call here today, fund services or even European businesses for payments or trust are things you can expect to see more of and we do have a number of toes in the water in those opportunities that none will move the needle but over time, they add up.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt OConner at the Georgia Bank.
Matt OConner - Georgia Bank: As you look at the payments business and the fee is worth about 3% year over year, obviously the government fees was a drag, but looking towards 2014 it should be much less of a drag from here. How should we think about the revenue growth in that combined segment, and I am thinking just the payment fees overall much as the government fees.
Andy Cecere: Right, good question, now so first this quarter you know we -- a lot of the merchant activities were in the same store sales and same store sales were up about 3% domestically and about 4% globally. So Europe actually outdid the US in that regard. We were way down this year by the government side of the equation as we said in the CARR, government spend was down about 17%, 18% year over year. I think that will begin to stabilize next year and I think you should expect the total payments category to get closer to what is our normal long term growth there but not quite to that level till same store sales has to increase a point or two. So the anchor that we saw this year on a corporate payment I think will begin to diminish as we get into 14.
Richard Davis: Matt it's Richard, just as a reminder you know, the total payment space for us is about a quarter of our revenue, corporate payments is about 20% of that quarter and government is about 20% of that space. So its not a big driver but we like it, were going to stay with it. I dont believe that we have the same kind of future trajectory, a negative trajectory that weve seen in the last two years of both the sequester and the ending of the work, so for us, we'll be glad we stayed with it, we had it carried across the trends and at the same time mortgages, fees were falling but I think that they both have some stability going into 2014 and I think well be glad we stuck with it, but its not as big as it looks, it's more of a headline but if were staying with it, because I think it starts to turn the corner in 14.
Matt OConner - Georgia Bank: Okay then just separately, the Chicago branch deal, have you talked about the -- either the potential earnings impact from that or Im sure there's both some cost savings and some investments that you might be making, how all that nets out.
Andy Cecere: For 2014, Matt, its not material to our number.
Matt OConner - Georgia Bank: Okay.
Richard Davis:
 : But therell be a little branch consolidation, but for that its really an opportunity to be more present in a really big city and what Im hoping for is that the synergies to the 100 branches we have will be as powerful as the ability to insight kind of new growth of the 100 that we're picking up and it will be just be a little more pervasive across Chicago and its a great market for us, we've got great leadership there and we've actually kind of been managing over our sleeves a little bit in terms of our exposure, our marketing and our visibility. And I think we now have a chance to catch up to it and if I can grow more there Ill continue to do so.
Matt OConner - Georgia Bank: I guess the infrastructure that you have now in the market and youve been doing that its all scalable, there is not going to be an expense kind of ramp up as you, okay.
Andy Cecere:
 : No, there will not be. 
Richard Davis:   Yes, so, I was trying to say weve pretty much all the fixed costs were already there, we are just going to add something nice to make it more visible.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Miller of FBR.
Paul Miller - FBR: Thank you very much. Going back to your loan portfolio, one of the areas that youve really done a great job as your residential mortgages and I believe most of them are jumbos, can you talk a little bit about and I think they are arms, am I correct? How is the jumbo markets because were hearing that its very overheated definitely coming out of the west coast where a large banks out there competing very aggressively in that market?
Andy Cecere:
 : So, Paul, actually most of our growth is in a product called smart refinance in the high quality branch originated refinance product for our core customers and that is whats driving and a lot of that is a short, it's not a 30-year product, its a shorter product. We are seeing a phenomenon occur just like youre seeing in the total mortgage business refinancing activity is starting to go down. So that volume will start go down but on the flipside home equity line of credit activity is increasing. So those are the trends I think youll start to see into the next few quarters.
Bill Parker: Yes and we are active in the jumbo space, we have done all long and its pretty much started it towards our private client type customer and many of those are arms.
Paul Miller - FBR: So is that mainly coming out of your private client product mix what I guess.
Bill Parker: A good chunk of it, some of it comes out through the branches in states like California where you have such high home values.
Paul Miller - FBR: And then on your securities portfolio, you talk about that you want to grow that to about $85 billion, what type duration with a new product, with the new stuff coming on are you shooting for?
Andy Cecere:
 : While were keeping at pretty short about half floaters half fixed and you can think in the term of three and three half years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies: The question just big picture as far as revenue growth and operating leverage, slide 6 of the deck shows that the year-over-year revenue growth has still been easily negative largely because the mortgage comps and the payments, but as we look ahead and Richard to your point about getting the efficiency ratio back down towards the low 50s, can you help us understand the dynamic? Do you think, how close are we to the point of getting that year-over-year comp and revenues back deposit and then how also do you think expenses can kind of trend along with that?
Richard Davis: So you know we do kind of manage the company, the governor is revenue, and when we put our profit plan together late last year, we worked from the bottoms up and we figured out what the revenue growth would be and as Ive told you before, the plan would be the expenses will be less than that. So I can tell you that our intent is to have positive operating leverage, I wont take one quarter time because were fairly heavy second and third quarter positive and then without government in the fourth quarter we have that's fall off in quarter one and tougher quarter just because of New Year expenses. But we are looking for positive operating leverage first and foremost Ken, in 2014.  Now, the other thing I said the quote for that though is since were not expecting revenue growth to be overlay robust, we expect to be at least as good if not more what youve seen in the last year or two. Were going to watch our expenses and we have a good run rate of expenses to start with. We've been part of some regulatory consent order to mortgage which was a fairly expensive task that weve now used some of those monies and reallocated to other compliance activities. We are not seeing an undue increase in expenses in order to run the company run safely, but at the same token, but for merit increases and necessary capital expenditures finishing what weve started. This will be a year that we've left some of our investments follow through just on fruition and we wont start a lot of new things, thats U.S. Bank's way of logging expenses. They dont cut expenses because we'd never get over our sleeves. We dont go out and create an environment where we have consultants come in and give us a program and start reducing people, our working force. We typically just watch every single 30-day and make sure we dont do something that the revenue wont allow us to. So you have to trust us. Were going to continue to deliver positive operating leverage because it's how we grow the company, it's how you end up making the success that you can count on predictable. But as each month goes, well adjust as we always do but I think were expecting revenue to be strong enough to allow for some expense growth. So were going to watch our nickels and dimes until this environment is surely on its feet and there is a recovery well. And we dont see that quite yet so were just going to watch everything we do. I really appreciated the questions early on regarding the non-bottom line impact of the accounting changes we talked about with our -- some of our tax credits because we want you all to know thats not material, its not all impactful to bottom line and its more of a landscape they should record it for. We are committed to staying low in 50s and efficiency because were going to let revenue growth faster than expenses, so nothing has changed, I guess I am trying to say. But for this little bit of blip, were going to continue to deliver for you all but, I'll say as over a year probably not this one, when revenue is going to really take off, for a lot of reasons, and while the expenses were a little higher than they might this year but they are still well below that and the way to you alls heart is to keep efficiency positive and make sure operating leverage is the way you drive the bottom line and I am feeling pretty good about it.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies:  Okay, great. And just a question within the expenses, and one little one on the tax thing, you mentioned, Andy, the benefit in the pension side on the capital side. Are you going to see a pension benefit and is that built into your expectation for the first quarter expenses for this year?
Andy Cecere: Yes and yes.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies:  All right, can you help us understand the magnitude of that?
Andy Cecere: So, the increase that we saw from 12 to 13 is going to almost go back to the level it was in 12 in terms of the pension expense. It went up 140 million or so and it will go down about that same range.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies:  Okay. And then just on the last thing on the taxing. So the minority interest piece, I dont think you talked about that. That kind of had been running at a minus 40. So does that now also continue at the same plus 15 range given those changes?
Andy Cecere: Yes, there will be no further change in the minority interest piece.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies:  So it is kind of safe from here. Okay, great. And credit -- your comment about first quarter charge-offs being up and reserve releases a little bigger this quarter. Can you just talk to us about how do you continue to expect any more reserve leads to go ahead?
Andy Cecere: Yes, we do -- we had strong improvement in credit in the fourth quarter, and anticipate well have continued improvement in credit in the first quarter. Losses will be up a little bit really not because of the charge-off side but really because of the wholesale recovery side. Weve had some significant wholesale recoveries in the last few quarters, and its unlikely that those will continue.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Eric Wasserstrom of SunTrust Robinson & Humphrey.
Eric Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey:  Just a couple of questions please. The first is your GAAP assets look like they went up a little less than 1% but your Basel III risk-weighted assets went up a little over 1.5. Can you just explain what accounted for the difference? 
Andy Cecere: Commitments, off balance-sheet commitments.
Eric Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Got it. Primarily lending commitments I assuming?
Andy Cecere: Correct. And as we talked about the fact that our commitment levels are growing more rapidly than our outstandings, which is a good thing in the long-term, and on a 10% annualized basis and thats a principle driver.
Eric Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Great, thank you. And then you and several other institutions have announced the discontinuation of deposit advanced products. What -- how should we think about the influence of that on either the fee or NII line items?
Richard Davis:  This is Richard, I will go first. I will let Andy talk about the financial impact. Its not significant, first of all, but I am disappointed that the product has gone because it was probably the most popular customer product I think I ever had as a banker. In that it was very transparent, was very clear but it simply just didnt meet the [cadence] of the regulatory view of total API on a certain calculation and the general sense that people otherwise are being harmed. So of course we moved along and followed the guidance and were now ending the product even at this month and well wind it down in the next couple. What's I am more interested in is trying to find a replacement of such products so that we can find something for those consumers that will otherwise stay in the protected banking industry where there is over sight in protections which I support greatly. And were working now with the regulators primarily the OCC to see if we can develop some kind of a replacement product. Its too new to have that so we havent got that built into our plan. So as we really expect there will be a second half loss and most of the impact falls to spread income, but Ill leave Andy to give a little more dimension.
Andy Cecere: Right, so as Richard said, we would expect very little impact in the first half of the year given that our -- are going to continue with our current customers until mid-year. In the second half of the year the product earns approximately $50 million a quarter because through a lot of these are net interest income. And that would be the impact if the product in of itself on the way but as Richard mentioned were working on alternatives and well keep you updated on the impacts as we work through those alternatives.
Eric Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thanks, and just following on, and this is my last question. Given the influence of this change, as well as the liquidity guidance that you provided earlier in the call, how should we now be thinking about the net interest margin over the next several quarters?
Andy Cecere: Yes, the net interest margin absent the CAA issue that we just talked about and the securities bill is relatively stable. So the principle change will be the securities bill. The securities bill impacts net interest margin the rate has no impact on net interest income at all. It comes down with fairly neutral spreads. So well continue to update you on that. I would expect the build in the first quarter to impact just by about 3 basis points similar to what you saw in the fourth quarter.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Keith Murray of ISI.
Keith Murray - ISI:  Could you just touch on the strength that youve had in the commercial products this quarter and the sustainability of that?
Andy Cecere: So its across many categories. We had a good quarter in high grade underwriting. We had a good quarter in order of credit activity, FX, just across many categories. I attribute this back to some of the investments we've made over the years in terms of building those capabilities both with people, products and services and technologies. So that is a real positive story for us and I would expect it to continue into 2014.
Richard Davis: Every once in a while you get that moment you can actually prove something and so here we were three or four years ago talking about taking our wholesale bank and moving it from regional to national, creating scale, hiring people in New York and Charlotte. And you'll say, well one year we see the benefits, this is a great example [indiscernible] of where thats starting to show up and coming in more consistent basis. Weve always been a bank to a large number of large customers, Fortune 100 customers but we always didnt have all the products and services. The last few years weve got a chance to become more important in the syndicated line of credit, we moved up in their view of being a trusted partner and now we get the fee businesses as well more often than we used to and thats exactly where this kind of benefit shows up years later.
Keith Murray - ISI: Okay, thanks. And then can you give us some color on the magnitude of any equity gains for this quarter?
Andy Cecere: It was minimal. So if you look at the other income line you actually see an improvement but that was more a function of the third quarter having some negatives, the fourth quarter was relatively neutral.
Keith Murray - ISI: Okay, thanks. And then just lastly on the repurchase reserve and repurchase cost going forward. How should we think about this "more normal run rate" for that line item?
Andy Cecere: Yes. So we have the 753 million with Freddie here in the fourth quarter, and were down to a level that -- we're probably still a little bit higher than what we would be over the long term but were starting to get to a level that I think is more normal in terms of historic level. So were not quite there but its going to be a material change on a go forward basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Mutascio of KBW.
Chris Mutascio - KBW: Andy, first Ive got a quick question for you on expense given the guidance for a first quarter being closer in line with previous third quarter, does that imply that there was a good bit of pull forward of business development and marketing expenses that occur this quarter?
Andy Cecere: No, not necessarily a pull forward, its just a seasonal impact that we typically see. So if you look at the expense increase from third quarter to fourth quarter, about half of it was the tax related and then about half of it was things like legal and professional and marketing and expense. And if you look at our history Chris youll see that the fourth quarter is seasonally higher in those categories and then seasonally comes down in the first quarter.
Chris Mutascio - KBW: Okay, thats fair. Bill, my question for you is, could we see, going back to the reserves for a little bit and I think I ask question almost every time I see you, can we see the pace of reserve releases actually pick up from here? Its been pretty steady around $30 million to $35 million or so. I mean I had a bank yesterday that released more reserves in terms of taking the reserve ratio down in one quarter than you guys have done in four quarters. And BofA now has a lower reserve ratio than you do. So I was kind of wondering given the continuing improvement in credit quality, could the pace of the reserve releases pick up in 14?
Bill Parker: Yes, Ill speak for our bank, right. I dont think so. What were down, what were left with is really improvement in residential mortgage and home equity. Those are really the only two portfolios where there is still work to be done in terms of the fallout from the recession. So absent that I would say were steady as you go for the moment but there is probably not loss of reserve release.
Richard Davis: This is Richard. One thing I hope you guys like about is were not that interesting and volatile and it's a great example. We didnt have anywhere near the same credit issues in the first place. We didnt have to build the reserves in the first place and weve been very steady and methodical and thoughtful all in line with regulator views and accounting views to make sure that were not living on and counting on these reserve releases and you shouldnt either because its not sustainable. I think youll see a lot more of what weve done in the past it's how we get to a point of stability where all of a sudden and were all going to start having reserve releases. And in a forward view there should be a day when banks have growing loans, balance sheet is growing and were adding to our reserves at a level equal to and higher than the current day because those are for future loan charge-offs. So I think were probably closest to most of new basic inflection point but this year we'll have a little bit more but we havent relied on it because at this point were not counting on it to get through this year or the next one.
Chris Mutascio - KBW: Rich I kind of agree with you, but it just gets a little frustrating when I see bank stocks go up on reserve releases and you guys are more prudent going for the full cycle and you dont get credit for the quality of earnings but in any event thats a
Richard Davis: I hadnt noticed.
Chris Mutascio - KBW: If I can just follow up one with Bill, so from your comments it seems like the new belief that reserve for loan ratio for your individual bank will be higher than it was previous to the crisis whether its from the re-regulatory process or what have you, so whether it was one in a quarter to 150 previous to the cycle were going to be somewhat higher than that?
Bill Parker: Right, the first thing is you have to look at the difference and mix so and we do have a fairly large card portfolio relative to the size of our balance sheet relative to our peers. So thats obviously going to keep parts a little higher. And then again as Richard said we just didnt go up as much so were just not going to go down as much.
Richard Davis: With that Chris over the course of time 1.53 charge-off right, we think over the course of time the long time this bank is a 1% charge-off and with FAS 114 in other areas we want to make sure we stay aligned with that and for investors we think to the extent we can stay within the balance of all the rules and not create these volatilities that were occurred at giving away too much than build it back when we dont need it. But again the line with rules and regulation, we would love to stay as steady as we can and have the appropriate level. It actually serves another form of capital if you have a good reserve portfolio for loans that could go bad but for reasons we all know, I dont think any bank is under where there are long term run rate will beneath them we know in the last few years if we didnt take risks as an industry on loans when we shouldnt have, but we probably have record low position and we are going to start building that back. So dont anyone be disappointed when charge-off rates start to move up, provision releases stop and provision build starts, thats actually a pretty good sign that we're all getting back to doing what were supposed to do which is make loans to qualified people and every once in a while one doesnt get paid back.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Scinicariello of UBS. 
Steve Scinicariello - UBS: I just want to circle back to the Chicago branch acquisition for a moment. I'm just curious as you kind of look at the long-term potential opportunity there, do you see the greatest potential benefit over the long-term from ramping up loan growth or cross-selling and further penetrating a customer base in that market? Just kind of curious how you look at that long-term potential benefit, where is the biggest source of opportunity for you? 
Richard Davis : Steve, good question. If we had had our druthers we started from the bottom we would always be top one, two or three in every market in terms of consumer, small business and wealth management. First of all because you're pervasive enough to matter, you are in someones life, at where they are near their work, near their home, in between and now on mobile technology; you are pervasive to them, thats our goal. I am not kind of get out of markets where I am sixth or seventh, that we are still good for the shareholders but I would love to move up in every market to top three.  Chicago is going to take a while, so were are going to move up now at seventh or eighth. In terms of branch distribution we might get in the top five and we can find other deals to couple together maybe more grocery partners and things we could get into the top three or four, thats really what we are headed towards, then the scale matters. Right, so every time I run an ad in the Chicago Tribune and we do something on mobile technology or Chicago land we do a sponsorship of something and partner with the city or some of the suburbs, then all this go so much further and so much deeper and so much better. Employees are more enthused, we get more of a kind of a reputation build. And its one of the greatest cities in the country, so its also worth investing there for a long-term because its pretty loyal market.  So, for us its a step towards getting into top most pervasive companies and the two or three really, really big companies that are legacy and we are legacy in a couple of other big markets and legacy always has to worry that they are going to get old and become part of a kind of an old-fashioned paradigm and we are going to try to protect ourselves when we are really big, and when we are not big we are going to be that really vicious competitor that comes up and tries to reset the paradigm and get people to pay attention to our self. This deal was perfect on all accounts, financially it just accrues because its scale and because it allows us to extend in a market thats going to grow because Chicago will grow.
Stephen Scinicariello - UBS: Well makes total sense but I know you said you are more than willing to look at more of these types of transactions in other markets. The question I have is do you think you might get the opportunity? Just curious what your thoughts might be on that.
Richard Davis : I know more -- I think we're considered a disciplined buyer and so the deals you will never know are the ones that came and went because we said there is no way we are going to pay that for that. But every once in a while one comes along where the motivations of the seller and our interest is high, the price is good for both parties including all the shareholders and this is one of those that came together. So, we if those circumstances align again, we'll do more of these deals because we think its the right way to take advantage, especially in an unfinished kind of unsettled market where until things are normal again, some people have the need to shed assets, others like us will be interested in acquiring assets where it make senses and kind of jumpstart the organic trip that otherwise happens in normal time. So, if we dont do another deal, the branches will be fine, but if more come along on these terms we'll take them.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo of CLSA.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: I was trying to gauge your conviction level that loan growth is coming back. On the one hand, Richard, you're expressing optimism that we've heard from several other bank CEOs on the other hand what I think I heard you guys say is that loan utilization declined down to 23%, that your customers aren't drawing down their deposits, which is a leading indicator, that you don't expect a whole lot of loan growth the next quarter or two and that you yourselves are still watching your nickels and dimes a lot given some uncertainty. So I know you've been more conservative than most over the years and we're all trying to figure out the pace of loan growth. What sort of leading indicator is sentiment or is this just informal? Is this a gut feel? Just any other color on loan growth. 
Richard Davis : Yes, so Mike, Erikas question number one, I think I said it was a tale of two halves and I was confessing that it's solely sentiment from my customers and my bankers that tells me that things are better than they have been. It is not on the balance sheet, it is not evidential at all which is why we do not agree with you that first deposit get used, then lines that are already outstanding get used and then new lines get created and we havent seen any of that. So, it is purely sentiment and perhaps its a lot of just pent-up long overdue demand to get things move moving.  But sentiment is always the leading indicator, right and so I think as I said before, Spring will tell this story more than most springs and the second half will be what the sentiment yields as will results or it will be nothing more than sentiment and we'll be talking in April and again in July as seen -- well at least we see, at least consistent loan growth of the 6% plus annualized loan growth we've been doing it through the whole recession, the only reason we cant keep doing it. But at the same time youve heard us before we are not going to compete on term, on structure we are going to compete on rate and we can continue to do that and the rates are seeing a little bit at compression. So, we'll be thoughtful about it but, you repeated what I said which is its simply sentiment, I dont have evidence yet. And when the evidence starts, the best news I'll have for you is the deposits are drawing down, lines are getting used, and people are starting to show an interest and be involved.  I said before too that I do think that perhaps different than almost any other recovery coming from a recession that people will not be -- the consumer that blinks first, it will be the businesses, meaning that the consumer is not going to evidence like it always has a real strong sense that we are now ready, get ready we are going to buy. I think the businesses are going to have to find a way to incentivise that interest, they can incentivise the product at creations or innovation or pricing and start pulling consumers across to start investing. As long as they invest consumers are starting to feel better and the products are more interesting and the pricing is more attractive, I think thats the magic that will pull this one out, that for the first time I think businesses will drive through this recovery, it really has a lot to do with their behaviours, in and above whatever spend and we are hearing from consumers.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: And one follow up, you talked about the trade-off between price and loan growth and as a low cost producer you can probably afford to charge lower rates on the loans, but you have seen compression across the board on your loans. Are you close to a tipping point where you say, hey, we shouldnt charge a whole lot less or as long as youre growing some NII, its okay?
Richard Davis:
 : I would say our pricing is going to be relatively stable Mike on a go forward basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Burnell of Wells Fargo Securities.  
Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities: Good morning, thanks for taking my question. Just, I guess to focus on one area of loan growth specifically it looked like commercial real estate outstandings were rising at a faster pace in the fourth quarter than they have on a year-over-year basis. We've heard from a number of competitors particularly in the southeast that that is a growing area of competition. Whats your sense in your markets as to the demand for commercial real estate opportunities and looking into 2014 and how competitive has the pricing gone?
Richard Davis:
 : I will start with demand. I mean we have seen pretty good demand on the coast and in the southeast as you mentioned, that was our -- the southeast was our fastest growing market in the fourth quarter. And we have heard from our clients that they are seeing more demand for their product whether its storage or build to suite, more than just the multifamily that weve seen in the past several quarters. So, we are seeing a pickup in demand which is positive and then on the pricing, I think to the extent there has been pricing compression, I think thats mostly behind us. I think the pricing is fairly stable right now. So, we saw good demand in the fourth quarter and expect to continue next year. 
Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities: Then if I can follow up with a question on the capital market side, Richard youve been obviously been quite correctly optimistic particularly for your own business over the last couple of years; as we head into a higher rate cycle, there is concerns I think across the broader market that demand for fixed income underwriting may come down a little bit, demand potentially conversely for equity underwriting may increase. How are you looking at that business heading into 2014 in terms of some of the bigger picture trends that are affecting interest rates? 
Richard Davis:
 : You know Matt, I think; I still see 14 looking a lot like 13. Youve got leverage lending and middle market activity still pretty high. Youve got syndicated issuance still getting better over time primarily refinancing and that refinancing as opposed to new transactions creates a bit of a downward pressure on yields. We've got loan growth looking seasonally best in the western markets and particularly seasonally high including some of the retail groups.  As it relates to more traditional lending, thats where we would see and expect it by the way everything is performing as we thought it was just kind of slow annuity like, as it relates to the more sophisticated transactions what we are seeing in the capital markets are particularly a deal event, action oriented items where someone wants to buy another company or make a particular transaction in the market to create some additional financing and we are there now where we didnt use to be. And we can handle those activities but kind of following the conversation with Mike, the sentiment isnt necessarily any stronger than it was to generate a sense that thats going to be different in 14 but it's not worse than it was in 13.  It just seems to be kind of a slow steady part of that recovery and I think the very high end of the market reflects exactly what the low end is which is careful, thoughtful, event driven by taking advantage when the chance comes along. And the whole economy is still uneven, so there are people who have something they want to get rid of and there are others who find value in it and thats kind of where we are until we see something more predictable. Bill, you want to add to that? 
Bill Parker: Well, I think, you know in terms of the capital markets activity, I think 13 was obviously a very good year for refinancing and higher rates may moderate that a little bit, but there is still a lot of acquisition activity and that will clearly generate bond activity. So, we anticipate that we'll benefit from that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marty Mosby of Guggenheim.   
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Partners: Good morning, as you can imagine most of the questions have been asked, but I have two technical questions I wanted to follow up on. You had mentioned in the tax line that there was a state benefit I think. What was the magnitude of that this quarter?
Andy Cecere:
 : It impacted the rate by about 1%, Marty.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Partners: Okay. And then lastly on the mortgage repurchase reserves, there was a change in reserve of about $30 million. Was that geography and thats a benefit or a reduction of expenses thats probably in other expenses, is that correct?
Richard Davis:
 : Its actually an increase in mortgage revenue and its a reassessment of reserve levels every quarter and its just that what we think is the appropriate level and thats reflected in mortgage revenue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nancy Bush of NAB Research, LLC. 
Nancy Bush - NAB Research, LLC: Question, youve had a great deal of success over the past few years with your loan production offices outside of your traditional banking markets. And could you just speak to what percentage of your commercial revenues are now coming out of those offices and are there plans for expansion in to other markets?
Richard Davis:
 : Nancy, do you mean for the middle market or in corporate?
Nancy Bush - NAB Research, LLC: Yes. 
Richard Davis:
 : Okay. So we have, what we call an adjacent state program. So for instance we have our folks in one market managing Michigan and managing Pennsylvania, we have others managing Indiana and managing Georgia. And thats worked quite well for us. So what weve done is we have a local in footprint management team that has people also in adjacent space where we have enough of a reputation, a halo, we have people know who we are. At the middle market level if you dont have branches you have to be valuable to these folks in a different way because you have to get them up on more than cash management, treasury management, products and some of the servicing it would be more technical and more mobile. Thats how were having success there. Its probably 4% to 5% of our total. Its not a very big number. Its not intended to be because I do think it gives certain level as you get to the point where you have branches. On the larger end we can do business in all 50 states because the corporate customers, its not even in the first three questions of whether or not you have branches nearby, theyre not looking for that from a -- and so were a full on national provider in both corporate and commercial real estate. But as it relates to middle market, its probably 4% to 5% impact on our total, and unless and until we were to find a very large branch acquisition in an adjacent space its going to stay that way because we are just going to really drill down where people knows us best and have the ability if they want us to use our services on the ground.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Foran of Autonomous Research.
Brian Foran - Autonomous Research USA: Hi, good morning, just a couple of quick follow ups, on the commitment growth you saw I know every business is different, every line is different. But is there any kind of historical rule of thumb you would look to for the typical lag between commitments turning into funded balances?
Bill Parker: Yes, this is Bill. I would say we sort of exceeded the historical lag. So normally by this time in an expansionary period you will be seeing these lines being drawn more than they are today. I mean some of our categories are down 10% in terms of normal utilization levels. So I think were still all anticipating when this confidence turns into investment. 
Richard Davis: Yes, I would agree with that. And I would say that -- surprisingly theyre all down a lot very much the same in terms of traditional history, commercial real estate which is the last in, last out in terms of problems and in terms of growth and thats probably the same in this cycle. But if you get anything from small business to commercial real estate specialty products through community banking, theyre all down, in fact even more, I mean bill our collective utilization for the wholesale credits for this company was at 38% kind of level and were at 23% and thats on well over $100 billion so thats in its own right is just a huge place built at the right were in places weve never been, theres nowhere to go but up but in the next month if we go down again well say one more time. But I like the fact that its pent up opportunity, it is even better, its one step better than in an unknown line or loan at this stage because these are people paying for it, theyre paying us to have first have a line, they want have the access to it, the fact they keep growing lines over 11% last year such that they are planning to do something and that kind of feeds my sentiment issue, my answer with Mike Mayo, which is actually that number get stronger, not weaker. So weve got a lot of canaries in the mine, theyre all chirping but nothing is happening yet. 
Brian Foran - Autonomous Research USA: Thats very helpful. On the commercial products I guess as a follow up or clarification, when I think I heard you say '14 should look a lot like 13'. We should be working off the 13 full year base, not the run rate from the fourth quarter for that line item, right?
Richard Davis:
 : Correct.
Brian Foran - Autonomous Research USA: And then lastly just as I think about capital and I guess it touches on the question I think Erika asked, RWA growth versus asset growth. I mean when I look at some of the other super-regionals who are in that advanced approach bucket, mega regionals, whatever you want to call them. RWAs have been falling even if assets have been growing for the past two to three quarters. And I wonder is that a pent up opportunity for U.S. Bank or because some of your peers have more punitive noninvestment grade securities and things like that, are they just reversing out of capital penalty you never had to begin with?
Andy Cecere:
 : I cant tell you what others are doing. I will tell you ours is pretty straight forward. First of all, while were in advanced approach purchase bank the ratio were giving you is a standardized approach because that is your binary constraint that is the lower ratio. So its a pretty simple equation, its basically commitments that are causing the off balance sheet growth. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of John McDonald of Sanford Bernstein.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Morning guys, two quick follow-ups. Andy on net interest income -- you mentioned the net interest margin outlook for the first quarter. Do you hope to grow the net interest income dollars, just the balance sheet still growing, but you might have some seasonality in terms of the account pressure I guess. What would be outlook for the net interest income dollars?
Andy Cecere: Good question John. All things been equal I would expect to be relatively stable, but the first quarter has two fewer days than the fourth quarter. And that in of itself cost us about $30 million - $35 million.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Okay -- otherwise you expect it to be flattish?
Andy Cecere: Pretty close, yes. 
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Okay and then on the expenses you gave the outlook for the first quarter, would you expect the expenses to be declining from the first quarter. In other words are there seasonal items that fight the first quarter expenses as well?
Andy Cecere: No, I would say the first quarter is sort of a normal quarter in terms of activity. There are some things that are higher like FICO expense, some things that are lower like legal and professional. But overall it's relatively representative.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. So to the extent the first quarter efficiency ratio its below the -- its really the seasonal pressure on some of the fee income lines?
Andy Cecere: Yes, the first quarter is a seasonally low quarter in terms of fees, particularly in payments business, card and merchant. It's the lowest quarter of the year.
Richard Davis: There is no holiday, we got the pay downs on the credit cards, so it's always our [weak company] quarter. But thats when things pick up in quarters two and three.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Kevin Barker of Compass Point.
Kevin Barker - Compass Point: Could you talk about the non-QM market? Do you expect to participate in it and if so do you expect it to have an incremental uptick in residential loan growth on your balance sheet?
Andy Cecere:
 : We are going to participate in the non-QM market and much of it is very similar to what we do today. So again we do offer today interest only loans to private client type customers. We do offer lower loan to value loans that might not meet the 43% debt to income in the QM. So, on a go forward basis it doesnt have a material impact on types of loans that were going to be putting on in balance sheet.
Richard Davis:
 : Thats right. And QM-related you're going to find, Kevin, that we really dont have any kind of impact at all to our origination.
Kevin Barker - Compass Point: Would you change anything about the product, whether it's term or rate in order to take into account the risk associated with non-QM lending?
Andy Cecere:
 : No, I mean we recognize the risk and we've mitigated it with either higher down payments in general wealthier customers that type of thing. So we believe that we have the offset built into the underwriting.
Kevin Barker - Compass Point: Thank you.
Judy Murphy: This is Judy back again. Thanks everyone for listening to our call today and with that if you do have any follow-up questions, certainly feel free to call myself or Sean O'Connor and we will hopefully touch base. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in todays fourth quarter 2013 earnings conference call. This call will be available for replay beginning at 12 O'clock PM EST today through 11:59 PM EST on Wednesday, January 29, 2014. The conference ID number for the replay is 137-716-72. Again the conference ID number for the replay is 137-716-72. The number to dial for the replay is 1855-859-2056 or 404-537-3406. Thank you. This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-16 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Judith T. Murphy - Senior Vice President, Director of Investor Relations and Analyst Richard K. Davis - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee, Member of Risk Management Committee, Chairman of U.S. Bank, Chief Executive Officer of U.S. Bank and President of U.S. Bank Andrew Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Erika Najarian - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Dan Werner - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorp's Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Richard Davis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Cecere, U.S. Bancorp's Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately noon EDT through Wednesday, October 23, at 12:00 midnight EDT. I will now turn the conference call over to Judy Murphy, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Judith T. Murphy: Thank you, Tiffany, and good morning to everyone who has joined our call. Richard Davis, Andy Cecere and Bill Parker are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorp's third quarter 2013 results and to answer your questions. Richard and Andy will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of the slide presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules, are available on our website at usbank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of today's presentation, in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard K. Davis: Thank you, Judy, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our call. I'll begin with a review of U.S. Bank's results with a summary of the third quarter's highlights on Page 3 of the presentation. U.S. Bank recorded net income of $1.5 billion for the third quarter of 2013 or $0.76 per diluted common share. Total average loans grew year-over-year by 5.7% and 1.9%, or 7.6% annualized, on a linked-quarter basis. We experienced strong loan growth in total average -- strong growth in total average deposits of 5.5% over the prior year and 2%, or 8% annualized, over a linked-quarter basis. Credit quality remained strong. Total net charge-offs decreased by 16.3% from the prior quarter, while total nonperforming assets declined, linked quarter, by 2.8%. We generated significant capital this quarter. Our estimated Tier 1 common ratio under Basel III rules issued in early July was 8.6% at September 30, while our Basel I Tier 1 common equity ratio was 9.3% and our Tier 1 capital ratio was 11.2%. We returned 77% of our earnings to our shareholders during the third quarter through dividends and the repurchase of over 17 million shares of common stock. Slide 4 provides you with a 5-quarter history of our performance metrics, and they continue to be among the best in the industry. Return on average assets in the third quarter was 1.65%, and return on average common equity was 15.8%. Moving to the graph on the right, you can see that this quarter's net interest margin was equal to the prior quarter at 3.43%. Our efficiency ratio for the third quarter was 52.4%, slightly higher than the previous quarter. As we have stated in the past, our goal is to maintain an efficiency ratio in the low 50s by continuing to manage expenses in relation to revenue trends and while continuing to invest in and grow our business. Turning to Slide 5. The company reported total net revenue in the third quarter of $4.9 billion, a 5.6% decrease from the prior year and a 1.2% decrease from the second quarter. The decline in revenue year-over-year was largely driven by lower mortgage banking revenue, as well as decreases in net interest income and other income, which included a onetime gain in 2012. The linked-quarter variance in revenue also reflected the pullback in mortgage banking activity. Average loan and deposit growth is summarized on Slide 6. Average total loans outstanding increased by over $12 billion or 5.7% year-over-year and 1.9% linked quarter, accelerating from the 1.2% linked quarter we experienced in the second quarter. Overall, excluding covered loans, a run-off portfolio, average total loans grew by 7.5% year-over-year and 2.2% linked quarter. Once again, the increase in average loans outstanding was supported by strong growth in average commercial loans, which grew by 10.9% year-over-year and 2.2% over the prior quarter. Total average commercial real estate also increased over the prior quarters, with average loans growing by 5.1% year-over-year and 1.6% linked quarter. Residential real estate loans continued to show strong growth of 19.9% year-over-year and 4.8% over the prior quarter. Within the retail loan categories, average credit card loans and auto loans and leases were higher both year-over-year and linked quarter, while average home equity loans and lines continued, however, to decline as paydowns more than offset new loan originations. We continue to originate and renew loans and lines for our customers. New originations, excluding mortgage production, plus new and renewed commitments totaled approximately $47.9 billion in the third quarter, equal to the prior quarter and higher than the $45.1 billion originated in the third quarter of last year. Total average revolving commercial and commercial real estate commitments continue to grow at a faster pace than loans, increasing year-over-year by 9.9% and 3.2% on a linked-quarter basis. Line utilization, however, edged down slightly again this quarter to approximately 24%. Given early industry indicators, our linked-quarter average loan growth of 1.9% signifies that we are continuing to gain market share. Our expectation is that linked-quarter average loan growth in the fourth quarter will once again be at the high end of our previously stated range of 1% to 1.5%. Total average deposits increased by over $13 billion or 5.5% over the same quarter of last year and by $5 billion on a linked-quarter basis, with growth in low-cost interest checking, money market and savings deposits particularly strong on a year-over-year basis. Turning to Slide 7 and credit quality. Total net charge-offs in the third quarter decreased by $64 million or 16.3% from the second quarter of 2013, while nonperforming assets, excluding covered assets, decreased by $41 million or 2.1%. The ratio of net charge-offs to average loans outstanding in the third quarter declined to 0.57% from 0.70% in the second quarter. During the third quarter, we released $30 million of reserves, equal to the second quarter and $20 million less than in the third quarter of 2012. Given the mix and quality of our portfolio, we currently expect net charge-offs and nonperforming assets to remain relatively stable in the fourth quarter. Andy will now give you a few more details about our third quarter results.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks, Richard. Slide 8 gives you a view of our third quarter 2013 results versus comparable time periods. Our diluted EPS is $0.76, was 2.7% higher than the third quarter of 2012 and equal to the prior quarter. The key drivers of the company's third quarter earnings are summarized on Slide 9. The $6 million or 0.4% decline in net income year-over-year was the result of a decline in net revenue, offset by a decrease in expense and a lower provision for credit losses. Net interest income declined year-over-year by $69 million or 2.5%, the result of a 2% increase in average earning assets, offset by a 16 basis point decrease in the net interest margin. The $6.1 billion growth in average earning assets year-over-year included increases in average total loans and investment securities. Offsetting a portion of the growth in these categories was a $5.4 billion reduction in average other earning assets primarily due to the deconsolidation of a number of community development entities in the second quarter and a $3.5 billion reduction in average loans held for sale, reflecting lower mortgage origination activity this quarter versus the same quarter of last year. Net interest margin of 3.43% was 16 basis points lower than the third quarter of 2012 primarily due to lower rates in investment securities and loans, partially offset by lower rates in deposits and a reduction in higher-cost, long-term debt. Noninterest income declined by $219 million or 9.1% year-over-year primarily due to mortgage banking revenue, reflecting lower origination and sales revenue, partially offset by higher servicing-related revenue and a favorable change in the valuation of mortgage servicing rights net of the hedge. Also contributing to the decline in noninterest income year-over-year was a reduction in other income, which largely reflected the 2012 gain from the sale of a credit card portfolio. Lower commercial products revenue and a reduction in corporate payments revenue, the result of lower government-related transaction, also contributed to the decline. As a reminder, corporate payments represents approximately 25% of our total payments revenue, and approximately 40% of the corporate payments revenue is government-related, while about 55% of the government revenue is related to defense spending. Defense spending was down about 19% year-over-year, an improvement over the second quarter's rate of decline, while the remaining portion of the government spend was essentially flat to last year. A number of key categories helped to offset these unfavorable variances, including retail payments, merchant processing, trust and investment management fees and investment product fees. Noninterest expense declined year-over-year by $44 million or 1.7%. The majority of this favorable variance was the result of a decrease in professional service expense primarily due to the reduction in third-party foreclosure settlement-related costs. In addition, compensation and marketing expenses declined year-over-year. These favorable variances were partially offset by higher benefits expense, primarily pension-related, and higher costs associated with our tax-advantaged investments. Net income was lower on a linked-quarter basis by $16 million or 1.1% as a result of a 1.2% decrease in revenue and a slight increase in expense, partially offset by lower provision for credit losses. On a linked-quarter basis, net interest income was higher as average earning assets increased by $3.1 billion and net interest margin came in, as expected, stable to the second quarter at 3.43%. The increase in average earning assets was the result of a growth in loans and securities, partially offset by a reduction in average loans held for sale. On a linked-quarter basis, noninterest income was lower by $99 million or 4.3%. Again, this unfavorable variance primarily reflected the decline in mortgage banking revenue, as well as other income, which was lower, linked quarter, as a result of reduced equity investment income, retail lease revenue and a small merchant processing gain recorded in the second quarter. Partially offsetting the decline in these revenue categories was an increase in deposit service charges and seasonally higher corporate payments revenue. On a linked-quarter basis, noninterest expense was essentially flat, up by just 0.3% largely due to other expense, which included higher costs related to tax-advantaged investments. Turning to Slide 10. Our capital position is strong and continues to grow. Based on our assessment of the final rules of the Basel III standardized approach released in July, we estimate that our Basel III Tier 1 common equity ratio at September 30 was 8.6%, equal to the ratio at June 30. At 8.6%, we are well above the 7% Basel III minimum requirement and above our targeted ratio of 8%. In the third quarter, we returned 30% of our earnings to shareholders in the form of dividends and 40% -- 47% through the repurchase of over 17 million shares of stock for a total return of 77%. Of note, our tangible book value per share rose to $13.82 at September 30, representing an 8.4% increase over the same quarter of last year and a 2.5% increase over the prior quarter. Finally, Slide 11 provides updated detail on the company's mortgage repurchase-related expense and a reserve for expected losses on repurchases and make-whole payments. The rep and warranties repurchase reserve was $176 million at September 30, while the outstanding repurchase and make-whole request balances at September 30 was $114 million. I'll now turn the call back to Richard.
Richard K. Davis: Thanks, Andy. And turning to Slide 12. In September, we hosted our 2013 Investor Day in New York City. The theme of this year's conference was Extending the Advantage, which followed our 2010 Investor Day theme of Positioned to Win. During the presentations, our senior management team spent time reviewing what we accomplished since 2010, which included our added distribution and sale; our expanded products, services and capabilities; and our gains in market share, as well as how we positioned the company to capitalize on future growth opportunities. In other words, how we are extending the sustainable, competitive advantage that our company has created through carefully investing in our diversified business model by maintaining prudent risk management, by focusing on operating integrity and compliance, by sustaining strong capital and liquidity and by providing superior returns for our shareholders. U.S. Bank's performance metrics for the third quarter will, once again, be among the best in the industry. We will continue to build our company to perform in the future as we have in the past and remain focused on producing consistent, predictable and repeatable results for the benefit of our customers, our employees, our communities and our shareholders. That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Bill and I would now be happy to answer questions from our audience.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Erika Najarian of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Erika Najarian - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My first question goes with the theme of Extending the Advantage. As I'm sure you're aware, larger banks or banks just larger than you have to comply with these new supplementary leverage ratio rules. And particularly, as it relates to the 100% capital that they have to hold against unfunded lending commitments, do you think that could be an opportunity for a bank with your scale and size if the SLR does pass as proposed?
Andrew Cecere: Erika, this is Andy. While we're not bound by that supplementary ratio, our ratio, in fact, would be above the 6% that we currently have. So it is -- given the simple structure of our balance sheet and the fact that most of our deposits -- or most of our funding is deposit-oriented, it is not a major factor for us. And so to that extent, it could be an advantage.
Erika Najarian - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And just a question on your Basel III disclosure. Could you give us what your Basel III Tier 1 common would be under the advanced approach?
Andrew Cecere: It's interesting. We have a situation where our standardized approach is a lower ratio than our advanced approach. Said another way, standardized is our binding constraint because the advantage that we get from our simple, high-quality credit portfolio is more than the negative we get from increasing of our capital due to operational risk. So our capital ratio actually would be higher under the advanced approach. Therefore, our return would be actually a little bit better.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley. Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Richard, I was just wondering if you could elaborate a little bit on your expectations for keeping the loan growth rate about the same pace and help us think about the constitution of it. It seemed like this quarter, you had resi mortgage pick up the slack a little bit. And so I'm just wondering what you're seeing in terms of people's appetite out there but also your appetite for retaining certain types of loan production.
Richard K. Davis: Yes, thanks, Ken. Mortgage had a strong quarter, and it's actually across the board. We were very pleased especially in some of the auto and consumer areas that have, in the last couple of quarters, not had this kind of lift. So I like the way it came about this quarter, which gives me confidence to say that we'll still be in that 1% to 1.5% range and probably in the high end of that, unless something occurs that we all know about in Washington that precludes a lot of things. In that case, I'll tell you we've got some opportunities for continued growth because of the following. In the last couple of years, U.S. Bank continues to be invited into more syndicated deals and in a higher position, by far, than we used to be in, in some cases, at the lead position. And that's a big turnaround from what we might used to have expected a few years ago. And likewise, as you know, one of the biggest sources of lending right now in line of benefits are refinancing and customers restriking their balance sheet. And so when they come up to that renewal point and we get invited into deals we weren't before or get invited to upsize into deals we've been in, that's a big driver for us. And that continues to happen at higher levels and expected to continue to happen even more so in the next couple of quarters. I might add that we're a flight to quality bank, so even when there's any kind of question in the economy about what might be otherwise negative, we tend to get the benefits that accrue to that on the lending side, as well as on the deposit gathering side, where you might expect people to come for that safety. The other thing, Ken, is that besides that, we're adding a lot of new customers. We've been talking about it for years. We really are, honest to God, adding new customers. And I've always struggled to explain that market share, after a while, it does, I think, continue to be real when it's consistently repeatable, and it's happening for us. And I think the number of new customers are at more substantial levels than they might used to have been because we get invited in as the lead bank or at a substantial position. So I think everything we have is repeatable and sustainable. That's why I'm quite confident. The market itself is not growing naturally, so I think it has to be market share. And finally, we're doing it on price. If we need to be competitive, our cost of funding is advantaged over every single other bank we compete with. We're not afraid to use a little bit of that, but I'll also tell you we will not go into structure. We will not take risk on underwriting, and we're not going to be in harm's way in some of those areas that I think the OCC, particularly, is going to be watching closely.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And my second question, Andy, you had been talking about getting to this point of margin stability, and we certainly saw that pickup in the investment securities yield. So I'm just wondering how you see the different parts in securities and then loans which are still trending down on a yields basis. How much -- how are you reinvesting, I guess, on the securities book? And then also, how close are we to the bottom of the loan yield side?
Andrew Cecere: Yes. So Ken, we're investing about half and half floaters and fixed on the security side. We're keeping the duration short, understanding that rates will go up. And we continue to maintain an asset sensitivity on our balance sheet. With regard to the loan side, I think we are seeing loan spread stabilize. There are certain pockets, particularly in the middle market and maybe on the smaller end, that we have some aggressive players that caused a little bit of a compression on spread. But as Richard mentioned, we have a funding advantage, so we could always compete on price. My expectation for the fourth quarter margin is relative stability again. However, I do want to note one item. With the government issues that we're facing, we are seeing an influx of deposits and quite a strong influx. And that -- while it doesn't impact net interest income, it does cause our net interest margin to go down a bit. So that could impact it by 1 basis point or 2. But absent that, I would see relative stability.
Richard K. Davis: [indiscernible] a flight to quality bank.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Dan Werner of Morningstar.
Dan Werner - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: This is kind of more of a forward-looking thing. On the corporate payments business and the government shutdown, could you comment on how that's impacted fourth quarter so far? And if that -- if those revenues are significantly lower, will they be made up once the government shutdown ends?
Richard K. Davis: Yes, I'll just go on quickly. As we try to characterize this particular earnings call, I think people might have thought we have a bigger position as the government affects our corporate payments. And I think you heard us walk through -- Andy walked through the percentage of the percentage of the percentage. By the way, that's only 20% of the total company's revenue. So it's really about a 1-ish kind of a percent impact to our total revenue, but it is an impact. And I'll tell you, it started out looking like sequester and a pull out of a war situation, and that's been the last, probably, 6 to 8 quarters. Right now, it looks like the continuation of the sequester and what continues to be now a government shutdown. Once and if those things get behind us, it will start to pick back up but not to the original levels until which time we get into a stronger purchasing pattern by some of the government agencies and well beyond whatever the sequester will end up to be. So I think this quarter will continue to be stressed for all the reasons we've been talking about, limited in Washington, and a little bit worse than they've been in the last few quarters. But once and when that gets past, then we expect this thing to start to pull back up, and we'll see a sustainable recovery as the government agencies start to spend, in particular, the Department of Defense gets it budget back and knows what its rules are going to be in the case going forward. Andy, do you want to...
Andrew Cecere: I think that's right, Richard.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Judy Murphy.
Judith T. Murphy: Thank you for listening to our call. Richard, do you have any...
Richard K. Davis: I just want to tell you guys that we are quite pleased with the follow-up we had from the Investor Day a couple of weeks ago. We do our very best to telegraph to you all exactly what is going on, and I think the results you read this morning were exactly what we suggested. We have a really good play at this company. We see the balance sheet continuing to grow. We have good margin protection. We've got good compliance and operating integrity. And as you worry about surprises, I think in this case, sustainable, predictable, repeatable is working pretty well. And we're going to continue to deliver on those consistent methods that we have in the past. We're always available for questions, but we appreciate the following of our company.
Judith T. Murphy: Yes, thanks, Richard. And thanks, everyone, for listening to the call. And of course, as usual, if you have questions, please feel free to call Sean or I in Investor Relations. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-17 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Judith T. Murphy - Senior Vice President, Director of Investor Relations and Analyst Richard K. Davis - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee, Member of Risk Management Committee, Chairman of U.S. Bank, Chief Executive Officer of U.S. Bank and President of U.S. Bank Andrew Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer P. W. Parker - Chief Credit Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Jessica Ribner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Jack Micenko - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Kevin Barker - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division Dan Werner - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorp's Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Following the review of the results by Richard Davis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Cecere, U.S. Bancorp's Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately noon Eastern Daylight Time through Wednesday, July 24 at 12:00 midnight Eastern Daylight Time. I will now turn the conference call over to Judy Murphy, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Judith T. Murphy: Thank you, Lorie, and good morning to everyone who has joined our call. Richard Davis, Andy Cecere and Bill Parker are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorp's second quarter 2013 results and to answer your questions. Richard and Andy will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of the slide presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules, are available on our website at usbank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of today's presentation, in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard K. Davis: Thank you, Judy, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to review U.S. Bank's second quarter results. I'll begin with a view of our quarterly highlights on Page 3 of the presentation. U.S. Bancorp reported record net income of $1.5 billion for the second quarter of 2013 or $0.76 per diluted common share. Total average loans grew year-over-year by 5.2% and 1.2% or 5% annualized on a linked quarter basis. We experienced strong loan growth in total average -- strong growth in total average deposits of 7% over the prior year and 1% or 4% annualized linked quarter. Credit quality remained strong. Total net charge-offs decreased by 9.5% from the prior quarter, while nonperforming assets declined linked quarter by 5.4%. We generated significant capital this quarter. Our estimated Tier 1 common ratio under Basel III rules issued in early July was 8.6% at June 30, while our Basel I Tier 1 common equity ratio was 9.2% and our Tier 1 capital ratio was 11.1%. We purchased 18 million shares of common stock during the second quarter. These buybacks, along with our dividend, which was increased by 18% in June, resulted in a 73% return of earnings to our shareholders in the second quarter. On Slide 4, you can see that our performance metrics continue to be among the best in the industry. Return on average assets in the second quarter was 1.7%. The return on average common equity was 16.1%. Our net interest margin and efficiency ratio are shown on the graph on the right-hand slide -- side of Slide 4. This quarter's net interest margin of 3.43% was, as expected, 5 basis points lower than the prior quarter's rate of 3.48%. And Andy will discuss the margin in more detail in just a few minutes. Our efficiency ratio for the second quarter was 51.7%. We anticipate that this ratio will remain in the low-50s going forward as we continue to manage expenses in relation to revenue trends, while continue to invest in and grow our businesses. Turning to Slide 5. The company reported total net revenue in the second quarter of $4.9 billion, a 2.4% decrease from prior year, but a 1.5% increase over the first quarter. The decline in revenue year-over-year was largely driven by lower Mortgage Banking revenue and net interest income. While the favorable linked quarter variance reflected strong seasonal fee revenue trends led by payments, partially offset by a decrease in net interest income. Average loan and deposit growth is summarized on Slide 6. Average total loans outstanding increased by over $11 billion, or 5.2% year-over-year, and 1.2% linked quarter, accelerating from the 1% linked quarter we experienced in the first quarter. Overall, and excluding covered loans, which is a run-off portfolio, average total loans grew by 7.2% year-over-year and 1.6% linked quarter. Once again, the increase in average loans outstanding was led by strong growth in average commercial loans, which grew by 11.2% year-over-year and 2.2% over the prior quarter. Total average Commercial Real Estate also increased over the prior quarters, with average construction loans growing by 9.9% year-over-year and 4.9% linked quarter. Residential real estate loans also continued to show a strong growth, 19.7% over the same quarter of last year and 3.9% over the prior quarter. Within the retail loan categories, average credit card loan outstandings fell slightly as consumers paid down their balances. And average home equity lines and loans continue to decline, as paydowns more than offset new loan originations. Auto loans and leases, however, posted a very good growth year-over-year and linked quarter. We continue to originate and renew new loans and lines for our customers. New originations, excluding mortgage, plus new and renewed commitments, totaled approximately $48 billion in the second quarter, compared with $46 billion in the second quarter of last year and $36 billion last quarter. Total average revolving corporate and commercial commitments increased year-over-year by 10.2% and 2.2% on a linked quarter basis, while utilization remained flat at approximately 25%, close to where it's been for the past 6 quarters. Given early industry indicators, our linked quarter average loan growth of 1.2% signifies that we are continuing to gain market share. Additionally, our current expectation is that linked quarter average loan growth will accelerate again in the third quarter to the higher end of our previously stated range of 1% to 1.5%. Total average deposits increased by $16.1 billion, or 7%, over the same quarter of last year, and by $2.4 billion on a linked quarter basis, with growth in low-cost money market and savings deposits particularly strong on both a year-over-year and linked-quarter basis. Turning to Slide 7 and credit quality. Total net charge-offs in the second quarter decreased by $41 million or 9.5% from the first quarter of 2013. While nonperforming assets, excluding covered assets, decreased by $108 million or 5.3%. The ratio of net charge-offs to average loans outstanding in the second quarter declined to 0.70% from 0.79% in the first quarter. During the second quarter, we released $30 million of reserves, equal to the first quarter, and $20 million less than the second quarter of 2012. Given the mix and quality of our portfolio, we expect net charge-offs and nonperforming assets to remain relatively stable in the third quarter. Andy will now give you a few more details about our second quarter results.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks, Richard. Slide 8 gives you a view of our second quarter 2013 results versus comparable time periods. Our diluted EPS of $0.76 was 7% higher than the second quarter 2012 and 4.1% higher than the prior quarter. The key drivers of the company's second quarter earnings are summarized on Slide 9. The $69 million or 4.9% increase in net income year-over-year was the result of a decrease in expense and lower provision for credit losses, partially offset by a decline in net revenue. Net interest income declined year-over-year by $41 million or 1.5%, the result of a 2.7% increase in average earning assets, offset by a 15 basis point decline in net interest margin. The $8.2 billion growth in average earning assets year-over-year included increases in average total loans and the securities portfolio. Offsetting a portion of the growth in those categories was a $3.1 billion reduction in average other earning assets, primarily due to the deconsolidation of a number of community development entities, and a $1.1 billion reduction in average loans held for sale, reflecting lower mortgage origination activity this quarter versus the same quarter of last year. The net interest margin of 3.43% was 15 basis points lower than the second quarter of 2012, primarily due to lower-yielding investment securities and lower loan rates, partially offset by lower rates on deposits and wholesale funding, including long-term debt. Noninterest income declined by 3.4% year-over-year, primarily due to Mortgage Banking revenue, reflecting lower origination and sales revenue, partially offset by higher servicing revenue and a favorable change in the addition to the mortgage rep and warranty repurchase reserve. Also contributing to the decline in noninterest income year-over-year were reductions in corporate payments, the result of lower government and transportation-related transactions, and other income, which reflected fewer equity investment gains in the prior year and lower retail products revenue, primarily due to end-of-term lease valuations. Offsetting these declines were year-over-year increases in trust and investment management fees, retail payments, merchant processing revenue, deposit service charges and investment product fees. Noninterest expense was lower year-over-year by $44 million or 1.7%. The majority of this favorable variance is attributable to a favorable variance for professional services expense, primarily due to the reduction in third-party foreclosure settlement-related costs, as well as an accrual for a Visa-related settlement charge taken in the second quarter of last year, and lower intangible expense. These favorable variances were partially offset by higher compensation and benefits expense and increases in marketing and technology expense. Net income was higher on a linked quarter basis by $56 million or 3.9%, as a result of a 1.5% increase in revenue and lower provision for credit losses, partially offset by a 3.5% increase in expense. On a linked quarter basis, net interest income was lower, as average earning assets declined by $2.1 billion and net interest margin declined by 5 basis points. The decrease in average earning assets was a result of the reduction in other earning assets and loans held for sale, while the expected 5 basis point decline in net interest margin was primarily due to lower loans on rates and securities. Given the current interest rate environment, we expect net interest margin to be relatively stable in the third quarter, which, combined with our expectation for a linked quarter loan growth, should lead to a modest increase in net interest income in the third quarter. On a linked quarter basis, noninterest income was higher by $111 million or 5.1%. This favorable variance reflected seasonally higher payments and growth in all fee categories with the exception of Mortgage Banking revenue. In June, we had expected Mortgage Banking revenue to be higher in the second quarter than the first quarter, primarily due to very strong application volumes earlier in the quarter. However, since the time we made that statement to the end of the quarter, rates moved up by about 60 basis points and refinance activity slowed significantly. As a result, Mortgage Banking revenue actually came in slightly lower this quarter than last. The $5 million decline in revenue reflected an increase in origination and sales revenue, including a favorable change in the reps and warranty reserve, offset by a lower gain on hedging activity than the prior quarter. Although applications were higher in the second quarter than the first quarter, the increase in volume was offset by a reduction in gain on sale margin. We calculate gain on sale margin based on applications expected to close. On a linked quarter basis, noninterest expense was higher by $87 million or 3.5%, mainly due to other expense, which include higher insurance and regulatory expense relative to the first quarter. In addition, marketing and business development expense and professional service expenses were higher in the current quarter versus the prior quarter due to the timing of business line projects and initiatives. Turning to Slide 10. Our capital position remains strong and continues to grow. Based on our assessment of the final rules for the Basel III standardized approach released earlier this month, we estimate that our Basel III Tier 1 common equity ratio at June 30 was 8.6%, compared with 8.3% calculated under the previously proposed rules. At 8.6%, we are well above the 7% Basel III minimum requirement and above our targeted ratio of 8%. Turning to Slide 11. In June, the Board of Directors declared an 18% increase in our common stock dividend. As a result, in the second quarter, we returned 73% of our earnings to shareholders. Dividends accounted for 30% of the return to shareholders and the 18 million shares of stock we repurchased in the second quarter accounted for the remaining 43%. Of note, our tangible book value per share rose to $13.48 in the second quarter, which represented an 11% increase over the same quarter last year and a 1.6% increase over the prior quarter. Finally, Slide 12 provides updated detail on the company's mortgage, repurchase-related expense and the reserve for expected losses on repurchases and make-whole payments. Rep and warranty's repurchase reserve was reduced this quarter by $43 million and the outstanding repurchase and make-whole request balance at June 30 was $64 million, compared with $66 million at March 31. I'll now turn the call back to Richard.
Richard K. Davis: Thanks, Andy. Last Friday, Andy and I had the honor of commemorating the 150th anniversary of the signing of our national bank charter, by ringing the closing bell at the New York Stock Exchange. We were joined on the stage by 10 U.S. Bank employees who proudly represented and celebrated the rich heritage that they and their coworkers, along with many who came before them, have helped to create and build over the past 150 years. Importantly, as we took that moment to observe and reflect on our past, we also celebrate the present and the strong foundation upon which we are building our company's future. U.S. Bancorp posted record earnings for the second quarter, while once again achieving industry-leading profitability metrics. We continue to build our future as we have in the past by investing in our well-diversified mix of businesses, by maintaining prudent risk management, by focusing on operating integrity and compliance, by sustaining strong capital and liquidity and by providing superior returns for our shareholders. As always, we remain focused on producing consistent, predictable and repeatable results for the benefit of our customers, our employees, our communities and our shareholders. That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Bill and I would now be happy to answer questions from our audience.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Paul Miller of FBR.
Jessica Ribner - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: This is Jessica Ribner for Paul. Just a question, I guess, on your Mortgage Banking expectations going forward. Are you looking for higher purchase volumes? Or do you see the same level of refis? I mean, we're part of the way through the third quarter, what's your outlook?
Andrew Cecere: So Jessica, let me tell you, first, from the perspective of what occurred in the second quarter. From a production standpoint, repurchase activity went from about 71% of the book in the first quarter to about 59% in the second quarter. And applications were also down about 10 points in terms of refinancing. I would expect that trend to continue. We do expect, again it's early in the quarter, but given the current rates there, I expect mortgage revenue will be down a bit, given the rates are today and we'll continue to update throughout the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jack Micenko of SIG.
Jack Micenko - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Looking at the sort of the slowdown in deposit -- average deposits growth, I'm wondering on your perspective, and maybe this is a broader question, around the whole loan demand question. But do you think that the banks generally are exhausting really what's out there from a deposit take? Or are we starting to maybe see -- maybe a little bit of cash being deployed on the deposit side into investment and business activities that could maybe possibly lead to an expansion of loan growth in the back half of the year? Just curious of your observations there.
Richard K. Davis: Jack, it's Richard. I think it's what you are predicting and it's what we've been saying for a long time, the first good movement we'll see on bank balance sheets is customers using their own deposits. And I'm happy to report, our deposits, while they were up, the number of customers with deposits was up as well. But the customers who already have deposits that are using some of those to, we think, employ them in some form of growth. After that, we would hope to see our lines of credit, especially in the wholesale side move from a utilization of 25% to anything -- 26% would be great. We used to be at like in the mid to high-30% utilization level. So there's a significant amount of pent-up opportunity and customers are paying for those lines to have them available and to keep them current. And then finally, there may be new lines and loans that will occur, particularly on the large end, when some transactions start to belie underlying growth. I will say, we do read it like you do. I think it's a positive that it's not growing anymore than that, as long as the number of customers are growing. And to follow our prior comments, I do think we're starting to see some of these green shoots that we mentioned 90 days ago, as being real and sustainable, and more green shoots. It's not a rush to a huge recovery, but it's absolutely and positively no longer a concern of going backwards. We're just seeing customers being thoughtful, careful. But one at a time, they're starting to get more comfortable about their future and they're starting to invest, starting with their deposits, sometimes getting lines of credit with the intent to use, and in many cases, starting to make decisions that have long-term outcomes for the long view of the economy.
Jack Micenko - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Great. And then just the ratio of NCOs on the card book look like it walked up a little bit. I know in the Appendix you talked about lower recoveries, obviously, dollar amount down and the trend is good. Can you talk about what that means on the recovery side and what you meant by lower recoveries and how you're thinking about that going forward?
P. W. Parker: Yes, this is Bill. Part of that is really a timing thing as we brought more of the collection activities in-house on the recovery side. Not all of the recovery collection activities, but some of them. But as we do that, that delays the recognition of the recovery. But I don't expect it to have a material long-term impact, so it's really more of a timing issue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I just wanted -- on the fee side, I just wanted to ask you about just the payments businesses and specifically, in the corporates payments business is still having a bit of a tough revenue trajectory. Just wondering if you could specifically talk about that one, but also talk about just your outlook for the 3 payments businesses as we look ahead?
Richard K. Davis: The whole payments business is, 59% is our issuing business. And the 29% falls in -- 39% falls in the Elavon or merchant acquiring, and 10% falls in the corporate payment side in terms of revenue. And to start with your question, the corporate payments is about 1/3 of that is government and that continues to be down 20% year-over-year, particularly based on government spending, probably some of the trickle effect of the sequester and certainly just the budget increase or decreases that have been evident on the federal side. But the rest of it continues to actually start showing some support again. The PCAR growth is up 13% over last year. We're starting to see a flattening and a stabilization of T&E for the first time, year-to-date. So on the corporate side, while it's 10% of the total, the government piece, which is 1/3 of that, is still under some form of stress, but the rest is starting to show some positive trajectories. As it relates to the Elavon, which is our merchant acquiring, which also has a nice diversification of geographies, it's a global business, we're continuing to see growth in same-store sales that would reflect what you've seen in the statistics that both the federal government and some of the European government has said. So there's a nice second quarter lift there. We'll have pretty stable margins in terms of how we get paid. And we're actually quite encouraged by what we see on the Elavon side, both domestically and globally. And then finally, on the bigger part of it, the 59%, which is led by our issuing side, we're also seeing nice support there. As you know, the average net receivables or the outstandings were slightly down year-over-year, and that's particularly because people are just starting to have a higher payment activity and the payment rates were probably 1.5% higher than they were last quarters or last year, so people are starting to pay them off. But they're using the card. And so credit's been -- was up almost 3% year-over-year, following another 3% in quarter 1's growth. So we're seeing active accounts growing nicely. They're using their card more often. They have -- they're right now, they're paying them back more prudently. And at the end of the day, that will slow and they'll start to let that outstanding roll over and that will be another benefit. The credit card sales for us is 9% year-over-year absent the portfolio that we sold. And I couldn't be more optimistic about the payments business, as you see a nice trend in quarter 2, we should continue to see that growth.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then on the second question, just an expense question, an operating leverage question. On a -- at least, on an as-reported basis, we're looking at a little bit of a year-over-year decline in revenues, but a little bit of a year-over-year step up in cost, and you did call out the regulatory costs this quarter. So I just wanted to try to understand the balance between revenues, expenses and how do help us understand that regulatory cost, if it's now run rated or was that kind of a onetime catch-up?
Richard K. Davis: Good question. And I own that, good question because I tell you, we shoot for positive operating leverage every year. I think we are still very much in the game to be able to create positive operating leverage, even in the next couple of quarters, but it will be more challenging. And here's my real clear direction for you. As much as mortgages will probably be down, mortgage revenue, in the next couple of quarters, just based on the elements, and you know we're a heavy purchase shop, so our decrease might not be as significant as some of you reported. But I'm not going to take an expense reduction into important investments in the next quarter or two just to accommodate lower mortgage revenue until which time the middle of the curve starts to bend up. And if it does and the market starts to get stronger, then I think we'll be fine. So I'm not going to do any near-term adjustments just to appeal to a finally [ph] negative operating leverage if that's what it has to be, but we are going to continue to watch our expenses. The cost of compliance, as you recall, about a year ago, but in particular, the consent order, was almost $50 million a quarter, and that is trimmed down now to a substantially less, call it, $5 million to $10 million a quarter, as we wind down some of those mortgage-related activities. But I will tell you that we've continued to add compliance personnel and compliance protocols across the company to accommodate this higher requirement that we achieve near perfection on all of our operating activities. And so not all of that 50 is going to be given back. Most of it, however, though, Ken, is burned into the current run rate and you'll see it stabilize. I'm just a little concerned that mortgage might drop off more than I can accommodate in expense reduction dollar-per-dollar and we're not going to overachieve on that because I don't want to suffocate the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Scinicariello of UBS.
Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a couple of quick ones for you. Just curious to hear your take given the new -- the final capital rules that we got out there, and really my question to you is a little bit more big picture. I mean, do you feel that you guys kind of have a real competitive advantage versus some of your larger kind of brethren, given what we're seeing out of those rules?
Andrew Cecere: Well, the new rule effectively increased our cap ratio about 30%. Our binding constraints Tier 1 common under the standard -- 30 basis points, Tier 1 common under the Basel III standard. So last quarter, we were at 8.2%, using the same calculation, we would have been at 8.3% this quarter and the new calculation allowed us to get to 8.6%. 8.6% is about where -- above where we think we need to be. Our internal guideline is about 8%. And that is based on an assumed SIFI buffer of 50 basis points and an additional internal buffer of 50 basis points. So I think from a capital standpoint, we're in very good shape. We're not in a situation where we're trying to build capital to a level nor are we in a situation that we're overcapitalized and have no use for the capital. So when we're in a situation like we are today, where we're returning about 70% and reinvesting 30%, it allows us to reinvest at a level to accommodate the loan growth and earning asset growth that you're seeing. So we're in a really good spot. It allows us to make the investments we need to make, at the same time, allow for the growth that we are seeing right now.
Richard K. Davis: Yes, and just to put an exclamation point, Steve, we really like our position. We like our size, we like our simplicity, we like our diversification. As it relates to capital leverage and liquidity, we think we're substantially where we need to be before any fine-tuning that needs to occur. And I think all the rules that come out continue to remind us that being not a G-SIB is a positive outcome, but being big enough to matter. And being able to manage a very significant portfolio of a simple balance sheet allows us to be in a pretty good shape and we like the future we have.
Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Definitely, it looks you're in a real sweet spot going forward. And then the second question I had for you was just kind of in the same vein of kind of those investments for the future and you kind of touched on a little bit, talking about some of the expense initiatives going forward. Just kind of curious if there was any, maybe that you wanted to kind of flag for us just so we're aware, some of the things that you've got going on, some of the things you're investing in and maybe some of the timing of those things, how they might affect the expense line going forward?
Richard K. Davis: Yes, good question, Steve. A couple of things. One is we're going to continue to build our Wealth Management businesses. As you know, we started this trip 3 years ago. It was the one piece of the puzzle I didn't think U.S. Bank had sufficiently demonstrated leadership, and not only in our Wealth Management, but in our ultra-high net worth, under a brand called Ascent. We'll continue to open those offices. We're continuing to provide technology to our teams to create a unique experience and you'll see our continued expense initiatives in Wealth Management. Secondarily, you all know that we've just recently bought a company called FSV earlier this year in Florida, which is a prepaid card provider and processor. We continue to extend our position there. We now have no third-party partners in any part of prepaid because we have cradle-to-grave capability and a significant leadership position. I want to continue to add to that investment and build a stronger and a unique position of strength for prepaid as it adds to our card provision. And then finally, Corporate Trust, which you know we recently took across the pond and continue to see opportunities even outside of America to grow our Corporate Trust business. We've recently become more of a provider on hedge fund servicing and other areas by some recent acquisitions. There will be more where that came from. It could be both in the form of M&A or in the form of organic growth, but I'd say those 3 areas which are the 3 areas that continue to make us unique: payments, Corporate Trust and Special Wealth Management growth. I think those are areas you'd want us to invest in. They've got great trajectory now and I want continue that momentum so that when the world is better and ready to roll, we'll already be there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Penala of Bank of America.
Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just had a few follow-up questions and the first is on the dollar cost trajectory for the remaining of the year. Should we take out the $66 million in quarter-over-quarter increase in regulatory expense when we're thinking about the run rate for the third quarter? Or will some of that stay?
Andrew Cecere: What I would say, Erika, is the first quarter is seasonally low and then we had a little bit of a positive insurance recoveries and other expense. And I think the second quarter is more reflective of our run rate of expense with normal increases. So I would use second quarter as more of the basis for expense.
Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And the second follow-up question is you mentioned that mortgage revenues would be down just a bit. But we heard another large bank mention that they think if rates stay -- loan rates stay here, that the mortgage market is going to be down 30% to 40%. Is the message from U.S. Bank that you will outperform the market? And if that 30% to 40% decline is correct, where are you in terms of your outperformance relative to that number, just in proportion?
Andrew Cecere: Right. So first, Erika, as you know, mortgage application, or gain-on-sale revenue is one component of mortgage revenue. There are other puts and takes, including servicing revenue, the net hedge and so forth. So my expectation is not have our mortgage revenue decline to the level you just described. It's going to be less than that, but I do think it will go down. Application volume is a component of that, but there are a lot of gives and takes. And again, we'll update as we see more throughout the quarter, but I do expect mortgage revenue to be down a little bit, principally due to the gain on sale, principally due to applications, but there are some offsets.
Richard K. Davis: And Erika, it's Richard. It will be down unless rates were to turn. This thing turns so fast. We'd be crazy to try to predict the next 10 weeks when we can't see it that far. But we also have a -- always had a focus on purchase. So it's coming our way as a real base to what we're being good at and what we're focusing our market reputation on. And as you'll also remember, we never were as big on a HARP kind of a product, which is probably more likely to be one of the victims of increasing rates. And we didn't rely on that a lot because we didn't have a portfolio that allowed us to have much to refi. So in some cases, we probably should do better than average, but it will definitely be down and we're projecting the second half of the year to be less than the first half.
Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And just one more follow-up, Richard, it was loud and clear as you answered Ken's question on taking out expenses near term to accommodate some of the swings in mortgage revenue. I guess, no matter what, we should just look to your consolidated guidance of 50% on the efficiency side as we think about the puts and takes of --
Richard K. Davis: Yes, that's a really good way to think of it because we never set that target, it's always a result. But I can tell you that low-50s and where we have been forever. And especially in the last few years, by quarter, that should not change materially. That we will protect that. And I can tell you, I know we can because mortgage isn't the only thing that's growing around here and it will just be one of the components we'll keep an eye on. So I'm glad you heard me, because I don't want to be dollar-for-dollar and be shortsighted. We've been working for 5 years to grow a substantial amount of momentum and become a revenue company, not an expense company, and I'd hate to slow that down this last stage and we're going to be very protective of it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I just wanted to drill into a couple of business lines. One is the merchant acquiring business that you have, and I know that you've invested globally there. We had some news the other night from the FT that suggested that the European Commission is proposing some changes on interchange in Europe, which I know many people have been thinking about. One of the elements they are supposed to be considering supposedly is separating out payments issuers from processors. And I'm wondering what that does to your merchant acquiring business in Europe, is it something that would be an opportunity for you?
Richard K. Davis: Yes. It's definitely not a concern based on what we've read, like you have. We're entirely an acquirer, not an issuer, and a processor. So the issuers are where that is, the gun sights are pointed in that topic. And as you said, there is an opportunity for us, particularly given our close-loop capability in our own proprietary product, that we believe this could be a net positive for us as a leading acquirer and processor. So we don't see it as a negative. We're trying to understand whether it's a positive, but we're not worried about it.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then separately in auto, could you give us a sense as to what exactly happened in auto? And what kind of reinvestment in the business you're doing now? And then a little bit on opportunity for share gain from here and what would drive that?
P. W. Parker: Betsy, this is Bill. Yes, we had a strong auto quarter, both loans and leases. And we anticipate that to be a strong third quarter, too. We obviously can monitor the new car sales. So we get a good sense of what our market share is, and in the second quarter, we definitely grew market share. It's a competitive space, but we've made the right investments to be successful there. We've been in the business a long time and we're very good at it.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Right. And there's been some discussion around how the CFPB has come into the mix here, requiring the dealer rebates be done in a potentially a different way. And I know you've updated The Street on how you're thinking about it, but has your thoughts changed at all since your last update?
P. W. Parker: No. When that came out, we took action immediately, and narrowed the amount of dealer reserve discretion. We had no negative consequences to that. I think our dealers all understood it. We worked with them and we've seen increase in volume since then.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. So no competitive reaction against what you did?
P. W. Parker: A couple of other banks followed us, yes.
Richard K. Davis: A couple of banks followed us, but it didn't hurt our volume and we're actually feeling that we've green fenced [ph] a little bit of the risk. The real issue here, Betsy, as you know, is going to be, if the banks as an entity can compete effectively with the captives who are not part of the CFPB's oversight, and that's a long time to be determined. And as it relates to our position against both of those entities, we're growing market share and we like the business, so we're going to continue to find ways to expand, not only in geographies, but also in product types that are start to emerge as rates start to go up.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Barker of Compass Point.
Kevin Barker - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: I just would like to discuss some of the increase in Commercial Real Estate loans this quarter compared to what's happened over the last year. You definitely saw a pickup from the first quarter and we're starting to see just broad growth across from the Fed data. Is there any particular sectors where you're seeing Commercial Real Estate pick up or any particular regions where you're seeing that?
P. W. Parker: Yes, I can speak to that. This is Bill. We've seen -- for several quarters now, we've seen multifamily being kind of the lead property class for demand. And for us, we've seen good new construction activity in Seattle, both Bay Area and Southern California, and then Houston. Those have been the primary areas for us. In other areas, we have seen some hotel/motel lodging demand that's picked up a little bit. That's strong pretty much in all the coastal cities. So those are the primary areas that we've seen Commercial Real Estate growth.
Kevin Barker - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then concerning residential real estate, given that the 30-year has moved up so much and you're seeing a decline in application volume for conforming 30-year fixed mortgages, are you seeing any application shift towards 5/1 ARMs or 15-year fixed, given the move-in [ph] rates? Or is that -- you're also seeing a similar decline as you are for 30-year fixed?
Andrew Cecere: This is Andy. There's a bit of a shift to more of a shorter duration, as you described, and a little bit perhaps more on the variable rate. I will also tell you that, which we're putting on balance sheet, our Smart Refinance product has always been shorter in terms of the term there, closer to the 15-year. So the 30-year is not impacting that as much, and the decline is coming on the mortgage production in the 30-year, but there is some shift to shorter terms.
Richard K. Davis: I'd say here, as it turns out, I was surprised, but I thought there might be a bit of a tsunami effect or a cash-for-clunkers effect where we get a pent-up demand and anybody who still hadn't refi would come into the game now. And it doesn't seemed to have happened. I mean, it seems that people are still moving at kind of a snail's pace. So if they still see a deal that's better than the one they have, they'll come in. But we're not seeing that kind of onetime surprise that I thought we might have. That relates to mortgage. But until short-term interest rates start to move, we won't expect to see a great deal of effect on the commercial and wholesale side, although I do still predict there will be a bit of a rush to the gates when that starts to become a real thing. And we haven't seen that triggered yet and I think that will be an upper for wholesale lending at that moment in time, which could be a few quarters out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Werner of Morningstar.
Dan Werner - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Could you give us an update on the bank M&A environment in terms of what you're seeing. Are you still seeing the big gaps between sellers and buyers at this point, given that we've seen a lot of M&A activity amongst the smaller banks?
Richard K. Davis: Dan, we haven't seen any activity. I mean, I could pick it up, I wouldn't. But, I mean, I can make it sound interesting, but we haven't. We've had no approaches of any significance. We're not approaching anyone. Like you, I read about the small banks continuing to cobble together to find some critical mass, which makes total sense to me. Because the cost of compliance and just regulatory costs are easier by a larger base. But really, none. I mean, it couldn't be more dormant. And our interest couldn't be lower either. So I think as to an opportunity, we're not playing that indeed right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just a follow-up on that. How about the payments business and the processing business, are you seeing more opportunities there?
Richard K. Davis: Yes, that actually, that feels a little more heated. Because, first of all, we're known to be an acquirer -- an active acquirer. We're known to -- we'll talk to anybody. I've said this before, but a few folks that created the great idea in a garage that's got payments unique that's attached to it, we'll talk to them. And some of the deals we look at are typically privately-held businesses. They're smaller than you would probably ever read about, but these are groups of people that either don't want to go out and raise the second round, the third round of capital and they want to be part of something bigger. In many cases, we can bring them in to be part of the company as well or sometimes they just sell and move on. But I would say, we have a very active list of M&A opportunities. Fewer as a percentage would come to the end, but it's not for a lack of having looked and seeing interest. And people know us, so they're coming at us.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, good. And then Andy, maybe a question for you. On your margin guidance, you talked about flattish for Q3. Is that something that's Q3-specific? Or is this more of a longer-term trend where maybe we're seeing we're near the end of the margin pressure for the company?
Andrew Cecere: Yes, Jon. So we talked about the fact that I expected the margin pressure to be worse in the first quarter, 5% in the second quarter and start to dissipate as we got in the second half of the year. So it's not a unique third quarter event. It's just a function of our reinvestment rates coming closer to our rates currently on the books, and currently rolling off. So we talked about that happening. It is happening, and we do expect the relative stability.
Richard K. Davis: Let me add one last -- we didn't get a question on it, so I'm going to create my own. Richard, what do you think about the growth of loan volume? We went from 1% linked quarter in quarter 1 to actually 1.25% in quarter 2. We have enough of a view to see that, that will go up in quarter 3. I don't know exactly how far because things -- we still have 10 weeks to go. But we are seeing -- here's how I would characterize it. Our flight-to-quality, which we've talked about for many quarters, many couple of years now, has become the real deal and it's certainly brought us a lot of good market share in the years going into this downturn. It's now becoming into a kind of phase 2 where we, we're invited into a lot of transactions and a lot of customers, at the depths of the recession, when they wanted a strong -- you know our highest ratings held [ph]. And now, they're rolling these over and we're getting invited back in at higher positions. We're invited in, in some cases, to lead transactions. And of course, the other business that comes with it is amazing. So for us to try to articulate why in a basically flat loan growth market we are growing now, and why we still think that can continue and in fact grow. I do think the secret sauce in U.S. Bank's business line is that we've got this flight-to-quality that's now turning into a -- we auditioned, we performed well, and now we're getting the lead part. And that's a really a good thing to see at this point and stage. And then as these commitments, we never talk enough about our commitments have continued to grow faster than our loans outstanding. And as you all, as analysts, know, the minute and if those actually get used, whoever has the line of credit has established themselves as the first among few to be the one to draw on, that's going to be the next round of loan growth, notwithstanding new customers. So we love our positioning there, we're actually fairly opportunistic and we're going to tell you that in an optimistic way to give you a sense that we see sustainability there.
Judith T. Murphy: I think that's it, Lorie. Are there any more questions?
Operator: Thank you. That concludes the Q&A portion of today's call. I will now turn the floor over to Judy Murphy for any additional or closing remarks.
Judith T. Murphy: Great. I want to thank everyone for listening to our call. As always, if you have questions, please feel free to give Sean O'Connor or myself a call later today. Thank you.
Richard K. Davis: Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you for participating in U.S. Bancorp's Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-16 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Judith T. Murphy - Senior Vice President, Director of Investor Relations and Analyst Richard K. Davis - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Risk Management Committee Andrew Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer P. W. Parker - Chief Credit Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Brian Foran - Autonomous Research LLP Keith Murray - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Christoph M. Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Dan Werner - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Kevin Barker - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division Christopher M. Mutascio - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorp's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Richard Davis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Cecere, U.S. Bancorp's Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately noon, Eastern Daylight Time through Tuesday, April 23 at 12 midnight Eastern Daylight Time. I will now turn the conference call over to Judy Murphy, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Judith T. Murphy: Thank you, Brooke, and good morning to everyone who has joined our call. Richard Davis, Andy Cecere and Bill Parker are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorp's first quarter 2013 results and to answer your questions. Richard and Andy will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of the slide presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules, are available on our website at usbank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of today's presentation, in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard K. Davis: Thank you, Judy, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today to review U.S. Bank's first quarter results. I'd like to begin with a few quarterly highlights on Page 3 of the presentation. U.S. Bank reported net income of $1.4 billion for the first quarter of 2013 or $0.73 per diluted common share. Although a total net revenue of $4.9 billion was slightly lower than the same quarter of last year and the previous quarter due to a reduction in total expense, we achieved positive operating leverage year-over-year and linked quarter. Total average loans grew year-over-year by 5.8% and as expected, 1% or 4% annualized linked quarter. We experienced strong growth in total average deposits of 7.3% over the prior year and 0.5% over the fourth quarter of 2012. Credit quality remained strong. Total net charge-offs decreased by $35 million or 7.5% from the prior quarter, while nonperforming assets declined at 9.9% linked quarter or 2.8% excluding covered assets. We generated significant capital this quarter. Our estimated Tier 1 common ratio under the most recent Basel III rules was 8.2% at March 31, with a Basel I Tier 1 common equity ratio of 9.1% and a Tier 1 capital ratio of 11%. We repurchased 17 million shares of common stock during the first quarter, which, along with our dividend, resulted in a 69% return of earnings to our shareholders in the first quarter. Slide 4 provides you with the trends in our industry-leading performance metrics. Return on average assets in the first quarter was 1.65%, and return on average common equity was 16%. Our net interest margin and efficiency ratio are shown on the graph on the right-hand side of Slide 4. This quarter's net interest margin of 3.48% was, as expected, 7 basis points lower than the prior quarter's rate of 3.55%. Andy will discuss the margin in more detail in a few minutes. Our efficiency ratio for the first quarter was 50.7%, better than the prior year and the previous quarter. We continue to manage our operating expenses effectively and in line with revenue trends. We expect that this ratio will remain in the low-50s going forward, as we continue to manage expenses in relation to revenue trends while continuing to invest in and grow our businesses. Turning to Slide 5. The company reported total net revenue in the first quarter of $4.9 billion, a 1.1% decrease from the prior year and a 4.7% decrease from the previous quarter. The decline in revenue year-over-year was largely driven by Mortgage Banking, while the linked quarter variance reflected both a reduction in Mortgage Banking, as well as normal first quarter seasonality within our business lines. Average loan and deposit growth is summarized on Slide 6. Average total loans outstanding increased by over $12 billion or 5.8% year-over-year and 1% linked quarter. Overall, excluding covered loans, our run-off [ph] portfolio, average total loans grew by 8% year-over-year and 1.4% linked quarter. Once again, the increase in average loans outstanding was led by strong growth in average commercial loans, which grew by 16.8% year-over-year and 2.3% over the prior quarter. Total average Commercial Real Estate also increased over the prior quarters. Residential real estate loans continue to show strong growth, 19.2% over the same quarter of last year and 4.5% over the prior quarter. Within the retail loan categories, average credit card loan outstanding fell slightly as consumers paid down their balances, and average home equity lines and loans continue to decline as paydowns more than offset new loan originations. Auto loans and leases, however, posted good growth year-over-year. We continue to originate and renew loans and lines for our customers. New originations, excluding mortgage production, plus new and renewed commitments, totaled over $35 billion in the first quarter. Total average revolving corporate and commercial commitments increased year-over-year by 11.9% and 1.7% on a linked quarter basis, while utilization remained stable at approximately 25%, basically where it's been for the past 5 quarters. Total average deposits increased by $16.7 billion or 17.3% over the same quarter of last year, and by $1.2 billion on a linked quarter basis, with growth in low-cost savings deposits particularly strong on a linked quarter basis. Turning to Slide 7 and credit quality. Total net charge-offs in the first quarter decreased by $35 million or 7.5% from the fourth quarter of 2012, while nonperforming assets, excluding covered assets, decreased by $59 million or 2.8%. The ratio of net charge-offs to average loans outstanding in the first quarter declined to 0.79% from 0.85% in the fourth quarter. During the first quarter, we released $30 million of reserves compared with $25 million in the fourth quarter and $90 million in the first quarter of 2012. Given the mix and quality of our portfolio, we expect net charge-offs to remain relatively stable in the second quarter, while nonperforming assets will continue to trend lower. Andy will now give you a few more details about our first quarter results.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks, Richard. Slide 8 gives you a view of our first quarter 2013 results versus comparable time periods. Our diluted EPS of $0.73 was 9% higher than the first quarter of 2012 and 1.4% higher than the prior quarter. For comparison purposes, recall that the fourth quarter 2012 results included an $80 million foreclosure-related settlement expense accrual that reduced EPS by $0.03. The key drivers of the company's first quarter earnings are summarized on Slide 9. The $90 million or 6.7% increase in net income year-over-year was the result of a decrease in expense and a lower provision for credit losses, slightly offset by a reduction in net revenue. Net interest income increased year-over-year by $19 million or 0.7%. The favorable variance was largely driven by a $13.9 billion increase in average earning assets, mostly offset by a decrease in net interest margin. The 4.6% growth in average earning assets included increases in average total loans and loans held for sale, as well as planned increases in the securities portfolio. The net interest margin of 3.48% was 12 basis points lower than the same quarter of last year, primarily due to lower-yielding investment securities and lower loan rates, partially offset by lower rates on deposits and wholesale funding and a reduction in cash balances held at the Fed. Noninterest income declined by 3.3% year-over-year, primarily due to Mortgage Banking revenue, reflecting lower origination and sales revenue, partially offset by higher servicing revenue and favorable change in the addition to the mortgage reps and warranty repurchase reserve. Also contributing to the decline in noninterest income year-over-year were lower equity investment gains, retail products revenue, primarily due to fewer cars coming off lease, and commercial products revenue. Offsetting these declines were increases in trust and investment management fees, retail payments and merchant processing revenue. Noninterest expense was lower year-over-year by $90 million or 3.5%. The majority of this favorable variance is attributable to favorable variances in regulatory, insurance and litigation items, partially offset by higher compensation and benefits expense and an increase in tax credit investment costs, net occupancy and technology expense. Net income was higher on a linked quarter basis by $8 million or 0.6% as a result of an 8% decline in expense and a lower provision for credit losses, partially offset by a 4.7% decrease in net revenue. On a linked quarter basis, net interest income was lower as growth in average earning assets of $1.8 billion was offset by a 7-basis-point decline in net interest margin and the impact of 2 fewer days. The 7-basis-point decline in net interest margin was primarily due to lower loan and securities rates and seasonally lower loan fees. On a linked quarter basis, noninterest income was lower by $164 million or 7%. This unfavorable variance was primarily the result of a decrease in Mortgage Banking revenue and seasonally lower payments and deposit service charges, as well as commercial products revenue. The variance in Mortgage Banking revenue largely reflected lower origination and sales revenue, offset by favorable variances in the addition to reps and warranty repurchase reserve and mortgage servicing rights valuation. On a linked quarter basis, noninterest expense was lower by $216 million, mainly due to the fourth quarter $80 million settlement expense accrual, lower professional services expense due to the reaching of that settlement, favorable variances in insurance and litigation items and seasonally lower operating expense, offset by higher benefits, including pension, and the expense related to low income housing and other tax-advantaged projects. Turning to Slide 10. Our capital position remains strong and continues to grow. Based on our assessment of the full impact of the current proposed rules for Basel III standardized approach, we have estimated that our Basel III Tier 1 common equity ratio was 8.2% at March 31 versus 8.1% at December 31. At 8.2%, we are well above the 7% Basel III minimum requirement and above our targeted ratio of 8%. In March, we received the results of the 2013 Comprehensive Capital Assessment and Review, the CCAR, including the Federal Reserve's non-objection to our capital plan. Subsequently, we announced a new 1-year buyback authorization totaling $2.25 billion, effective April 1. And we expect to recommend to the Board of Directors that they approve an 18% increase in our common stock dividend in the second quarter. These capital actions will allow us to maintain our goal of returning 60% to 80% of our earnings to shareholders in the form of dividends and buybacks in 2013. In the first quarter, we returned 69% of our earnings to shareholders, including dividends and repurchase of 17 million shares of common stock. Finally, Slide 12 provides updated detail on the company's mortgage repurchase-related expense and the reserve for expected losses on repurchases and make-whole payments. The addition to the reps and warranties repurchase reserve this quarter was $36 million lower than the fourth quarter of 2012. Recall that we booked additional reserves in the fourth quarter to address the put-back risk of Freddie Mac loans originated in 2004 and 2005. Our outstanding repurchase and make-whole request balance at March 31 was $66 million compared with $131 million at December 31. I'll now talk -- turn the call back to Richard.
Richard K. Davis: Thanks, Andy. Turning to Slide 13, you will see the cover of our 2012 Annual Report, "A Rich Heritage" and "A Strong Future." And today, we're in Boise, Idaho, the site of our 2013 Annual Shareholders Meeting. I'm looking forward to presenting our shareholders with a brief look at our past and a view into our future. Idaho, in fact, is part of our company's rich heritage, which began 150 years ago, with the signing of our national bank charter in 1863. The presentation will include the story of how we achieved the size and scale we are today and in particular, what we accomplished in 2012, including record revenue, record earnings and industry-leading performance metrics against the backdrop of a slowly recovering and uncertain environment. Even more important, however, to all of our shareholders is that we have positioned U.S. Bank for a strong future, a future that includes continued investment in our well-diversified mix of businesses, prudent risk management, a focus on operating integrity and compliance, strong capital and liquidity and superior returns for our shareholders. We're looking forward to the future as we move into 2013 with our first quarter now complete, and we remain focused, as always, on producing consistent, predictable, repeatable results for the benefit of our customers, our employees, our communities and our shareholders. That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Bill and I would now be happy to answer any questions from the audience.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Erika Penala with Bank of America.
Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Richard, your comments on cautious -- your cautious loan growth commentary during the Citi Conference really resonated with the investor community. So I was wondering if you could give us an update on your outlook for the balance of the year.
Richard K. Davis: Thanks, Erika. Yes, much as I wish it were more positive, I think we just need to be realistic in this environment. And while you'll recall that in quarter 4, we grew our linked quarter loans 1.4%, we then suggested, a month ago, that while we wanted to be in the range of 1% to 1.5% for this most recent quarter, we'd be on the low end, and here we are at 1%. My guidance for next quarter, which is as far as I can see, is somewhere between the 1% and 1.5% again. If we get the seasonal lift that we expect and we normally see in the springtime, then we'll in be the middle of that to the high end of that range. If we see a continued cautious nature by our customers, which we've now seen for the last few months, then it might be on the low end of that range, but it'll be somewhere in between. So what I'm saying is it's not going to be robustly coming back on all cylinders, and that makes sense to us because there continues to be a withholding by both consumers and businesses in this uncertain environment, particularly now, on the heels of both the higher FICA costs and what we all know to be some of the slow but eventual sequester impacts, the higher gasoline costs and the lack of any other catalysts for the business community to jump on the need to take action any earlier now, with the commitment of forward interest rates being low for so long. So longer view, second half of the year, I would hope we start moving into the higher end of the 1% to 2% quarter -- linked quarter range. But for now, let's say, we're going to be pretty set in that same kind of range, bound [ph] 1% to 1.5% linked quarter until we see some catalyst.
Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And my follow-up question would be on the expense side. Thank you so much for the color on looking for a low-50s efficiency ratio. And -- but you also mentioned the word "flexible" in your prepared remarks. If we fall into the lower end of the range on loan growth, and clearly, Mortgage Banking is a big question mark for the rest of the year, is the main message here is that there is still flexibility remaining in terms of managing the dollar number to keep the efficiency ratio in the low-50s no matter what happens to the revenue side for the rest of the year?
Richard K. Davis: Yes, for a couple of reasons, the answer is yes. I'm fairly comfortable that, as you know, we manage more to operating leverage than we do efficiency ratio. And we've promised that, as this year will be a harder year for revenue growth, at least at the conservative manner in which we run the company, likewise, we're going to be conservative on our expense growth. And as long as revenue grows faster than expenses, you know that you have positive operating leverage and your efficiency ratio gets better. So efficiency for us is a result not a goal, but because of that, I can assure you it will stay in the low-50s. I don't see any reason for that to be any different than it has for the last many years. I'll also add, you'll recall that while we are moving through this consent order and have substantially less cost in compliance for that purpose, we do see the cost of compliance and operating integrity going up, but well within the range of the amount that we are now going to be able to redeploy. So even on a linked quarter basis for a company like ours, while I hated all the money we were spending on the consent order, it now serves as a backdrop for us to use for some redeployment for what I know to be higher expenses in compliance and audit going forward. So we have really no reason -- and if loan growth were to stay slow, as you know, because of our kind of 50-50 mix of spread income and fee income, as long as the seasonality continues to happen, along with our trusts and our payments businesses, and some of the non-balance-sheet items, I also have confidence we can stay in the low-50s as an outcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I realize there's a lot of seasonality in fees quarter-to-quarter and year-over-year, yet you highlighted some of the declines, obviously, in mortgage and private equity. But I guess, just generally speaking, it felt like fees, broadly, were a little bit weaker year-over-year, as we looked at the service charges, the cash management, corporate areas, just some areas that I thought would be grinding higher. I don't know if there's anything kind of unusual that just happened to all hit at once or is it just kind of sluggish client activity overall?
Andrew Cecere: Matt, this is Andy. So first, you're right. The first quarter is seasonally lower across a number of categories. In addition to the seasonality, I'd highlight 2 things. One is in our corporate products -- corporate payments revenue, we have about a 30% exposure to the U.S. government, with a high percentage of that related to the defense department. And government spending is down approximately 15% to 30% depending upon the category. So that is a driver of our -- principal driver of the lower year-over-year and a little lower linked quarter growth that you see in corporate payments. So that's going to depend upon what the future is in terms of government spend, but that is an unusual item that you see there. The second category I bring up is our commercial product revenue. We have particular strength in our high-grade bond underwriting. That's doing very well, and you're reading about the marketplace and how a lot of bond issues are occurring. However, the marketplace is also indicating that FX, loan syndication and some of the more onetime fees are slowing down a bit because -- somewhat because of that high bond underwriting activity. So those are 2 things in addition to seasonality that I would call out.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just separately, following up on the net interest income -- or sorry, the loan growth outlook. As we think about the NIM component from here, any outlook comments on the net interest margin percent?
Andrew Cecere: Yes, so I -- we had indicated that we would be down 5% to 7%, we were down 7%. I will tell you, my expectation was that is the most it will go down this year. My expectation for the second quarter is closer to 4% to 6%. Part of the reason for that is first quarter has seasonally lower loan fees. And secondly, the compression of what's coming on versus what's coming off is dissipating. So you'll see continued improvement throughout the year and again, second quarter 4% to 6%.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then when you combine that with the low-single digit or low 1% loan growth, do you hold net interest income stable or can you get a little growth out of that?
Andrew Cecere: Relatively stable to perhaps a little bit growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from John McDonald with Sanford Bernstein.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Andy, quick follow-up on the net interest margin. Your margin was very resilient for a lot of the low interest rate environment, and the last couple of quarters, you've had a little leakage down. What's the dynamic there? Did you have some funding cost ability to push that down and that's starting to dissipate? Or can you just give us a little color there?
Andrew Cecere: Yes, John. So that is the reason. In 2012, we had about $12 billion of debt that either matured and was not replaced or was replaced at a much lower cost. That helped us, particularly in the last half of 2012. In 2013, we have a much lower number of debt coming due, so we have less of that repricing that will help us. However, as I said, sort of offsetting that is the difference between what's coming on and off, particularly in the securities portfolio. We'll continue to improve each quarter, so that'll be an offset. But that is the principal dynamic last year versus this year.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And then can you just remind us of your positioning to higher interest rates and which interest rates matter most for you?
Andrew Cecere: We're asset-sensitive. We continue to be asset-sensitive. What you saw in the fourth quarter annual report is very similar to what you'll see in the first quarter Q. So we are biased towards positive rates, and the most important part in the curve for us is 3 to 5 years.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And then, on the credit side, Richard, I guess you -- do you envision being able to run at a below-average charge-off rate for a considerable amount of time here, both you and the industry? As there hasn't been much lending and housing's improving, do you see credit kind of running below average for a while?
Richard K. Davis: I do, and I think we've predicted that a year ago, that we would all fall below our over-the-term rates and it would take years to come back. I mean, it's just the way the math works. The temptation is for certain companies to decide that now is the time to take maybe a higher level of risk because: a, it won't show up for a while; and b, to stretch [ph] for that asset growth is pretty high. And that temptation is present in our company, but it isn't going to happen. So the fact is, is that we're going to continue to be prudent, and we'll take our hits, if you guys don't like the loan growth. But we're not going to put on, structurally, a deficit asset onto our books for the fear of them being a problem in many years forward. We're just not going to do that. So you'll see us be prudent, and we're not going to -- we're not in the leveraged lending business, to speak of, so we're not enjoying that particular run-up right now. We're not going to get into things like enhanced lease residuals or get into some of the noninterest-related activities. But as I always say, we'll continue to fight for our own customers and continue to build some growth in market share by using our pricing advantage, which, you all know, we have a pretty substantial one, which we can give a part of it back to our best customers and new customers. I'll also remind that our commitments grew almost 12% year-over-year, and annualized linked quarter, 7%. And so we're continuing to enjoy bringing a lot of new customers, and they're still sitting at that 25% usage level. But once and when they start using it, we would hope that whoever has the most customers on their balance sheet with open lines of credit will be the one that does the best, and we're counting on being one of those.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And while it does sound like you'll run below average or over the cycle, you don't see much more improvement from this kind of 79-basis-point level. Do you think you'll just kind of hold somewhere in there?
Richard K. Davis: Yes, I think we fell through the 70s, and we stay in there. And I thought -- 6 months ago, we fell to the low-80s, so it got better faster and probably more sustainably than we thought, which is why you saw some of our actions. But just because of our large credit card portfolio and the mix of business, it shouldn't get much lower than that or we're -- then, we really left too much on the table. Bill, do you want to..
P. W. Parker: Yes, yes. This is Bill. Okay, I mean, the area that still has room for improvement is anything related to the residential mortgage, so residential mortgage, home equity, still high. And over the next year or 2, depending on housing prices, that should continue to come down.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Bill, it looked like the home equity NPLs and charge-offs ticked up a little bit in the first quarter. Is that a seasonality issue?
P. W. Parker: Yes, they will come down again in the second quarter and should be down for the balance of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Miller with FBR.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: So on the Mortgage Banking side, a lot of people felt that we've been writing it off for the rest of the year. What's your views for the gain on sale and volumes throughout the year?
Andrew Cecere: So Paul, I'm going to give you -- I don't know the whole year. I'll give you what I can see in the second quarter. And so the first quarter, our fees were down about 15.5%, and that's principally because apps were down. We book about 80% of our revenue at app and the remainder at close. Apps were down about 20%, and gain on sale margins were down 10, 15 basis points, and the offset was positive servicing revenue and the gain on sale -- or excuse me, the servicing hedge. So those are the gives and takes. What we look -- as we look into the second quarter, we believe mortgage revenue will grow, and we believe the application volumes, what we've seen thus far, will increase. So we think that this first quarter was a little bit seasonal, a little bit impacted by the blip in rates that occurred in late February. We're starting to see some strength there, so we expect an increase in mortgage revenue Q2.
Richard K. Davis: And Paul, we're sticking with mortgage. We like it, and we do it well. We think, as I said before, that there will be a purchase money future out there, and we want to have that same market share position, if not greater, with purchase money. So we continue to prioritize our new customers and make sure that their servicing and their -- our performance on their onboarding is exceptional so that they'll be pleased. A refi is also important, but it doesn't have the same time parameters attached to it because you don't have another party involved. And we're going to continue to grow this business and do what we can to improve the mix of where the originations come from, more retail, if we can. But at the same time, we have a very good variability on our expense control, so if things were to continue to fall and be less than we expect, we can adjust to that very quickly, probably within 30 to 60 days, based on the way we staff and the way we've set up our occupancy costs [ph] . So we're able to flex with it, but we like it and we're going to plan on it continue to be strong.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't think you have a lot of HARP-eligible loans. I mean, what type of HARP production you're doing right now?
P. W. Parker: About 11% is the HARP for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just wondered if you could just expand on the mortgage side. Can you talk about how your mix of originations has changed? And any market share dynamic changes as you -- as Richard, as you talk about that being prepared for purchase market?
Andrew Cecere: Yes, so first of all, from an origination standpoint, if we think about production, about 72% of the production is refinancing. Only about 62% of the applications, however, are refinancing. So again, that increase in rates that occurred did impact apps, and refinancings did come down in the first quarter. We're starting to see it shift back to more of that 70-30 refinancing. And again, we expect strength in the application volume into quarter 2. Given -- we don't have the full market data yet, but we continue to expect that we'll be either stable or slightly increasing in market share.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. My second question, I wanted to ask you about noninterest-bearing deposits did decline, on average, a decent amount. And I just wanted to ask you to flesh that out a little bit. How much of that was seasonal? How much of it is customers behaving differently? And any changes with regards to even customers starting to potentially use some of their deposits instead of borrowing?
Andrew Cecere: Yes, I think a factor there, Ken, was the elimination of tax. So what we saw at the end of the year was a shift, perhaps, of about $6 billion out of noninterest-bearing, which, at -- until year-end, had unlimited insurance, into a more interest-bearing category. So I think customers thought about it, and said, "I'm going to go after a few basis points since I don't have unlimited insurance." So I think that's the phenomenon that we saw.
Richard K. Davis: Ken, you make a great point. As I've often said, it's a canary in the mine. The first good news for all this industry is the deposits in total moved down because people are using them, then they'll use the lines of credits that they have open to buy and they're paying for and then, eventually, they'll get more loans. This is not that. This is not that first mover, where we're seeing total deposits moving down as a result of customers using it for other things, particularly for growth. They're really withholding. They continue to be cautious, and they're just building up the balance sheet. No matter where they placed it, they're just kind of moving it about to seek a little higher yield.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And Richard, on that point, this should be my last question, just can you just talk us through -- when you are talking to customers, we've continued to hear about this delay and cautiousness. What are customers looking for to make that change in their minds? So everyone is very flush with cash. Companies are strong from a financial perspective. We're seeing that in credit. But so we continue to hear about delay, delay, delay. What are customers waiting for?
Richard K. Davis: Yes, that's a great question. And it has a lot of answers, but mine would be that it is particularly the lack of a catalyst, perhaps more than it is the uncertainty. Even I'm tired of talking about uncertainty without a very good definition. We could tie it, last year, to fiscal cliff. We could tie it, last quarter, to the pending sequester. We can try to say it's going to be the national debt. It's probably not any of those anymore. There's no reason to take a bite right now at the apple and invest in something that will cost you more, with the uncertainty of not knowing whether or not there's going to be a customer base for you. So what I would say to you, Ken, is you've got the interest rates being decidedly low for a long time, so there's no catalyst for a company to rush to make a decision because rates are eventually going to move up. They probably should be thinking that way, but based on the calculus and what the Fed has done by tying it to unemployment, everyone can see that it's not imminent. So absent that and absent a good deal, where you see the M&A market still has some life to it, most companies are going to continue to just do what they do well, stick to their knitting, be very cautious and be proud of the fact that they're still being profitable. And they're going to wait for a catalyst, which, I think, will be interest rates eventually starting to move up and people taking advantage of that and/or the consumer getting much stronger, starting to seek more purchase, consumer products and services and then the companies starting to meet that demand. None of that's present today. It's not horrible. It's slow recovery, it's torturously slow, but there's no catalyst to jump on something earlier than you need to.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Foran with Autonomous.
Brian Foran - Autonomous Research LLP: I wonder if I can follow up on this point you made about it's tempting at this point in the cycle to stretch for growth and maybe people getting to mid and even late cycle underwriting standards in certain products. You referenced leveraged lending is one. Are there other parts of the market that particularly concern you? And maybe if I could specifically hone in on auto a little bit, since you have some slides on it in the back of the deck.
Richard K. Davis: Yes, I'm going to have Bill answer the hard one. I'll take auto because that's very timely. We're one of the larger -- we're the seventh largest auto lender, so it's meaningful, 2.3% market share. But we're also one of the larger auto lessors. And we've been in that business for as many years as auto leasing has been around, so we're good at it. It has a lot of other attributes to it like end of term, used market sales values, all those kinds of things. And it would be -- one of the opportunities you would have is to enhance your residual value. And so if you're going to get a loan from Bank X, and they're going to say, after a 3-year term, your value is going to be x. And you will get it from us, and we say, after a 3-year term, your value is going to be, let's say, lower, then you're going to have a higher payment with our company because we're going to have you take a larger spread. When the car comes back in 3, 4, 5 years, that's when we have to meet our maker and decide whether or not we expected the value to be higher or lower, and then take an adjustment well outside of the interest income that would have been derived. So as an example, we're just -- we've done this business long enough, we're not going to do something any more than we would take a structural interest -- a structural -- a credit risk on a customer, hoping that they're going to get better when we don't see the evidence. And so autos has a leasing issue that's probably more germane. Let's pause for a minute though and also look at what happened with the CFPB last week, as they're starting to ring-fence the discretion at the pricing level in the auto sales rooms, and you know that the banks are now going to be held accountable for disparate lending behaviors by auto dealers all through the country, as it relates to the kind of upcharges they might provide a customer or add-on products they might deliver. So that's also going to be well worth watching in the next 90 days, to see what the banks are going to do. We immediately responded by ring-fencing the amount of latitude we give our dealers. We'll probably lose a little market share in the beginning, but we know that's the endpoint so we wanted to adjust quickly. And I think you're going to find that this starts moving toward a much more, probably, predictable pricing scheme in auto dealers across the country and probably margin compression, and that may well end up becoming an issue for affordability, as the dealers want to take on some of that profit back in another manner. So auto lending is really in flux given what just happened. But germane to your question, we're simply not going to enhance residuals or take the risk outside of what would otherwise be credit structure. So Bill for the other topics?
P. W. Parker: Yes, I think the other category would be commercial real estate. Historically, banks have liked commercial real estate because it's actually a pretty easy area to generate instant outstanding. There's always a developer with a project and seeking money. So that's an area that, over the years, has been subject to too much money going into too many projects. The way we manage that is we start with our customers. And the first thing we do is really underwrite, understand our customer. It's common that we do not necessarily do every project for our customer base. We look at the ones that we like. It's been a successful strategy for us for decades. So the commercial real estate is the other area.
Brian Foran - Autonomous Research LLP: I wonder, as a follow-up, if I could almost ask the opposite question. I mean, you've been pretty good at being countercyclical and maybe extending into products when others are still afraid to do them. And are there any opportunities that are still out there like that? And the specific one, I guess, I'm getting at is in residential mortgage. Alt-A has become maybe a dirty word, but at the same time, the whole market's doing 760 average FICOs. You cite yours at 765, with a weighted average LTV of 64%. Is there an opportunity to do some kind of prime minus business? And is this a good point in the cycle to be thinking about that?
P. W. Parker: I'd say less than -- a little different answer than the prime minus. I mean, we've held a lot of our underwriting fairly steady there, and we have the capability to do home equity up to 90% loan-to-value. We haven't changed that in several years. The issue being a lot of people are just not taking advantage of that, getting back to Richard's comment about sentiment, so it's available. We use it in some of our piggyback loans. But the volumes are just not that great. And I think it's less us changing our standards and more the market eventually coming back to them as people get more confidence.
Operator: Your next question comes from Keith Murray with Nomura.
Keith Murray - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Just ask you a question -- you're talking about loan growth. Are you seeing the ability to take share? And which particular loan categories are you seeing it?
Richard K. Davis: This is Richard. Small business for sure. Five years ago, we started a trip to become a really high-quality small business originator, and we won -- we did it through our branch managers. And you're welcome to call any of them, all 3,100 of them. It's -- their job is to be a community leader and know that whole neighborhood like it was a small little town, and part of that goes along with being the bank for the small business owners in and around that location. So we've been taking market share. That continues to be one of our strongest growth both in what you'd call traditional small business, as well as SBA lending. We're the second largest SBA lender at national level at this point as well. So we see a lot of value in being good at that, and it is a real execution game. It's not so much just pricing and product, it's knowing your customer and giving them what they need. The other thing that I would say that we're continuing to focus on in terms of market share grab would be second -- first-position second mortgages. We've been very, very successful at that. It's -- for a lot of people, it's a way to get into the equity without having to go through the typical steps you would have to go for a first-position traditional mortgage. They're very high-quality customers. They like the product. They like the access, and particularly, they don't want to do another credit card. They still feel comfortable using the equity in their home, and those have been 2 really growth businesses for us. Bill, did I miss...
P. W. Parker: Yes. Well, I think, the other big area is really our corporate bank and especially their inroads into the investment-grade space, whether that's through commitments and taking joint lead or lead positions with a number of our clients. And with that, comes the investment-grade underwriting that we established in Charlotte. So I'd say that's another area that's come a long way in the last...
Richard K. Davis: Yes, 4 years ago, 4 years ago, Keith, we didn't really even have that, and now we're leading transactions. And what comes with that too, Bill, is the fee business, which is part of the quid pro quo. So yes, that would be another good place. So we feel we've got a lot of room and space for market share growth in places we're still getting better at. But I think we also have the advantage of being ahead some of the curves on that, and we're going to play it out.
Keith Murray - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: . And then on the payment side, you've mentioned the government spending piece of it having an impact. But what's your growth outlook for that business? A lot of clients ask the question. It looks like growth has slowed there. Just what's your view on this space?
Andrew Cecere: So it's -- let me put it by piece. So the merchant growth is going to be a bit of a function of same-store sales growth, which will range somewhere between 3% and 5%, we expect, for the rest of the year. We'll grow a little bit above that because we're adding new customers, but same-store sales drives that. On the card side, it's going to be consumer spend and that -- what we're seeing is spending relatively stable, but the paydown of the loans continues to increase. In other words, revolve rate is such that people are paying down their outstanding debt, so that's what's impacting outstandings. And then on the corporate card side, as we said, we have a fair exposure to the government and T&E spend, both of which are weak for the reasons that Richard already has gone through. So purchasing, the traditional purchasing is stronger, the T&E and government is a little weaker so that will depend, again, on the sentiment on a go-forward basis.
Richard K. Davis: And Keith I'll add, one of our hidden benefits, and it is hidden because it's still growing, is this international growth in our merchant acquiring. You've heard that we closed a deal with Santander last week. We've got this continuing growth in this early stage kind of nascent partnership with Citi down in Brazil. I was in Mexico City just a couple of weeks ago, where we have 400 employees, and we've been working on partnerships with some of the largest merchants in Mexico. And so these are businesses that are fairly young, a few years old, but they're the kind that have the great growth curve. So they're moving from red to pink to gray to black in terms of bottom line, and they've got great trajectories of growth. And that's probably something you'll hear about in future quarters, which isn't present in today's run rate.
Operator: Your next question comes from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: A couple of questions, follow-ups. One, you mentioned earlier the mortgage origination revenues, 80% at app, 20% at close. Is there -- what drives that difference? Is it a function of the type of loan that you're originating?
Andrew Cecere: No, you principally book the gain at lock and you book some of the miscellaneous fees at close.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And for your budget, when you're looking out 1 and 2 years, what kind of interest rate environment are you basing that on?
Andrew Cecere: The budget that we planned under is very similar to the CCAR base case budget, Betsy, which is a basically low rate environment for the next couple of years at the low end, with some increase at the longer end towards the end of this year into next year.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. So is it fair to say it's in line with what the FOMC is suggesting they're going to do with rates or not?
Andrew Cecere: Yes, it's very close to the Blue Chip consensus.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then lastly, on payments space, so obviously, there's a lot going on in the payments industry right now. I just wanted to get your thoughts on how you're thinking about positioning USB longer term, specifically around some of the payment strategies in the U.S. You know that JPM and Visa have signed into a unique partnership. Is there anything that -- in that make -- would make sense for USB? Obviously, you've got your own merchant acquirer, so I wanted to see what your thoughts are there. And then, separately, in non-U.S., you've been increasing your footprint pretty significantly in the merchant acquiring. Is there any more that you could do there? And then lastly, on the Internet space, what kind of options do you have to increase your share of wallet?
Richard K. Davis: Great. This is Richard. I was going to say payments can now mask as either cards or mobile banking, right? So we'll take those separately. On the traditional payment space, we, too, have relationships with partners that we just are working on. And we don't necessarily announce them, so you can read between those lines. By the way, it's not exclusive, what you mentioned with the other banks. So we are in R&D mode in a significant way with all types of ways to use our acquiring partnership with merchants, and in some cases, directly to consumer, a la Square and some of those things that you've read about. So we're not left out of anything. Nothing has come across our desk that we wish we had been a part of, and we're just more likely to announce it once it's been tested and out, as opposed to the fact that we're going to test it. So just trust us, we have a different cycle in which we announce that. As it relates to international, once we get this beachhead down in Brazil, there's a lot of good growth in South America and, as our reputation builds, like I believe it will, as a partner with Citi, where they have a great deal of relationship, we'd expect to see us moving through South America rather like we did moving from west to east across best -- Pan-Europe and then, eventually further along, perhaps down into the Pacific Rim. We're more careful in Asia Pacific because we're not exactly sure of the politics in some of those environments. But like anywhere else, our entire story has always been built on the partnership of another bank that's local to that market, and we work with them to become their preferred merchant provider. It's usually a rent-to-own kind of a relationship, and we bring our international platform, that we've built years ago, and bring it to any country and flip it on and we start doing business. So there's really very few parts of the world, I would tell you, we're not interested in, but we're going to be careful because of the politics that go along with doing business in countries that we may not have the experience, and the partner is going to be more important probably than the country itself. And then as it relates to just mobile payments, we're spending an inordinate amount of time and energy on that as well, both keeping ourselves open for all channel options and for all partner options, which, in many cases, are mobile providers and some of the less-known brands that are being built in garages across the country. So we're spending an inordinate amount of time on that. And you'll see some of our M&A will very likely be the continuation of traditional merchant acquiring, but I will bet you're going to see some purchases of some less-known capabilities and technologies as it relates to the channel of moving money in nontraditional ways, particularly through mobile. So more of that will come, but you'll hear about it, in our case, after it's working, not the announcement of the idea.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And then, on the mobile side, that would be something that you could then provide to other financial institutions that you are running their payments business for?
Richard K. Davis: Excellent point. So we will -- as a correspondent bank is to smaller banks, we've been that in the merchant acquiring space forever, where many of these regional banks, smaller banks use us to be their merchant acquirer under private label. We will do exactly the same thing with mobile technology. We'll build it, we'll brand it, we'll white-label it, we'll sell it to them and they can have the benefit. We'll also get the markup.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Kotowski with Oppenheimer.
Christoph M. Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: I hear what you say about consumer confidence and people not wanting to lever up. But I guess I always kind of viewed that loan growth, and especially consumer loan growth, kind of should go with nominal GDP. And you see auto sales up 40% off the bottom. And while you were speaking, housing starts hit the tape. It was over 1 million units for the first time in a couple of years and 2x off what it was on the bottom. And you think about all the furniture and rugs and all this stuff that goes with housing starts. And just how can it not translate into loan growth? And I'm wondering is it purely consumer behavior or is it some of the new strictures that are on you. Is it like the inability to raise card limits and so on? I just -- how does all this other activity, this [indiscernible] activity not translate into loans?
Richard K. Davis: Chris, those are all good questions, and we consider them all the time, too. First of all, let's talk about auto loans. Auto loans are probably the squeeze play between the lack of equity in homes and the lack of people's willingness to extend their unsecured credit card any further. So it used to be home equity would mask a great deal of the auto purchasing, and even credit cards would end up allowing people to feel more comfortable that they had other alternatives to pull on. People are paying down their credit card more than they're using it, and people's equity, while probably starting to warm up, hasn't been that good that long for them to be comfortable. So it makes sense to me that autos are probably the single and exclusive space of strength in the consumer side. That's how I've put it into my head at least. But as it relates to kind of the next steps, you've got the consumer is -- like a small business, like a large corporation, they've figured out that they can be better with their budgets than they thought they could. They can find out they can live on less than they thought they could. And they do not want to get -- once burnt, twice shy. And so the behaviors are reasonable, but they're more emotional than they are practical or financial, and I think this will eventually recover as people feel more comfortable. They now know what their cost is going to be in their paycheck every 2 weeks now that FICA has been changed. They're probably getting a better sense of what's going to happen in terms of the cost of gasoline as we move into the summer months, and they start looking whether they've got money for a vacation. This is the perfect time of the year where we're in a flux to figure out where things are going to settle. And in our company, April and May pretty much tell us the rest of the year. We don't trust the first quarter for a lot of reasons. I don't go -- have to go much past May to know how the year is going to go, but we're right on the heels of figuring out what the consumer behavior will be. And I'll tell you it's probably going to be cautious because, for the same reasons I mentioned for corporate, there's no catalyst, but for to be careful and protect yourself, given the uncertainty of what things could happen.
Christoph M. Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: So your view is it's purely behavioral, it's not the new regulations and structure?
Richard K. Davis: Yes, thank you. For our company, it's not the latter. We are not bound by capital, by regulators, by any enforcement actions. We're simply doing the business we think is safe, sound and repeatable, and so far that's been aligned with what the regulators would expect.
P. W. Parker: Yes. And I'll also point out the -- I mean, the housing starts statistic is heavily weighted now with multifamily starts, so the single family, I see, is actually down. And so when you talk about consumer sentiment, I mean, it's, yes, you build an apartment building, you need carpet, but what you're talking about is this consumer going out and buying a new home and refurnishing and et cetera, and that's a different behavior. And that's still fairly tepid.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Werner with Morningstar.
Dan Werner - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I apologize if -- I got in the call late. With regard to the allowance of loan losses and given that you're improving asset quality and even provisioning slightly less than what you're charging off, where do you see the loan loss reserve long term?
P. W. Parker: Well, I'm not going to comment long term but...
Dan Werner - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Or at least for the rest of the year.
P. W. Parker: That's still very...
Richard K. Davis: That's forever.
P. W. Parker: We usually go a quarter at a time. But in general terms, there's still a little more room for improvement in the credit profile. There's still wholesales almost back to what I'd call prerecession levels. But there's still a few things to work out so that will give us a little more relief on the allowance. But basically, it's similar to what it's been doing.
Operator: Your next question comes from Todd Hagerman with Sterne Agee.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Andy, a couple of questions, just some follow-up. First, in terms of kind of you were mentioning on the spread outlook kind of stable to maybe some growth. What I'm curious about is how we should think about the earning asset mix with the balance sheet. Obviously, it's been growing. And one of the things that stands out is really the growth in mortgage held on balance sheet, and this quarter, we saw a bit of a drop-off in terms of held for sale. So I'm just wondering how to think about kind of the ongoing mortgage retained on balance sheet, how you think about perhaps the fee income versus the spread component in conjunction with your comments on the spread.
Andrew Cecere: Right. So there are a few questions in there. First, let me make it clear that qualifying mortgages, Freddie, Fannie, we are not holding in our balance sheet other than held for sale, so we are selling those. What you're seeing in terms of mortgage traditional loans on the balance sheet is first, our Smart Refinance product, which is that branch-based mortgage originated high-quality customer, that is not a Freddie, Fannie product. That's what you're seeing growing, and we would expect continued growth there for the reasons we've talked about. In terms of, I want to be also clear, net interest income, we expect to be relatively stable to some growth. We do still see some expectation for that 4- to 6-basis-point decline more than [ph] offset by the earning asset growth. And finally, I would say that I expect loan and securities growth to sort of be in sync. So we've stopped in terms of the build on the securities portfolio and it'll grow in conjunction with overall balance sheet growth.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's really helpful. And then, just switching gears a little bit, in terms of, again, like the mortgage outlook, if you will, but in particular on the reps and warranties. You guys had a nice drop-off this quarter in terms of the associated costs on the repurchase risk, as well as on the legal side, as well. I was just wondering how we should think about the provisions, if you will, on a go-forward basis. Is that more in sync with current production levels? Are we going to see more of a drop-off and decline in the reserve? Or how should we think about that?
Andrew Cecere: Right. So as you recall, in the fourth quarter, we increased our reserve, principally due to the look-back period on Freddie Mac going back a couple of more years. So that was unusually high. The first quarter may be a little bit low because of timing and some of the work-through of that additional look-back period. But I do expect that to sort of be stable to down in future quarters. So I think we've reached the peak there in terms of the addition to reserve, and we'll start to see it come down.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, similarly, I don't know if the question was addressed before, but just in terms of litigation. Again, relative to some of your bigger peers, the legal, while it's difficult to predict, if you will, it seems like we might be in a better or kind of more stable run rate, if you will, in terms of how we think about the legal going forward in terms of in your existing accruals.
Andrew Cecere: There is no unusual legal accruals in the first quarter. As you recall, the fourth quarter had the $80 million, but first quarter was relatively straightforward.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. So first quarter looks like more of like consistent in terms of the outlook?
Andrew Cecere: Nothing unusual from a litigation reserve standpoint.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Barker with Compass Point.
Kevin Barker - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: 15% markup in the MSR this quarter, and the MSR looks like it's valued at about 7.7% of total Tier 1 common equity per Basel III. Could you just talk about how you expect to manage that if the MSR continues to mark up, if we have an increase in rates here?
Andrew Cecere: Yes, so you're talking about the potential impact to reduction in capital?
Kevin Barker - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: Yes.
Andrew Cecere: Yes, so we have plenty of room there. So part of the reason for the increase in the value was the increase in rates that we talked about. But from an overall standpoint, we could almost double our securities port -- or MSR book and still not have the haircut from a Basel III perspective. So we're not bound by that. We continue to expect to grow the mortgage business, as we talked about. And again, as we talked about, we expect that to grow more in the second quarter relative to the first quarter because of the seasonality, but we're not bound by MSR in capital.
Kevin Barker - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: Is part of that due to deferred tax liabilities associated with MSR?
Andrew Cecere: A lot of -- there's a lot of different calculations, but that is not a binding constraint right now.
Kevin Barker - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then also you had -- 11% of your loans were HARP, which is similar to what you had in the last couple of quarters. Was the reason why the HARP mix continues to stay elevated due to you're doing cross-servicer refis? Or is it just your own book where you're doing HARP loans?
Andrew Cecere: It's primarily our own book.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Mutascio with KBW.
Christopher M. Mutascio - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Andy, I want to make sure I wrote down a couple of things right. Did you say the gain on sale was down only 15 basis points? Because I'm coming out with a much bigger hit to the gain on sale margin this quarter.
Andrew Cecere: Yes, and the reason for that -- and I know, Chris, where you're coming from. So the reason for that is you calculated it on production, which is what we're putting in our reports. And I'm doing it on net apps after fallout expectation.
Christopher M. Mutascio - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay. I just make sure...
Andrew Cecere: And our apps -- right, so production while it looks sort of flattish, apps are down closer to about 20%. So if you go through the math on that, you'll see the gain on sale margins down 10 or 20 basis points.
Christopher M. Mutascio - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that explains the difference from what I was doing. Staying with mortgage for a quick second. You mentioned that 2Q could be up over for -- over 1Q in terms of Mortgage Banking income. There's kind of 4 puts and takes in mortgage. There's production volume, your gain on sale margin, I guess, servicing and your rep and warranty expense. Of those 4 little subsets, which one is going to be better than first quarter in order to drive an upward pressure in Mortgage Banking, first to second?
Andrew Cecere: Application volume. The others might be better, too, but the application volume is going to be the key driver.
Christopher M. Mutascio - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: And that's just because of seasonality.
Andrew Cecere: Principally seasonality and principally because of that slowdown of the curve with the increasing rates in the middle of the first quarter.
Christopher M. Mutascio - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And you're pretty confident in this?
Andrew Cecere: I tell you what I know.
Richard K. Davis: We only say what we know.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nancy Bush with NAB Research.
Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division: I have a capital question for you, Richard. I mean, the big discussion, if you want to put it that way, today, is the proper level of capital for the systemic banks and this whole Brown-Vitter and is it going to be 10%? Is it going to be 15%, whatever? I think we're all sort of coming to the conclusion that the largest banks are probably going to have to have more capital even than Basel dictates. So do you see this as a competitive advantage for you? Or do you think that these demands for higher capital will then trickle down to the next tier of large banks, in which you and a number of the other large regionals reside?
Richard K. Davis: Nancy, good question. First of all, we're just a little tiny bank from Bloomington [ph]. I want to make sure you all know that. I'm convinced that there will be a ratability here. There will be a sliding scale. Even if it doesn't look like it at first, if you recall the G-SIFI or G-SIB requirements, we were the first bank not to be given one, but we were uncomfortable to have 0 as a buffer in our minimum capital charge. We just know it couldn't be 0, but we were not given a number, so we picked 50 basis points. I think that this whole "too big to fail" issue has been -- we have failed as an industry to provide confidence to the people who worry the most, that we really have ring-fenced this problem by 6 ways to Sunday. And as the bank that might otherwise look like an advantaged bank, because we're not typically in that first conversation, we're going to be affected by it, in some manner, as well. And I believe, for the good of this country, we need to have banks larger than us and we need to have banks smaller than us. But we are preparing to be part of something, and we think we'll get our pro rata share. I don't think it'll be excessive, but I don't think it'll be advantageous either. I think we'll get our fair measure of whatever the rule is here to try to make banks safer. And if capital's a measure, so be it. If it's loan losses, it might be that. It might be a liquidity ratio. It could be all kinds of things. I'm worried that "too big to fail" is just introducing the idea that we need so many different ways to protect the banks that we'll become so risk-free that we'll end up losing our benefits to those of you who invest in us. So that's a bigger worry, but I think we will get whatever is fair and assigned to us based on our size and our complexity. I don't see it as an advantage or a disadvantage. I think the whole thing, though, is a disappointment, because we should do a better job of convincing people who are worried that we really have this ring-fenced.
Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division: Do you think that the concept of risk-weighted assets is going to still be with us? Or are we going to go back to just assets?
Andrew Cecere: Nancy, this is Andy. I think we'll still have risk-weighted assets, and maybe a tangible ratio will come into play in addition. One of the things I want to highlight, in our bank, our risk-weighted asset Basel III to our total GAAP asset is about 87%. So we're not -- we don't have a huge discount on the risk weightings that you're reading about in some others. So it may come into play, but it won't be a big deal for us.
Operator: Our final question comes from Moshe Orenbuch with Crdit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Back on the payments. I guess looking at least through the first 2 months of the year, Visa had, had -- had kind of talked about their volume in U.S. credit. And your consumer business seems to be somewhat slower. I know you mentioned T&E being somewhat slower, but are there any other things going on? And kind of got a follow-up on the partnership thing that you had mentioned.
Richard K. Davis: Moshe, on the merchant side, our portfolio is heavily weighted toward resorts, airlines, hoteliers, not retail. And those are areas that are typically very slow in first quarter, they always are. And they're even slower right now based on the T&E spend of some of the corporations. So that's why we might be slightly disparate, because we're not heavy -- as heavy on retail as the averages you would hear from MasterCard or Visa.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And you mentioned kind of talking to Visa about potential partnerships, but waiting until they're a little more clearly defined. What's your view as to what that could accomplish?
Richard K. Davis: Well, I won't talk to any one specific deal, but the goal that everyone's trying to figure out is who's going to carve out what space, as it relates to the interlopers that are not financial institutions, in moving money for people in nontraditional ways. I should write that down because that was a long sentence. But the fact of the matter is that's what we're trying to do. When you're a merchant acquirer, you're the only group that has a shot at it. And if you blow it, then you're going to have an interloper come in and take a position that we've otherwise had as one of the people -- trusted parties in a transaction between consumers and merchants, so that's really where this is at for us. That's why I tell you we're dealing with many partners, we're dancing with a lot of different folks. We can do all kinds of different dances if we need to, but we're not leaving ourselves out of the conversation. We're in virtually every one to decide what we think is the surviving technology or the surviving partner or the surviving customer behavior, and it's changing pretty quickly. So all you should know from us is that we're not waiting and going to be left standing by ourselves. We're out trying all kinds of different things. I just think it's a more prudent approach to deliver on things and show you even pilots before we announce partnerships. You can just trust me on this call. We're partnering with everybody you'd want us to, to make sure we're not leaving out the advantage that accrues to a 30-year merchant acquirer, who's already in this space and does it very well and everybody wants to be a partner with.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got you. One last follow-up and that is, you did mention M&A. And it's interesting because, after a couple of years in which Visa, MasterCard, American Express have been making a lot of acquisitions and there'd been a lot of acquisition in this space, it kind of died out. Could you talk a little bit about what you might be thinking about in terms of relative size of transactions? Because you sounded like there's stuff going on.
Richard K. Davis: Yes, yes. It wouldn't be very big. I think I tried to mention it would be names you haven't heard of and people who put it together in a garage 2 years ago. It's a technology, intellectual property we'd like to buy. We're big enough that we can bring it in-house and we can manage things and do them ourselves. But kind of a nascent technology that we think starts to work is better brought in-house. We can then own it, probably bring them in with us and have them help us to derive some of that. But we're better off to buy their idea than have to try to create a laboratory where we have everyone trying to come up with something new. And there are people out there doing that today. It will not be names that you're going to be looking at today in the paper, and they're not going to be big transactions that would cause you to change the sense of balance of how we make our money.
Judith T. Murphy: Okay. Thanks, Brooke, for hosting. And I want to thank everyone for listening to our call. If you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to call us in Investor Relations.
Richard K. Davis: Thanks, everybody.
Operator: This concludes U.S. Bancorp's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-16 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Judith T. Murphy - Senior Vice President, Director of Investor Relations and Analyst Richard K. Davis - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Risk Management Committee Andrew Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer P. W. Parker - Chief Credit Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ian Foley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division Gregory W. Ketron - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Kevin Barker - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the U.S. Bancorp's Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Richard Davis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Cecere, U.S. Bancorp's Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately noon, Eastern standard time, through Wednesday, January 23 at 12:00 midnight Eastern standard time. I will now turn the conference call over to Judy Murphy, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Judith T. Murphy: Thank you, Christie, and good morning to everyone who has joined our call. Richard Davis, Andy Cecere and Bill Parker are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorp's fourth quarter and full year 2012 results and to answer your questions. Richard and Andy will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of the slide presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules, are available on our website at usbank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of today's presentation, in our press release and in our form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard K. Davis: Thank you, Judy, and good morning, everyone. 2012 was a great year for our company, and I'm very proud to share our fourth quarter and full year results with you this morning. I'd like to begin with a few full year highlights on Page 3 of the presentation. U.S. Bancorp reported record net income of $5.6 billion, or $2.84 per diluted common share, for the year 2012. We achieved record total net revenue of $20.3 billion, which was higher than the previous year by 6.2%, driven by growth in both net interest income and fee revenue. We achieved industry-leading profitability, with a return on average assets of 1.65% and a return on average common equity of 16.2%, an efficiency ratio of 51.5%, and we realized positive operating leverage year-over-year. Average loans grew by 6.9% over 2011, and we experienced strong year-over-year average deposit growth of 10.6%. Credit quality continued to improve, with a decline in net charge-offs of 26.2% and an 18.9% decrease in nonperforming assets, excluding covered assets. Our capital position ended the year stronger, with a Tier 1 common equity ratio of 9%, and we were able to return $3.4 billion of our 2012 earnings to shareholders in the form of dividends and buybacks. Now turning to Slide 4 and our fourth quarter highlights. U.S. Bancorp reported net income of $1.4 billion for the fourth quarter of 2012, or $0.72 per diluted common share. Included in the current quarter was an $80 million expense accrual for the recently announced mortgage foreclosure settlement, which reduced EPS by $0.03. Recall that the fourth quarter of 2011 included 2 notable items that increased EPS by $0.05. Total net revenue of $5.1 billion was slightly higher than the same quarter of last year. Excluding the prior year merchant settlement gain, however, total net revenue grew by 5.6%. Importantly, we achieved positive operating leverage year-over-year. Total average loans grew year-over-year by 6.4% and as expected, 1.5%, or 6% annualized linked quarter. We experienced strong loan growth -- strong growth in total average deposits of 9.2% over the prior year and 1.9% over the third quarter of 2012. Credit quality continued to improve. Total net charge-offs decreased by $70 million, or 13% from the prior quarter. You may recall that the third quarter net charge-off included $54 million of incremental charge-offs related to a regulatory policy clarification. Nonperforming assets, excluding covered assets, declined by 4.6% linked quarter. We generated significant capital this quarter and ended the quarter with a Basel I Tier 1 common equity ratio of 9% and a Tier 1 capital ratio of 10.8%. Our estimated Tier 1 common ratio under the most recent Basel III rules was 8.1%. We repurchased 13 million shares of common stock during the fourth quarter. Trends in our industry-leading performance metrics are shown on Slide 5. Return on average assets in the fourth quarter was 1.62%, and return on average common equity was 15.6%. Both ratios declined from the prior quarter, primarily as a result of the mortgage foreclosure-related expense accrual. As a reminder, our company's long-term goal is to achieve a normalized ROA in the range of 1.6% to 1.9% and an ROE between 16% and 19%. Our net interest margin and efficiency ratio are shown in the graph on the right-hand side of Slide 4. This quarter's net interest margin of 3.55% was 5 basis points lower than the same quarter of last year and as expected, 4 basis points lower than the prior quarter's rate of 3.59%. Andy will discuss the margin in more detail in a few minutes. Our efficiency ratio for the fourth quarter was 52.6%, slightly better than the prior year but higher than the previous quarter, primarily reflecting the $80 million mortgage-related settlement expense accrual that was included in our current quarter's results. We continue to manage our operating expenses effectively and expect that this ratio will remain in the low-50s going forward, as we continue to invest and grow our businesses. Turning to Slide 6. The company's reported total net revenue in the fourth quarter of $5.1 billion, a slight increase over the prior year's quarter and a 1.3% decrease from the previous quarter. As noted on the slide, the year-over-year increase in total net revenue would have been 5.6% excluding the impact of the fourth quarter of 2011 gain. The company's revenues benefited from continued growth in both our balance sheet and fee-based businesses, particularly mortgage, as we have significantly increased our market share over the past few years. Average loan and deposit growth is summarized on Slide 7. Average total loans outstanding increased by over $13 billion, or 6.4% year-over-year. Overall, excluding covered loans of runoff portfolio, average total loans grew by 8.6% year-over-year and 2% linked quarter. Once again, the increase in average loans outstanding was led by a strong growth in average commercial loans, which grew by 18.4% year-over-year and 3.3% over the prior quarter. Residential real estate loans also continued to show strong growth, 19% over the same quarter of last year and 5.3% over the prior quarter. Within the other retail loan category, home equity line and loans continued to decline on average, while auto loans and leases showed steady growth over both comparable periods. We continue to originate and renew loans and lines for our customers. New originations, excluding mortgage production, plus new and renewed commitments, totaled over $49 billion in the fourth quarter and totaled over $176 billion for the full year of 2012. Total average revolving corporate and commercial commitments outstanding increased year-over-year by 15.6%, and 2.5% on a linked quarter basis, while utilization remained stable at approximately 25%, basically what it's been through the entire year of 2012. Total average deposits increased by $20.5 billion, or 9.2%, over the same quarter of last year and by $4.6 billion on a linked quarter basis, with growth in low-cost deposits particularly strong quarter-over-quarter. Turning to Slide 8 and credit quality. Total net charge-offs in the fourth quarter decreased by $70 million, or 13%, from the third quarter of 2012, while nonperforming assets, excluding covered assets, decreased by $100 million or 4.6%. The ratio of net charge-offs to average loans outstanding declined to 0.85%, indicative of the high quality of our portfolio. During the fourth quarter, we released $25 million of reserves compared with $50 million in the third quarter and $125 million in the fourth quarter of 2011. Given the mix and overall quality of our portfolio, we expect net charge-offs to be relatively stable to modestly down in the first quarter, while nonperforming assets will continue to trend lower. Andy will now give you a few more details about our fourth quarter results
Andrew Cecere: Thanks, Richard. Slide 9 gives you a view of our fourth quarter 2012 results versus comparable time periods. Our diluted EPS of $0.72 was 4.3% higher than the fourth quarter of 2011 and 2.7% lower than the prior quarter. Slide 10 details notable items that impacted earnings in the fourth quarters of 2012 and 2011. As previously mentioned, the current quarter included an $80 million foreclosure-related settlement expense accrual that reduced EPS by $0.03. In the fourth quarter of last year, noninterest income included a $263 million litigation settlement gain related to the termination of a merchant processing referral agreement. We also booked $130 million expense accrual related to other mortgage servicing and foreclosure-related matters. On a net basis, these 2 items increased EPS by $0.05 in the fourth quarter of 2011. The key drivers of the company's fourth quarter earnings are summarized on Slide 11. The $70 million, or 5.2%, increase in net income year-over-year was a result of a slightly higher net revenue, slightly lower expense and a decrease in the provision for credit losses. Excluding the net after-tax impacts of the notable items detailed on Slide 10, net income year-over-year was higher by approximately 17%. Net interest income increased year-over-year by $110 million, or 4.1%. The favorable variance was largely driven by the $17.1 billion increase in average earning assets, in addition to strong growth in low-cost deposits and reduced rates on wholesale funding. The 5.8% growth in average earning assets included planned increases in the securities portfolio, as well as growth in average total loans and loans held for sale. As expected, the net interest margin of 3.55% was 5 basis points lower than the same quarter of last year, primarily due to the increase in lower-yielding investment securities, partially offset by growth in low-cost deposits, lower-cost wholesale funding and reduction in cash balances held with the Fed. Noninterest income declined by 4.2% year-over-year, primarily due to the settlement gain recorded in 2011. Excluding this prior year gain, noninterest income was higher by 7.4%. Mortgage banking revenue was strong year-over-year, largely reflecting a 27% increase in production and improved gain on sale margins and higher servicing revenue. Also contributing to the income growth were increases in trust and investment management fees, retail and corporate payments revenue, commercial products revenue and investment product fees and commissions. These positive variances were partially offset by a 6.3% decrease in merchant processing, the net result of higher volumes offset by lower rates and the reversal of revenue share accrual in the fourth quarter of 2011. In addition, ATM processing services revenue was lower, the result of a request within occupancy expense, and other income declined as the fourth quarter of 2011 included a $29 million Visa gain. Noninterest expense was lower year-over-year by $10 million, or 0.4%. The majority of the favorable variance can be attributed to the net $50 million impact of the notable items listed on Slide 10, as well as lower ORE and FDIC insurance expense, partially offset by an increase in professional services, primarily due to the mortgage servicing review-related projects, higher compensation and benefits expense and an increase in tax credit, investment cost and technology expense. Net income was lower on a linked quarter basis by $54 million, or 3.7%, primarily due to the $80 million settlement expense accrual. Excluding this charge, net income was essentially flat to the third quarter as a result of a 1.3% decline in net revenue, partially offset by a 9.2% reduction in the provision for credit losses. On a linked quarter basis, net interest income was flat, as growth in average earning assets, which grew by $3.3 billion, was offset by a 4-basis-point decline in net interest margin, primarily due to the repricing of the investment securities portfolio and lower loan rates. The average balance of our investment securities portfolio was $72.9 billion in the fourth quarter, $4.1 billion higher than the fourth quarter of 2011 and just slightly higher than the previous quarter. On a linked quarter basis, noninterest income was lower by $67 million, or 2.8%. This unfavorable variance was primarily the result of a decrease in mortgage banking revenue. Although mortgage production was higher linked quarter by approximately 2.7%, applications were lower by 6.7%. The change in mortgage banking revenue also reflected a lower gain on sale margin and $16 million increase in the addition to the reps and warranty repurchase reserve to cover the 2004 and 2005 vintage Freddie Mac loans. Other income also declined linked quarter as a result of the net effect of the third quarter credit card portfolio sale gain and the write-down of our investment in Nuveen. On a linked quarter basis, noninterest expense was higher by just $77 million, primarily due to the $80 million settlement expense. Going forward, as a result of this settlement, professional services expenses will decline, as the costs associated with the mortgage servicing review, which had been running approximately $50 million per quarter, end. Turning to Slide 12. Our capital positions remain strong and continues to grow. Based on our assessment of the full impact of the current proposed rules for Basel III standardized approach, we have estimated that our Basel III Tier 1 common equity ratio was approximately 8.1% at December 31 versus 8.2% at September 30. At 8.1%, we are well above the 7% Basel III minimum requirement and above our targeted ratio of 8%. Slide 13 provides updated detail on the company's mortgage purchase-related expense and the reserve for expected losses on repurchases and make-whole payments. As we indicated in December, after discussions with Freddie Mac, we booked additional reserve to address the put-back risk of the loans originated in 2004 and 2005. Consequently, the addition to the reps and warranty repurchase reserve this quarter was $16 million higher than the third quarter of 2012. Our outstanding repurchases and make-whole request balances at December 31 was $131 million compared with $118 million at September 30. We continue to expect mortgage repurchase requests to remain fairly stable over the next several quarters. I'll now turn the call back to Richard.
Richard K. Davis: Thanks, Andy. 2012 was a record-setting year for U.S. Bank. We achieved record earnings and record total net revenue, resulting in industry-leading performance metrics. And further, we continue to invest in our businesses and strategically acquired new partners. We added more customers and grew market share. We maintained strong and growing capital and liquidity positions. And we returned $3.4 billion of the company's earnings to our shareholders, and next year, we expect to return more. In 2013, we will celebrate the 150th anniversary of U.S. Bank. Since our charter was signed in 1863, we have managed through the times of prosperity and adversity. We've grown by investing in our business through acquisition. We have learned from and capitalized on the lessons of our past and become what we are today, a company with a well-diversified business model and a prudent risk management, a company with the ability to produce consistent, predictable and repeatable results. We're focused on the future and continuing to build momentum into 2013 for the benefit of our customers, our employees, our communities and our shareholders. That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Bill and I would now be happy to answer questions from the audience.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Question for you on loan growth. Good average loan growth, but it looks like the period-end loans are maybe even a little bit higher, a little bit better. And curious if there's anything notable about the growth and if you've noticed any change in sentiment of the borrowers, maybe positive or negative, early on in the year.
Richard K. Davis: Yes. John, this is Richard. There's -- it's pretty much the same story. I think the fiscal cliff uncertainty caused the very last couple of weeks to be a bit muted. But if you take quarter 4 and look into quarter 1, I think at the end of the day, you're going to see a pretty sustainable range of that 4% to 6% annualized. We came in at the high end of that range in quarter 4. I think we're on track for the high end of that for quarter 1, but I wouldn't jump outside of that range based on what I'm seeing. I don't think that people care as much about the debt ceiling and the debate that will occur later in the quarter as they do about the bottom line to their paychecks, as they did about the fiscal cliff. But I do think it's still a fairly uncertain environment, and people at the first of the year aren't jumping on anything new.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, you touched on it but maybe if you can provide us a little more color on how you're thinking about capital allocation on 2013. You talked about returning more money to shareholders, but just kind of walk us through your thought process.
Andrew Cecere: Yes, John. This is Andy. We -- our goal has always been a 60% to 80% return, the combination of dividends and buybacks. We were within that range in 2012. We would expect and we plan to be within that range in 2013. That's how we submitted the CCAR. And as discussed, we'll hear back somewhere towards the end of March regarding the results.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And Richard, you said more, I believe was the phrase in your...
Richard K. Davis: I did so, yes. We're in the lower end of that 60% to 80% range. It's our goal to get -- move further into that range. I doubt that we'll get to 80%, and part of the reason for that is we're still investing in the company. You guys are allowing us to do that, and I think we're getting good returns for those investments. But the CCAR results will be known in a couple of months, and we've put in a request that we think is very fair and reasonable and will help us move that deeper into the 60% to 80% range.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Miller with FBR Capital Markets.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: On your mortgage production side, can you -- do you break out what you do for retail versus wholesale?
Andrew Cecere: We don't break that out. But let me give you a couple of facts, Paul, just to maybe round out some of the story. Right around 69% of our production was refinance activity, and gain on sale margins that you see are down a bit. But I think an important fact, too, is the application because we booked the majority of our revenue at app. And our net apps or our gross apps, both of them, were down about 6.7%. Now some of that can be attributable to -- attributed to the seasonality factor that occurs in the fourth quarter, particularly around the holiday season. We still expect the first half of the year to be relatively strong from a mortgage perspective, but the fourth quarter was down a bit principally due to seasonality.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And then, when you're saying gain on sale margins is down slightly, was it mainly -- was that also due to seasonality? Or is that more of a -- did you do more wholesale versus retail in the quarter?
Andrew Cecere: Probably a combination of a little bit of both. And if I do my gain on sale from a perspective of apps, it was down maybe 10 or 15 basis points.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay, okay. And then, on your loan growth, are you seeing any -- I mean, I know -- Wells Fargo talked about seeing a lot of C&I and whatnot in the late part of the -- in December as people try to get some things done before the fiscal cliff. Do you -- did you see the same thing? Or could you add some color around that?
Richard K. Davis: We -- not really. I wouldn't have brought it up. I knew you'd ask. And the M&A activity was higher at year's end for all the reasons that people were trying to time and sequence their activities before a fiscal cliff possibility, but not notable. To us, it was not a real impact. As I said, everything kind of slowed down at the very end of the year. That happens anyway, but to a more of a screeching halt just because people were waiting to see what happened, and there's a bit of that recovery in the first few weeks, as John's question might have belied. But if you take the 2 quarters in total, I don't think you'll see any distinction about that fiscal cliff when it's all said and done. And for us, the -- I'd like to give you color on loan differences by geography or loan type or customer, and it really isn't much different than the last couple of quarters we've had in 2012. So for us, it's a lot more of the same. I guess, the recession was -- ended 14 quarters ago, as I'm told. It probably doesn't feel like it to all of us, but whatever recovery we've been under continues to be slow and methodical, and we're feeling the exact same thing. Just a little bit better every month, every quarter, but it's so small you have to go back and add it together just to notice it. So we're seeing that same phenomenon. Not much to report.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John McDonald with Sanford Bernstein.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Andy, what are some of the puts and takes for the net interest margin looking forward? And what's your best guess on the near-term outlook for the NIM?
Andrew Cecere: Yes, John. So we talked about the fact that we expected the fourth quarter to be down 4% to 6%, it was down 4%. I would expect a similar decline in the first quarter, perhaps a little bit more because the first quarter is seasonally lower with regard to loan fees, both on the wholesale as well as retail side. So down similar level, perhaps a bit more because of loan fees.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And if rates stay low, the longer they stay low, does the reinvestment rate pain begin to ease eventually? And when does that happen if rates stay where they are today?
Andrew Cecere: Yes, it does, John. So the reinvestment risk right now is that $2 billion to $2.5 billion that runs off every month, putting -- and I'm putting it back on in a conservative fashion. The differential in spreads or rate is about 70 to 75 basis points. Because the duration is not that long, as I move into the end of this year and into '14, that starts to compress because what I'm -- what's coming off now is at a lower rate. So that will dissipate over time.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And with the loan growth dynamics that Richard talked about, do you still hope to grow net interest income this year?
Andrew Cecere: That is our goal.
Richard K. Davis: Yes.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And then on credit, Richard, I expect -- you still expect charge-offs to move lower, but it sounds like maybe at a slower pace. And then, just what was the outlook on reserve releases?
Richard K. Davis: The answer is yes and slightly a little bit more, but we're coming to an end on reserve releases. So we're at 85 basis points for the portfolio, and we've always said, especially with our credit card business, we should be at about 1%. So we're going to move below that 85 probably into the high-70s. Reserve releases come down to 0 over the course of the next few quarters because it should. And our reserve coverage is sufficient. Both -- it has always been and will be, I think, well within the range of what some of the regulators have been seeking because we don't want to under-reserve or prepare for over this cycle. Our credit portfolio has been really, really predictable, and if you just draw a straight line, you can just keep drawing it with the sloping, settling curve on charge-offs and a continued kind of transition to lower nonperformance for a little bit longer. Bill, do you want to add any color to that?
P. W. Parker: Yes. No, the -- I mean, we're getting at the bottom for some of the gross charge-off rates if you look at credit cards, autos, even some of the commercial. And some of the commercial real estate categories are pretty strong now. So on the wholesale side, some of the impact will be really on the recovery levels that we see, which can -- those are more difficult to project. So we might see a little bit up and down based on recovery levels. But overall, it's just still working out some of the residual residential mortgage and home equity, which will still take another year or 2.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And regarding the new FASB proposals suggesting a life of loan expected loss approach, do we have to start thinking -- or do you have to start thinking ahead to that now or is it too early yet?
P. W. Parker: Well, we're certainly going to comment on it now. There's a comment due from the industry, and we'll comment on it between now and April. Probably the biggest area of impact, which is still the most uncertain, is credit cards. Credit cards take big reserves, and it's just not clear what life of loan means on an open line of credit like that, so a lot more work to be done.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And it's not affecting your reservant behavior right now?
Richard K. Davis: No.
P. W. Parker: No, no.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay, great. Last thing for me. Does -- the foreclosure settlement cost, Andy, that $50 million a quarter, will that pretty much end in the first quarter and you'll be done with that right away?
Andrew Cecere: Yes. Well, we experienced about $50 million in quarters 3 and 4. We may have a little bit of a tail on that in the first quarter, $5 million to $10 million, but then it will go away.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Penala with Bank of America.
Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My first question was just a follow-up to John's. In terms of the foreclosure review expense of $50 million, is that directly going to impact the bottom line so we shouldn't expect the bank to reinvest it back into the franchise?
Richard K. Davis: Yes. The answer -- it's Richard. The answer is yes. That is the cost that we had primarily to third-party overseers. The entire mortgage servicing business has gotten more expensive because of the new rules, some of which will get finalized in a week or 2 from the CFPB. But under the consent order, the rules have been very stringent, and so we have many, many more employees in run rate cost to managing the servicing portfolio than we used to. Those do not change. For the $50 million that Andy cited, we're primarily the third-party overseers, and that does end. And yes, we can reinvest that back in the company.
Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So we shouldn't necessarily just lop off $50 million from the second quarter run rate expense?
Richard K. Davis: You could, that's a --I'm saying but there are other costs that we're not talking about, which are still burdened in there on a comparative period from prior period. It's a lot more expenses around the mortgaging servicing business than it used to be. We're up to it. We're making enough to offset it. But I didn't want you to think that $50 million was all of the -- was the incremental cost of doing this business, because it's gotten a lot more expensive over the last couple of years.
Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I see. And just my second question is on capital return. Your message on capital return is always dead consistent. If we're just sort of looking at what could be different from this year versus last in the process of the CCAR, what was interesting to me and some investors is in the adverse-case scenario is the Fed is now requiring to stress test against rate shocks, which clearly impacts the securities portfolio. I guess, as you went through the process, I understand the color you may give us may be limited, but does the adverse-case scenario even matter, as you thought about your application for this year? And is the message from the Fed, as they think about accelerating capital return from the banks, as credit risk diminishes, do we have to start thinking about AOCI risk on a go-forward basis?
Andrew Cecere: So Erika, certainly, the adverse case matters. But in our case, anyway, the severely adverse case was more of the binding constraint from the perspective of capital return. So -- and that was the harsher economic downturn, the lower GDP, the higher unemployment. That was a more material factor principally related to credit costs for our numbers. And with regard to OCI, as we've talked about, we are keeping our own cushion of 50 basis points over and above what we project to be our CP buffer of 50, so we get to the 8%. And that's to accommodate the fluctuations of volatility that occurs with OCI, and that's why we keep that cushion.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kenneth Usdin with Jefferies.
Ian Foley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: It's actually Ian Foley for Ken. Just wanted to ask a couple of questions on the mortgage business. Specifically, if volume does start to fade next year, when we look at expenses, how much is fixed versus variable and how quickly can you kind of bring those expenses down if you do see a falloff?
Andrew Cecere: Ian, I would say that the variable expense component of the mortgage business, depending upon the type of production and where it's originated from, would be anywhere between 25% and 40%.
Richard K. Davis: We've been very careful not to build a church for Easter Sunday. I mean, we're not -- we're able to accommodate all of our volume today, but we've got a pretty good variable capability of reducing quickly, adding quickly. And as you look at the future, while it may be higher refis today, we're building this bank to handle new purchases and then be a market leader in that area, which is why we're spending so much care on high quality today because that will affect the reputation we have for the clients that we'll use as the new purchase money when rates start to go up and we start replacing the refi activity. So we're going to overperform the service quality. We're going to have more than enough people in all the places today, but we can adjust very, very quickly. It's one of our best talents around here, and you can well bet that we won't be caught with overhang if there's a change somewhere along the way.
Ian Foley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And my second question is more involved than the servicing side. And I think with the refis, people often overlook just kind of what it means for the MSR and revaluation. I was just hoping you guys could comment on kind of how the hedging strategy has changed and if refi rates do decline, what that could mean for just the servicing income stream in general.
Andrew Cecere: We're fairly -- our mortgage team is very good at the hedging process here. Our net hedge results this quarter was about a $29 million gain versus about $9 million last quarter and about the same level, $30 million, a year ago. So we are very conservative in our approach, and we do try to take into account -- we do take into account all the factors that you described.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nancy Bush with NAB Research LLC.
Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division: Richard, could you just comment on the QM, what your general impressions were of the QM and whether you think there's going to be an impact to the QM on other retail lending?
Richard K. Davis: So my impressions are actually very positive. I thought they did a nice job of, what I'll call, soft landing, again, to what otherwise was a risk of really muting a slow but assured recovery. Not only is the 43% debt-to-income a fair assumption and a fair starting point, but the very, very slow transition they're going to have with the Freddie/Fannie rule standards and being able to imply those for quite some time, it's -- I'd like to say it's not a non-issue, but it's not a huge issue. And I think they gave us a lot of time to manage that, never mind we have the whole rest of 2013 to get it right. So I think for the industry, it's something more like 5% to 10% impact. We would be in that same range. And I believe that as we look over the course of time, if I look at it in the cold light part of day, if some of those rules had been around for the industry, particularly the sub-prime and non-bank providers, we actually would have had a better outcome and less of a problem. So I actually think they were quite good. What it means for the rest of the other loans, I don't think it has an infectious impact yet. I only say that because I haven't heard that as one of the next steps. I think there's plenty of other things to work on with the CFPB, particularly non-banks and other activities related to deposit gathering and service charges and things. But, Nancy, I think undoubtedly it will start to take on non-mortgage activity, things that are asset-based but are not necessarily in the same category of the higher risks of bringing down the world. So probably over the next few years, we'll see some -- the same attributes. But I don't think that they are at all immediate, and I don't think when they do come they'll be that bad.
Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division: Question for you, Andy, or maybe for both of you. There was an article in The Wall Street Journal a couple of days ago about the fact that the banks are not making public their Basel leverage ratios. Could you just comment on that? And they inferred or implied that there was risk weighting asset kind of trickery going on. Could you just give me your commentary on that?
Andrew Cecere: Sure. In our case, Nancy, our risk-weighted asset number to total GAAP assets is about 88%. So we don't have a big difference. The differentials for a bank like us and our business model is just not that material. And if you think about our leverage ratio on a -- it's not significant. In fact, it's higher on a Tier 1 number versus our Tier 1 common number, so it isn't a material impact for our company.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Ketron with UBS.
Gregory W. Ketron - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I have a bigger-picture question. If you look at revenue growth in 2012 compared to 2011, you guys put up some very nice revenue growth in light of the environment. And as you look into 2013 with maybe slower loan growth, maybe the risk of the mortgage weakens in the second half of this year, which remains to be seen, and you think about revenue growth in 2013, how do you think about that? What are the areas that you think you can achieve it? Do you expect it to actually slow compared to 2012?
Richard K. Davis: Yes. I'll go first. We do expect it to slow compared to 2012 because we're prudent and careful, and I tell you that because I also promised you positive operating leverage for 2013, so that just means we're going to be watching our expenses. And, Greg, if you follow the story for the last 5 or 6 years, you and your peers have allowed us to be pretty aggressive in spending and catching up on our CapEx. Some of our acquisitions and some of our just investments in the company have been pretty high, and yet we've continued to keep our expense relationship to revenue quite good. That's what we're going to continue to do. But we're on the tail end of that area of investing so extensively, and so the good news is this is a good year for us to keep our expenses more run-rate-related, more in check from not having to play any kind of catch-up. And it's going to be perfect because revenue is expected to grow a little bit less than last year, still positive. They'll both grow. Revenue will grow, expenses will grow by less. We'll grow the balance sheet. We'll have positive operating leverage; we'll make good net income. But each will be muted from the year before. And if, by any chance, things start to get better and the world warms up and we can benefit from that, then the expenses are easily adjusted and we can be more aggressive in some of our investments inside the company, more organic. So we've got a pretty good ability to move those levers quickly, but I want to make it easier to turn clearly. We will grow revenue, but we will just grow it at a pace that's commensurate with the kind of expenses that are needed to keep that in positive operations.
Andrew Cecere: And I would also -- I would comment that we have a couple of businesses that are at the early stages of the growth curve: our commercial products group, our high-grade bond business, municipal underwriting, our wealth management area, all areas that I think will grow in an accelerated fashion in 2013.
Gregory W. Ketron - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And I guess, along those lines, maybe things that we're not seeing that's coming through revenue growth. Do you feel like the U.S. Bancorp business model has even more leverage when we see the business conditions improve and we actually could see even more positive operating leverage generated as a result of that?
Richard K. Davis: We do, yes. Greg, we do. In fact, one of my favorite lines around here is we might be doing really well in tough times but we're building the bank to be great in great times. That's a real important distinction because we're able to handle the kind of muted environment. But when things get good and they get good fast, when that happens, we want to be out in front. The highest debt rating in the business, the reputation we've been able to create over our service quality and some of these new businesses that have kind of rounded out the rest of the capabilities for this company are serving us really well right now. But those are the things that were really meant, I think, the kind of profitability we want in good times. So I'm quite optimistic about it. We used to call it a window of opportunity, where our high position compared to our peers, the high quality of the company, the balance sheet was serving us benefits. That window has been opened longer than I thought it would, and it's getting wider as time passes. And I might close with our staff is better now at leveraging our strength. They're more proud of the company. They're more assured that the company is distinctively performing better in most categories, and they take that story to the customer. And they do a better job of developing better relationships and getting more business. So I'm quite robust in my comments about what this will do for us when times start to get better. We just need to get over the transom of the industry until the economy warms up again.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Hagerman with Stern Agee.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. Just, Andy, going back to your comments in terms of reps and warranties, the repurchase requests remaining relatively stable. Just curious, with the settlement now and basically capturing all the vintages and the improved dialogue with the GSEs, is there a sense that -- I guess, what I'm saying or suggesting is on a go-forward basis, the requests are more in line with the production? Or alternatively, why wouldn't we necessarily see more of a decline in terms of those requests relative to these settlements and the dialogue?
Andrew Cecere: Yes. I think it's just a timing factor, Todd. So I don't expect a blip like we saw this last quarter, like we saw last year. As the vintages increase, I do not expect that, and it will work down over time. But in the short term, I think it'll just be relative relatively stable because it takes a fair bit of time for the requests to work their way through the process.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just in terms -- like your provision have kind of varied over the course of the year. Can you give us a sense of kind of where you find that kind of settling out relative to that request outlook?
Andrew Cecere: Yes. The provision blipped a couple of quarters, and the principal reason for that blip was the increase in the time frame that the GSEs were looking at. So, for example, you saw a $16 million increase this quarter. That was entirely due to that increase in vintage, the '05 and '04. So again, absent that, which I do not expect any more changes going forward, I would expect that to moderate and go downward.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just finally, on the mortgage side, one of the things that's been a focal point -- everyone's kind of -- has a good outlook in terms of at least the first half of '13. But I'm curious, specifically for U.S. Bancorp, what is being done kind of on the front end as the companies look to ramp up the production side relative to that refi, that, at some point, is going to tail off. Your servicing income continues to grow fairly steadily, but I'm just curious kind of what you're doing to prevent a more -- a significant decline in mortgage revenues on a go-forward basis, particularly as refis slow.
Richard K. Davis: Well, this is Richard. We continue to add people, so we're actually flying into the face of the wind here by continuing to believe that until the refi business is assuredly slowing, which we thought 2 years ago, we thought a year ago and I actually don't think even this year will slow. But if it did, we can handle it, for the earlier question. But we're also actually putting more into it. So until it isn't strong, we're going to be stronger. So we're putting more and more into that business, Todd, and building kind of market share value. And as I mentioned, we're also probably putting a little bit more in even than some of our peers, because we want our service quality to be tough quality. We want people to want to do business with us because they'll come back again in the future when they're looking for purchase, as opposed to a refi. We want to be a market share leader in both circumstances. And I'll tell you what you already know, but unless the refis have just absolutely hit some saturation, which they haven't so far and nobody has ever figured out how many times people can refinance a house. They seem to be able to do that endlessly. But when that happens, it's going to be probably as a result of rates starting to trip up. And when rates start to move up, there are other things in the company's balance sheet and income statement that actually will offset the loss of what would be mortgage momentum and then will turn it into a different spread on a different, more purchase-related portfolio, and we'll be getting benefits somewhere else. So it may not be an exact moment in time, but we actually see that to be a pretty good transition when that happens. But more importantly, we're adding more and more to our business and growing it right now while refis are strong and then able to turn that in a heartbeat if and when that moment comes that you've talked about.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Moshe Orenbuch with Crdit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Given what your comments about kind of revenue growth and operating efficiency and kind of slightly positioning the company for a better environment, can you talk a little bit about what areas you'd likely want to reinvest the most to drive more growth? I mean, where do you think you can be the most kind of competitive?
Richard K. Davis: So Andy teased it out a minute ago when we mentioned that we've got some business lines that are still in kind of their teenage years, our capital markets, some of our wholesale lines of business, wealth management for sure. And those investment curves are behind us, Moshe, but the benefits are still ahead of us. And in fact, in a couple of cases, they've been actually net negative to bottom line in this course of getting them to where they are now. So we've got some natural intracompany opportunities that will mature in another year. It gives them the chance, no matter what the environment is, to get better and stronger. The second thing is we're continuing to build into our technology, in our infrastructure, the mobile banking and mobile payments capability, which you know is -- everybody has a little of that, but that's one of our sweet spots. If you think about U.S. Bank a couple of years ago, you liked us for a lot of reasons, not the least of which is you like our payments business. But you should expect us now is to make that payments business more than corporate, more than government, more than merchant and more now mobile payments for all consumers. And by the recent acquisition of FSV, the prepayment company, and some of the other activities we've been doing in payments, you should expect a lot more from us there, a real leadership position. That investment curve is probably in its middle stages but already parts of it are going to start driving some benefits. And those are fee-based opportunities that don't exist today, that we haven't yet been able to bring to the income statement. So I'm quite optimistic about our own intracompany maturity and the things that we've invested in that will start coming to bear. And that's why I said we'll do well even in tough times. When times get really good, all that stuff got kind of a trebling effect, and it's all very positive.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just one other quick follow-up, and that is on a somewhat related topic. In the past, you've talked originally thinking to try to recapture the lost revenue from Durbin by pricing up your checking account product, then wanting to be more competitive. How do you see that kind of shaking out from a competitive standpoint, the core retail banking offering product in your markets?
Richard K. Davis: Yes. So we did 2 things there. We promised you that we would still get to that 50% recovery. But we told you we're not quite there, and we're not there yet. Two things have happened because we've given ourselves more time. One is we're just growing a lot more net customers. You guys don't suffer through us talking about net customers and going through that because it's a real hard number to measure and everybody can say it. So I just don't waste our time on that. But the fact is, is that our numbers would belie, in hindsight, that we are growing the company. We don't have a free checking product, which is a good thing because we do have customers now that are here on purpose. They don't have second and tertiary accounts that really don't make any money. We've established a relationship on a package basis, where we can add attributes and/or upsell them into something more reasonable, but for which they know they're buying and for which they have value for. And on top of that, we've taken the same time on consumers, and we've gotten really good at Small Business. Rick Hartnack is the Head of Consumer Banking, who's retiring next month. He actually succeeded me in running Consumer Banking and Small Business. The thing he did that I didn't do when I ran it was he took Small Business and put it on the map for our company, and we are now a very capable and an industry-leading small business provider, both checking accounts and loans and lines. And Moshe, that has been a huge benefit, kind of under the watermark. You can't see it under the surface, but it's a huge driver for the company. It is driving a big part of the closures, some of that fee business is, that we lost to Durbin or some of the CARD Act and things like that because now we just have more of those customers. And they're buying stuff, paying for it, they're aware of it and they want it. So I'm pretty excited about what that cause does to do, which was get good at more things for more people. But we're still not quite where we needed to be to recover all that fee. We'll have to do it again over the course of time. And I think mobile payment is going to -- to tie in my last question -- is going to be one of the things that will help us to derive a new revenue stream that doesn't exist today.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Kevin Barker with Compass Point.
Kevin Barker - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: How much of your residential originations were HARP in the fourth quarter?
P. W. Parker: It was about 11% again. It's been pretty stable.
Kevin Barker - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And would you expect an increase in volume due to the changes in reps and warrants provision rules that were implemented by the FHFA on January 1?
P. W. Parker: Essentially, no. I mean...
Richard K. Davis: We're not a big HARP company, and so those are small nuances for us, Kevin. But our company, based on the way we originated in the first place, we just don't have a lot of our volume attributed to that. So when you saw last year a lot of the volume in refis was HARP-related, it was a good question to ask was when does that start to slow. For us, it won't matter in the first place. It was never a big part, and those new reps and warranties and things coming out are very de minimis for us, and they're not going to change our forecast.
Kevin Barker - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: Okay. You mentioned a major increase in the servicing costs due to deregulation. Are there anything you could do or are there any mitigating factors that you can implement in order to lower those servicing costs on a go-forward basis?
Richard K. Davis: Yes. There's -- the answer is of course. And that comes in the form of getting better at it, centralizing more of it, automating more of it. But a fair amount of it is a derivative of what started out as the settlement discussion with the big 5 mortgage services, which we weren't a part of, then the consent order. And now what we're waiting for is what will be the final servicing rules that the CFPB owes everybody by January 21. Whatever those will be, I suspect they won't be any more onerous than the consent orders provided, which requires us to do very, very high-bar servicing. So, for instance as an example, the thing called single point of contact, if you were customer in a modified situation, we have to assign you a person. You get Andy Cecere. But if Andy Cecere weren't available at any time for you, then you have to know that Richard Davis will be there for you. And Andy and Richard always have to be there, 1 of the 2 of them, and if perchance they're not, then we have to make sure that Bill is there and that you know Bill is taking over. And it's very, very tedious, right? So I suspect that might be an overreaction to a consent order process to make sure that we all get something right that wasn't at the level they wanted it. So that's the kind of cost we're bearing today that weren't around a couple of years ago. And is it worth it? It's a better servicing model, I'm sure. But I think the new rules will give us kind of a steady answer. So 90 days from now on this call, ask me again and we'll tell you, looking back, what the final rules look like. I suspect they'll be more expensive than they were before rules. I suspect for our company they might actually be less than they are today because we're trying to overperform in the consent order to make sure we can get out of it.
Kevin Barker - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: So if you were to estimate the additional cost of to service a mortgage as it compares to what it was 2 years ago, would you say it's approximately double what it was? Or do you....
Richard K. Davis: No. It's probably 25% to 50% higher. So if we're double, we're out of the business because there's not much margin. But it's a new run rate that we've had in the company now for 6 quarters. So for us, it would only be upside if it were to be lesser than it is today. And if it were the same, then we're already bearing that burden, and we can manage to it because the overall business is worthwhile. But it's -- I don't expect it to get worse. So the good news for us is I think we're at a high watermark, and we look forward to, I think, some sustainable new results. And that's why it will go back to consolidating and automating and getting the rules set. Once we know it's permanent, then we can lock down a final protocol.
P. W. Parker: And it's the back-end costs that have gotten more expensive. And as the housing market improves, we see fewer and fewer people with underwater mortgages. So over time, the volumes will go down over the next 2 to 3 years.
Kevin Barker - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: But overall, you would expect core servicing expenses to be roughly -- would you say 25% to 30% higher than that what they were on a normalized basis when delinquency levels were much lower?
Richard K. Davis: Kevin, I won't give that number. I'll tell you it's not 0, and it's not 100%. I don't know what it is. We really actually don't think of it that way because we don't think we're in a permanent circumstance. So we're -- I can answer that question in 90 days when we figure out and look back on the new servicing rules. It'll be higher than it used to be. But it won't be inordinately too high and won't want to stay in the business.
Operator: That does conclude our question-and-answer session for today. I'll hand the presentation back over to management for any further comments or closing remarks.
Richard K. Davis: I just want to thank you all for giving us the support you've given us last year. Much as I wish we had some huge banner headlines to give you, I'm kind of glad we don't. I also appreciate the fact that we try to tell you what we know when we know things. Even -- when we have an opportunity for a public disclosure, we'll tell you what we see. We'll continue to refresh that in March when we get another chance to be in a public setting. And we just -- we value transparency and consistency and predictability, and we're going to continue to deliver that to you. So thank you for a good year.
Judith T. Murphy: Great. Thanks, everyone, for listening to our results. And if you do have any follow-up questions, please feel free to call myself or Sean O'Connor in Investor Relations. So thanks, and have a good day.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-17 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Judith T. Murphy - Senior Vice President, Director of Investor Relations and Analyst Richard K. Davis - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Risk Management Committee Andrew Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer P. W. Parker - Chief Credit Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Gregory W. Ketron - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Dan Werner - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorp's Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Richard Davis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Cecere, U.S. Bancorp's Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately noon Eastern Daylight Time through Wednesday, October 24, at 12:00 midnight Eastern Daylight Time. I will now turn the conference call over to Judy Murphy, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Judith T. Murphy: Thank you, Jodi, and good morning to everyone who has joined our call. Richard Davis, Andy Cecere and Bill Parker are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorp's third quarter 2012 results and to answer your questions. Richard and Andy will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of the slide presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental analysts' schedules, are available on our website at usbank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of today's presentation, in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent filings on the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard K. Davis: Thanks, Judy, and good morning, everyone. I'm very proud to share our third quarter results with you today. I'd like to begin with the highlights on Page 3 of the presentation. U.S. Bancorp recorded -- reported record net income of $1.5 billion for the third quarter of 2012 or $0.74 per diluted common share. Total record net revenue of $5.2 billion was 8% higher than the same quarter of last year, driven by a 6.1% increase in net interest income and 10.4% increase in fee revenue. Importantly, we achieved positive operating leverage on both a year-over-year and on a linked quarter basis. Total average loans grew year-over-year by 7.3% or 1.3% linked quarter or 1.6% linked quarter, excluding the impact from the sale of a credit card portfolio. We experienced strong loan growth in total average deposits of 11.1% over the prior year and 3.5% over the second quarter of 2012. Credit quality continued to improve. Although total net charge-offs increased by 3.5% over the prior quarter, they included $54 million of incremental charge-offs related to a clarification by the regulators as to the treatment of a collateralized consumer loans to consumers that have filed Chapter 7 bankruptcy but continue to make payments on their loans. Excluding this change, net charge-offs decreased by 6.9% quarter-to-quarter. Nonperforming assets, excluding covered assets, declined by 3% linked quarter. Excluding the additional $109 million of consumer assets related to the regulatory clarification, nonperforming assets declined by 7.8% from the prior quarter. We generated significant capital this quarter through earnings and ended the quarter with a Basel I Tier 1 common equity ratio of 9% and a Tier 1 capital ratio of 10.9%. Our estimated Tier 1 common ratio under the most recent Basel III rules was 8.2%. We repurchased 17 million shares of common stock during the third quarter, and consequently, we were able to return 67% of our earnings to our shareholders this quarter through dividends and buybacks. Trends in our industry-leading performance metrics are shown on Slide 4. Return on average assets in the third quarter was 1.7%, and return on average common equity was 16.5%. Both ratios are within our company's long-term goal to achieve a normalized ROA in the range of 1.6% to 1.9% and an ROE between 16% and 19%. Our net interest margin and efficiency ratio are shown on the graph on the right-hand side of Slide 4. This quarter's net interest margin of 3.59% was 6 basis points lower than the same quarter of last year and as expected, relatively stable compared with the prior quarter's rate of 3.58%. And Andy will discuss the margin in more detail in a few minutes. Our efficiency ratio for the third quarter was 50.4%, lower than both the prior year and previous quarter as we continue to manage expenses effectively. We expect that this ratio will remain in the low-50s going forward. Turning to Slide 5. The company recorded record total net revenue in the third quarter of $5.2 billion, an increase of 8% over the prior year's quarter and 2.2% higher than the previous quarter. The company's revenue benefited from growth in both our balance sheet and our fee-based business lines, and once again, mortgage banking was particularly strong. Average loan and deposit growth is summarized on Slide 6. Average total loans outstanding increased by $14.7 billion or 7.3% year-over-year. As expected, linked quarter growth in average total loans was down slightly from the previous quarter as balances grew 1.3% compared with the second quarter's linked quarter growth of 1.9%. Recall, however, that we sold the branded credit card portfolio on August 1 that totaled approximately $735 million. Excluding the impact of this sale, average total loans would have been higher by 1.6% on a linked quarter basis. Overall, excluding covered loans, our runoff portfolio, average total loans grew by 9.6% year-over-year and 2% linked quarter. The increase in average loans outstanding was primarily due once again to strong growth in commercial loans, which grew by 21.9% year-over-year and 4.2% over the prior quarter. Residential real estate loans also showed strong growth, 20.4% over the same quarter of last year and 4.6% over the prior quarter. Within the other retail loan category, home equity line and loan activity remains subdued, while auto loans and leases continues to show steady growth. We continue to originate and renew loans and lines for our customers. New originations, excluding mortgage production, plus new and renewed commitments, totaled over $45 billion this quarter. Total revolving corporate and commercial commitments outstanding increased year-over-year by 21% and 3.5% on a linked quarter basis, while utilization remained fairly consistent at approximately 25.7%. Total average deposits increased by $23.9 billion or 11.1% over the same quarter of last year and by $8 billion on a linked quarter basis or 3.5%. All of our business lines contributed to this growth. Turning to Slide 7, and credit quality. Total net charge-offs in the third quarter increased by 3.5% over the second quarter of 2012 but decreased 6.9%, excluding the $54 million related to the regulatory clarification on Chapter 7 loans. Nonperforming assets, excluding covered assets, decreased by 3% or 7.8% without the $109 million related to the Chapter 7 loans. The ratio of net charge-offs to average loans outstanding was 0.99%, essentially flat to the prior quarter, and excluding the charge-offs related to the regulatory clarification, the ratio was 0.89%. During the third quarter, we released $50 million of reserves compared with $50 million in the second quarter and $150 million in the third quarter of 2011. Given the overall quality of our portfolio, we expect net charge-offs and nonperforming assets to continue to trend lower in the fourth quarter. I will now turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks, Richard. Slide 8 gives you a view of our third quarter 2012 results versus comparable time periods. Our record diluted EPS of $0.74 was 15.6% higher than third quarter 2011 and 4.2% higher than the prior quarter. The key drivers of the company's third quarter earnings are summarized on Slide 9. The $201 million or 15.8% increase in net income year-over-year was the result of an 8% increase in net revenue and a decrease in the provision for credit losses, partially offset by a 5.4% increase in noninterest expense. Net interest income increased year-over-year by $159 million or 6.1%. The increase was largely driven by a 7.9% increase in average earning assets, in addition to strong growth and low-cost deposits and reduced rates on wholesale funding. The 7.9% growth in average earning assets included planned increases in the securities portfolio, as well as growth in average total loans and loans held for sale. As expected, net interest margin was relatively stable at 3.59% and was 6 basis points lower than the same quarter of last year, primarily due to the increase in lower-yielding investment securities, partially offset by growth in low-cost deposits and lower-cost wholesale funding. Noninterest income increased by 10.4% year-over-year. Mortgage banking revenue was strong again this quarter as production increased by over 87% year-over-year, gain on sale margins improved and servicing revenue rose. Also contributing to the favorable variance from last year were increases in trust and investment management fees and commercial products revenue. In addition, as we mentioned in early September, other income in the third quarter included a net impact to the sale of the card portfolio and a loss associated with our investment in Nuveen. These positive variances were partially offset by a 26.3% decrease in credit and debit card fees year-over-year, primarily due to legislative changes to debit card interchange. Noninterest expense was higher year-over-year by $133 million or 5.4%. The majority of the increase can be attributed to an increase in professional services, primarily due to the mortgage servicing review-related projects and higher compensation and benefits expense due to business expansion and activity. Net income was higher on a linked quarter basis by $59 million or 5 -- 4.2%. This favorable variance was a result of a 2.2% increase in net revenue, partially offset by a 3.8% increase in the provision for credit losses and a 0.3% increase in noninterest expense. On a linked quarter basis, net interest income was higher by 2.6%. Average earning assets grew by $5.2 billion, and the net interest income margin rose by 1 basis point over the second quarter, the net result of the positive impact from lower-cost wholesale funding, offset by repricing of the investment securities portfolio. The average balance of our investment securities portfolio was $72.5 billion in the third quarter, $6.2 billion higher than the third quarter of 2011 but slightly lower than the previous quarter. Assuming stable cash balances and the current Basel III liquidity requirements, we expect to maintain the investment securities portfolio at or around this level for the next few quarters. Also, given the current interest rate environment, we expect the net interest margin to be down a few basis points in the fourth quarter, principally due to the repricing risk on the investment securities portfolio. On a linked quarter basis, noninterest income was higher by $41 million or 1.7%. This favorable variance was primarily the result of growth in mortgage banking and a net positive impact from the credit card portfolio sale and the write-down of our investment in Nuveen, as well as growth in corporate payment products revenue, deposit service charges and commercial products revenue. On a linked quarter basis, noninterest expense was higher by just $8 million, primarily due to the higher commissions and incentive-based compensation, marketing and business development expense and higher tax credit investment expense, all of which were essentially offset by the favorable variance from the second quarter Visa settlement charge. Turning to Slide 10. Our capital position remains strong and continues to grow. We have included estimates of our Tier 1 common equity to risk-weighted asset ratio using the Basel III proposed rules published both before and after June 7. Based on our assessment of the full impact of the current proposed rules for the Basel III standardized approach, we have estimated that our Basel III Tier 1 common ratio was approximately 8.2% as of September 30 versus the 7.9% at June 30. At 8.2%, we are well above the 7% Basel III minimum requirement and above our targeted ratio of 8%. Slide 11 provides updated detail on the company's mortgage purchase-related expense and the reserve for expected losses on repurchases and make-whole payments. Our outstanding repurchases and make-whole payments request balance at September 30 was $180 million compared with $164 million at June 30. During the quarter of 2012 -- third quarter 2012, we added $36 million to the reserve and believe the level of reserves at September 30 is appropriate. We continue to expect mortgage purchase requests to remain fairly stable over the next several quarters. I'll now turn the call back to Richard.
Richard K. Davis: Thanks, Andy. I'm very proud to say that we once again were able to deliver a record-setting quarter. We achieved record earnings and industry-leading performance by growing our balance sheet, our customer base and our market share. We did it by achieving record total net revenue, by realizing positive operating leverage, by improving our credit quality and by maintaining strong and growing capital and liquidity positions while returning 67% of our quarterly earnings to our shareholders through dividends and buybacks. We continue to manage this company for the long term by investing in our diverse and stable mix of business, by maintaining the prudent approach to risk that has served us so well throughout this latest cycle, by providing our customers with the products and services they need to help them shape their future and reach their dreams, and finally, by supporting our employees and our communities, all while producing consistent, predictable and repeatable results for the benefit of our shareholders. That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Bill and I would now be happy to answer questions from the audience.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Erika Penala from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My question is on capital return. It seems like the banking industry, your bank, in particular, is coming into the stress test with clearly much stronger capital levels, and it feels like the global macro picture is a little bit better than it was at this point last year. Is it fair to assume for investors that strong banks like U.S. Bancorp can then continue to increase their capital return levels next year? And if not, what are the blind spots that you're seeing from your side that we're not seeing as investors in terms of that premise?
Richard K. Davis: Erika, it's Richard. I don't think there are any blind spots, but I think we all see and know the same information at this stage. Without the final rules and without the final scenario, it's still the Fed's option to decide what stress scenario they want to set us up for, and those assumptions are yet to be shared with us. And unless we learn something new at this stage, we're still operating under the guidelines we've been in the past couple of years of the dividends being limited to 30% of future near-term earnings and the rest being allowed for some form of share buybacks. Until and unless we learn different rules, we're going to operate under that assumption and wait for the final guidance that will come in the next few weeks.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And just a quick follow-up question. I know a lot of the management teams have been talking about the fiscal cliff as it impacts demand. Is there -- do you think, this is for Bill, there would be an actual impact on credit quality if the worst-case scenario in the fiscal cliff plays out on the consumer side? It's something that -- a discussion I'm starting to hear, but I guess it's not something that I've fully thought about yet.
P. W. Parker: Well, if the worst case happened on the fiscal cliff, I think it's fair to say we'd probably reenter a recession. And that would be then you'd see unemployment go up, and that would have an impact on consumer portfolio. I'm hopeful that they come to some kind of resolution, and I think the fiscal cliff was designed in such a way that it's so severe, I think it's unlikely that there won't be some political solution that cuts the middle ground and mitigates that risk.
Richard K. Davis: Erika, I think -- this is Richard. I also think when the recession started last time, there was a different quality of customers that had loans from banks. And as you think about it, 5 years later, a very high quality of customers now are remaining in the bank portfolios that either haven't been charged off or, in fact, haven't been originated. So I do think it'd be a lagging effect, certainly would be a negative effect, but I don't think it would be immediate. And I think you'd once again see the nuances of credit quality in each bank's portfolio as they would be stressed at different speeds and different depths based on the recession.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers from Sandler O'Neill.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: I'd say, I guess, Andy, probably a question for you. I mean, you guys have been able to hold in the margin pretty well, and I appreciate the color on the anticipated fee-based points of compression over the next quarter or so. And I guess just from the way you look at things, what's your sense for how long that margin compression persists? Is there some point where repricing on various pieces of the asset side just kind of get fully baked in? How are you thinking about that dynamic? And then I guess, additionally, you and others have been growing the resi mortgage portfolio for the last few quarters. Was just curious for thoughts on what kind of stuff you're putting on if there's been any change in what types of mortgages you're willing to put on just given all the variables at play.
Andrew Cecere: Okay. So first, on the margin. As a reminder, this quarter, third quarter, we improved by 1 basis point, principally due to improvement in our wholesale funding because some high debt was rolling off. We talked about that, we said it'd be relatively stable. That offset the headwind of the repricing on the securities portfolio. In the fourth quarter, we don't have as much debt rolling off, but we continue to have the headwind on the repricing -- on the securities portfolio and that's what's causing the few basis points down. What happened in the last 30 or 60 days is that sort of 2-year period to 5-year period of the yield curve, and what we're buying has come down 25 to 30 basis points. And that's the headwind we're seeing. The loan and deposit side are sort of offsetting, so my focus is on the securities portfolio. And that 2- to 5-year area is where we're focused on, and our duration is sort of closer to the lower end of that range. So that's where we're focused on for quarter 4. I'm not going to project out to next year yet because there are a lot of moving parts here and things can change rapidly as we saw the last 30 days. So a few basis points in the fourth quarter. Whatever we face in 2013 will be manageable, but that principal headwind is securities portfolio. In terms of what we're putting on the balance sheet, on our residential mortgage, it's principally a product we call Smart Refinance, which is a branch-based high-quality, typically 15-years-and-in mortgage product that, again, has originated out of our branches.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Arfstrom from RBC Capital Markets.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just a question on loan growth. You obviously had a decent quarter when you adjust for the card portfolio sale, but it looks like the commercial and the commercial real estate, the pace is a little bit slower, still good numbers. But Richard, just a question for you. Is the loan growth a little weaker than you thought? Is it normal in your view? Does it reflect an increase in borrower caution? And then maybe do you see any changes in that in terms of Q4 and beyond?
Richard K. Davis: I think the answer is yes, yes and yes. [indiscernible] lost order. I do think it's coming down. When you look at our linked quarter and you annualize that and it's lower than our full -- our real annual number. I think you'd see our company growing the books 6% to 7% on an annualized basis up until now, and I think I'm going to guide you down to 4% to 6% in the next quarter and until we know what happens after the election and the fiscal cliff. I, like Andy, we pride ourselves on giving you guys really, I think, high-quality guidance, and we don't want to go too far out when there's too many variables. I do think that is emblematic though of customers feeling less comfortable. I think it makes sense, too. I mean, we're not surprised. I wish it was higher, but I think it makes sense because you've got the near-term election uncertainty, you've got the fiscal cliff uncertainty, you've got the European recession, you've got the economy. And those are -- all those are not going to be solved imminently, but they are going to be solved eventually. So I'm going to be pleased with 4% to 6% annualized. We'll take anything we can get above that. Commercial is a great proxy for, I think, sentiment. And while it's still growing nicely, people are getting more lines than they're using, and they're still not using the lines they have. So I think that uncertainty reminds us that there's still plenty of pent-up possibility. I'll also remind you that our deposits continue to grow at amazing levels, and much as I like that, those deposits need to start getting used first. And after that, the lines of credit will get used, and then eventually, new lines will be originated and used. So we're still in a cycle so early that we haven't seen the beginning of that set of activities where the deposits start getting used for growth and for investment. So I think we're a ways off.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just one question for Bill. You touched a little bit on the consumer portfolio and what could happen under a fiscal cliff scenario, but obviously, we have $54 million of charge-offs rolling off this next quarter. And when I look at the card portfolio, those losses continue to go lower and lower. And I guess my question for you is how long can that last in the card portfolio? How low can that go? Obviously, probably going to drop under 4% this quarter, but just curious on your outlook for that in terms of how good it can get.
P. W. Parker: Well, in terms of rates, I would say, or in terms of dollars, we're probably at a low point. I mean, it's not going to get much below 4%. So that would be a great place to stay for a long period of time. So if the economy cooperates and is steady on the employment front, we'll continue to see that performance. And anything around 4%, it's extremely profitable.
Richard K. Davis: Jon, it's Richard. I'll remind you that without that $54 million, our prevailing charge-off level now is 0.89%. We continue to remind you all that based on the mix of our business, particularly with credit card in there, we think we're at 1% over the term charge-off level, and we will continue to guide that 0.89% down at least in the next quarter, I think, unless there's some surprise event. So for us, we're going to be at unsustainably low levels. In a perfect world, you could criticize us in hindsight for not having used our balance sheet better so we can stay at that 1%, but there's no way to know what was available back when times were tough. And we're going to be really underutilizing our balance sheet for a while until we can start to originate. I think the industry is going to have unsustainably low levels of charge-offs and low levels of non-performs until which time things start to warm up and then you have to watch all of us to be careful on the way up, that we don't get sloppy or get greedy and start making loans just because the environment warms up. So for now, it's going to be at levels that I wish were actually higher, but for the near term, you can expect them to trend down a bit.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin from Jefferies & Company.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask just a couple of quick questions on the fee side of things. Number one, it looks like -- while there's still growth in fees overall, it looks like some of the payments lines have slowed on a year-over-year basis from a growth rate perspective. I just -- I was wondering if you can kind of walk us through if there's any specific things that are happening within the businesses or is it more macro-related. And how do you expect these businesses to grow as we look ahead?
Andrew Cecere: Sure, Ken. This is Andy. So let me start with the credit card line. The biggest impact there is the Durbin impact to us, and that's just over $80 million on a year-over-year basis. So that's the principal change there. On the merchant line, we continue to see same-store growth of somewhere between 3% and 4%. However, the DIA or the merchant discount rate is down a little bit, principally due to mix because airlines are growing a little bit more rapidly. So that's what we're seeing there. I would expect relative stability in that rate going forward, and it's back to the growth in conjunction with same-store sales, which again right now we're looking at that 3% to 4% level.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Can you also talk a little bit about just on the commercial side as well?
Andrew Cecere: Yes. So on the corporate card side of the equation, we're seeing a little bit more of that going to margin as opposed to fee income. It depends upon the frequency and the timing of the payment of their credit card balances, and it's a little bit more rapid. So you're seeing a benefit up -- or expense a little bit more, expense up in margin, a little less bit less on the fee category. Again, I would expect that to be relatively stable on a go-forward basis.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And on the mortgage banking side, obviously, another strong quarter, even with a higher MSR impairment. Could you just give us some context of just how you expect the refi environment to play out, how your pipelines are looking for originations? And do you think '13 could be a kind of elongated process here as far as where the mortgage market is heading from an origination perspective?
Andrew Cecere: Right. So Ken, we did 21.6% -- or 20.6% in production. 65% of it was refinanced activity, 35% new. We still have a healthy pipeline on a backlog of refinance activity. And given the current rates, I would expect that the combination of refinance and our growth in taking market share and new business to allow us to have fairly healthy production well into 2013.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And then -- okay, great. And then the last real quick one is just regarding liability costs. I know, and you don't want to go into '13 guidance on NIM, but just a question just about the right side of the balance sheet. I know you have fewer debt retiring in the fourth, but you still have the rollover of what happened in part of this quarter and still kind of an all-in higher cost of wholesale borrowings. How much room do you still have as far as both wholesale cost and on core deposit cost to continue to lower interest bearing liability cost?
Andrew Cecere: Right. So on the debt runoff side, we had about $6 billion runoff in the third quarter. On a go-forward basis the next few quarters, I would expect that to be closer to $1 billion to $2 billion. So the rate of decline or runoff or rollover will certainly come down, and that will help us less but still help us. We still have a little bit of room on deposits because while the deposit rate in total is low, you have to remember, within there, there are categories that are paying well above that and categories that are paying 0 to just a few basis points. So we have a little bit of room there. And as we talked about, our loan spreads on a spread basis have been relatively stable on the wholesale side of the equation. So I think we can manage fairly effectively the loan versus the deposit side. That headwind continues to be the repricing on the securities portfolio.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Right. Because if you're putting on 4-some-things against a 40-basis-point incremental cost of deposits, you're still -- your loan versus deposit is still better than your average margin is.
Andrew Cecere: Yes, that is correct. And as you think about the securities portfolio, the way I think about it is what's running off is coming off. It's somewhere between 230 and 240 [ph]. And what we're putting on, we're being very conservative in what we're putting on. It's probably coming on 75 basis points below that. So that's the difference. And we have a runoff somewhere between $1 billion and $2 billion a month.
Richard K. Davis: Ken, this is Richard. I'm going to go back to mortgage for a minute and offer something you didn't ask. We really like the mortgage business. And we're going to continue to invest in it, and we're continuing to grow in it. We've got great market share positions, but we're also seeing a lot of other value that comes from being in the mortgage business. Eventually, this is unsustainable. These numbers aren't going to be this way forever. We know that. So we're building the future of the bank to find alternative ways to develop fee businesses and find other things through our payments and our corporate trusts. And so we're not going to rely on this forever, but as long as interest rates are low, we have a pretty robust near-term future that we think this continues at some of these same levels. Eventually, rates go up, refis will fall. They'll go quickly at first, and then they'll fall to almost nothing. And there will be a purchase money shop, and we want to still be in the top rankings of national performance in the purchase area. And when rates go up, then the balance sheet will make money in other places, and we hope that those will offset as well. But we know this is not a sustainable forever kind of position, but we're not going to forgive it or give it away. While we're in it, we're going to keep growing it. Our quality is good, our market position is good, our reputation is good and we're going to play that as far as we can at least well into next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Ketron from UBS.
Gregory W. Ketron - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Richard, you talked about continuing to pick up market share, and you guys have done a great job of taking advantage of your position through the cycle. In the current environment, are you finding it -- and it's hard to gain market share. Are you finding it continuing to be, I won't call it easy, but able to gain market share? Or are you seeing competition become more difficult on that front?
Richard K. Davis: Yes, it's a mixed bag. I mean, we're still enjoying what we call this flight to quality where, especially the more sophisticated customers from corporate down to middle market, they value those debt ratings, they value our #1 position. That means a lot to them. And so that is getting stronger actually as these quarters go by because they're valuing it and they understand the difference. As you get to the more consumer side, there's still -- much as I'd like to think that every consumer is paying attention to ratings and bank performance, they're not often, they're more measured by the quality of the relationship, the individuals that they deal with and the -- in some cases, the location. Therefore, I think we have to duke it out in the streets in the old-fashioned way for market share and earn it through customer quality and product sets and doing things like mobile banking and mobile payments and things that are cutting-edge where other companies might follow. So that's probably more a traditional way of thinking of it. I will say that on the wholesale side, we still see the retreat of the European banks giving us benefit in higher syndication positions and new involvements in deals that we weren't before. I'd also say, on the other side of the spectrum, the community banks, which used to be very, very robust and quite hard to compete with, they have been muted as well for reasons that are pretty obvious, and they're not giving us quite the same margin compression or the irrational competition we've had in past. So I'd say overall, we're enjoying this flight to quality. It actually gets stronger as the quarters age. And I guess answering your question, it probably is a little easier actually. And I'll tell you what, it darn well better be because this team, the way we're going to make money in this difficult long-term environment with rates low and yield curves flat is we're going to have to do it by market share, and that's the only way you can do it. And after all these years of all sitting around, everybody is saying we're growing market share, and you're wondering if anybody is. I think we are, and we're going to continue to make that a real reason for us to emerge eventually a strong bank when times get great.
Gregory W. Ketron - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Right. I appreciate the color. And then one question on share repurchase. I know you did $16 million in the first quarter, $13 million in the second quarter and then $17 million in the third quarter. You're authorized to do $100 million under the CCAR process. Is the way to think about it, that you've purchased $30 million of the $100 million so far under CCAR or would you look at that as more like $46 million under CCAR and you still have roughly half to go?
Andrew Cecere: I would look at it, the $30 million, quarters 2 and 3 for the most part. A little bit of the quarter 1 was under the new authorization, but very little, and part of the difference is the difference in share price. So -- and, again, as a reminder, it goes through the first quarter of 2013.
Richard K. Davis: We put our own governor on, as you recall, when the capital fell below the 8%. We withheld buybacks until we got back to that level, and now we're back at 8.2%. But I want you to know that in and above the roles and the responsibilities of CCAR, we'll do what we need to do that's right for the company, and we'll manage ourselves within those bounds to give you the right answer.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Werner from Morningstar Equity.
Dan Werner - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Could you give a little more color on the commercial loan growth? I was wondering how much came from current lines versus new customers. And then just to kind of follow up on the previous question. Have you found it more difficult to acquire new customers given what's going on in the world with the fiscal cliff and the election? And do you expect better results or better new customer growth after the election?
P. W. Parker: This is Bill. I think since our utilization has really not budged, in fact, it's still at sort of all-time lows. So the growth we see is across all of our wholesale areas. It's in the corporate area, the middle market area, even small business. So we've seen good growth across areas. It is market share. As far as the impact in the fourth quarter, reiterating what Richard said, we do see caution out there. But we think assuming we get past all the uncertainties over the next 2, 3 months, we do see a resumption of activity early next year. So we do anticipate to continue to grow our market share next year.
Dan Werner - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then a second question. In the investment portfolio, what type of securities are you adding on as securities are being called or mature?
Andrew Cecere: Principally, Freddie, Fannie and Ginnie Maes, just a very small amount of treasuries, keeping a fairly short duration in that 2-or-so year category.
Dan Werner - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. Any thoughts on when you think you may go longer duration. I mean -- or is that just kind of too far to look out given the current rate environment?
Andrew Cecere: We're trying to be very conservative about this and continue to remain asset-sensitive, and that's where we're managing the balance sheet.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I will now turn it back over to the presenters for any closing remarks.
Richard K. Davis: Well, this is Richard. Thank you for your interest in the company. I think maybe by the lack of questions, I hope you know that this is a pretty standard, almost boring quarter and a pretty boring bank. We're pretty proud of that. And I think you can count on us to continue to give you guidance in public settings to help you be close to where you expect us to be, and I think we've done that here today. And we're in an environment that's not going to be easy for anybody. But if anybody is going to do well, then it's going to be us. And we'll continue to not provide any surprises or throw anything your way that you didn't see coming. So thank you for that.
Judith T. Murphy: Great. Thanks, all, for listening to the call. And as usual, if you have any questions, please feel free to call either myself or Sean O'Connor in Investor Relations. Thanks a lot.
Operator: That concludes today's U.S. Bancorp's Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-18 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Judith T. Murphy - Senior Vice President, Director of Investor Relations and Analyst Richard K. Davis - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Risk Management Committee Andrew Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer P. W. Parker - Chief Credit Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Gregory W. Ketron - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division David A. George - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorp's Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Richard Davis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Andy Cecere, U.S. Bancorp's Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately noon Eastern Time through Wednesday July 25, at midnight. I will now turn the conference call over to Judy Murphy, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp. Please go ahead.
Judith T. Murphy: Thank you, Holly, and good morning to everyone who has joined our call. Richard Davis, Andy Cecere and Bill Parker are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorp's second quarter 2012 results and to answer your questions. Richard and Andy will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of the slide presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental analysts' schedules are available on our website at usbank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of today's presentation, in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent filings on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard K. Davis: Thanks, Judy, and good morning, everyone. We're very pleased to share our record quarterly results with you this morning, and I'll begin with the highlights on Page 3 of our presentation. U.S. Bancorp reported record net income of $1.4 billion for the second quarter of 2012 or $0.71 per diluted common share. Total net revenue was higher by 8.1% over the same quarter of 2011, driven by 6.6% growth in net interest income and 9.7% growth in fee revenue. As importantly, we achieved positive operating leverage on both a year-over-year and linked quarter basis. The total average loans grew year-over-year and linked quarter by 7.7% and 1.9% respectively, and we experienced strong loan growth in total average deposits -- strong growth in total average deposits of 10.5% over the prior year and 1.3% linked quarter. Credit quality continued to improve as net charge-offs declined by 8.9% from the prior quarter and non-performing assets decreased in total by 6.9% or 12.3% including covered assets. We generated significant capital this quarter through earnings and ended the quarter with a Basel I Tier 1 common equity ratio of 8.8% and a Tier 1 capital ratio of 10.7%. We repurchased 13 million shares of common stock during the second quarter, bringing our year-to-date share buyback total to 29 million shares. Since the beginning of the year, we have returned 62% of our earnings to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Trends in our industry-leading performance metrics are shown on Slide 4. Return on average assets in the second quarter was 1.67%, and return on average common equity was 16.5%. Our company's long-term goal is to achieve a normalized ROA in the range of 1.6% to 1.9% and an ROE between 16% and 19%. Both performance ratios are within their respective ranges. Our net interest margin and efficiency ratio are shown in the graph on the right side of Slide 4. This quarter's net interest margin of 3.58% was 9 basis points lower than the same quarter of last year and, as expected, a few basis points lower than the prior quarter. And Andy will discuss the margin in more detail in a few minutes. Our efficiency ratio for the second quarter was 51.1%, lower than both the prior year and previous quarter, and we expect this ratio will remain in the low 50s. Turning to Slide 5. The company reported total net revenue in the second quarter of $5.1 billion, an increase of 8.1% over the prior year's quarter and 2.8% higher than the previous quarter. The company's net revenue benefited from growth in both our balance sheet and fee-based business lines. And mortgage banking and payments were particularly strong this quarter. Our growth in average loan and deposit balances is shown on Slide 6. Average total loans outstanding increased by $15.3 billion or 7.7% year-over-year. As expected, linked quarter growth in an average total loans accelerated slightly from the previous quarter as balances grew 1.9% compared with the first quarter's linked quarter growth of 1.5%. Excluding covered loans, our runoff portfolio, average total loans grew by 10% year-over-year and 2.4% linked quarter. The increase in average loans outstanding was primarily due once again to strong growth in commercial loans, which grew by 23.2% year-over-year and 6% over the prior quarter. Residential real estate loans also showed strong growth, 19.6% over the same quarter of last year and 3.5% over the prior quarter. Consumer lending was more muted, with the exception of auto loans and leases, which have been showing solid growth for a number of quarters. We continue to originate and renew new loans and lines for our customers. New originations excluding mortgage production plus new and renewed commitments total over $45.5 billion this quarter. Total revolving corporate and commercial commitments outstanding increased year-over-year by 24.3% and 3.7% on a linked quarter basis, while utilization remains fairly consistent at approximately 25%. This increase in commitments, coupled with the quarter's strong commercial loan growth, indicates that we're continuing to gain market share. Total average deposits increased by $21.9 billion or 10.5% over the same quarter of last year, while total average deposits grew by $3 billion on a linked quarter basis or 1.3%. Turning to Slide 7, in credit quality. Total net charge-offs in the second quarter declined by 8.9% from the first quarter of 2012, while non-performing assets decreased by 6.9%, or 12.3%, including covered assets. The ratio of net charge-offs to average loans outstanding was 0.98%, improving from the 1.09% recorded in the first quarter and now below the 1% through this cycle net charge-off rate that we expect given the current mix of our loan portfolio. Turning to Slide 8. As the graph on the left illustrates, early- and late-stage delinquencies, excluding covered assets, improved again this quarter. On the right-hand side of Slide 8, you will see that the positive trend in criticized assets also continued. Both of these statistics provide us with confidence that net charge-offs and non-performing assets will once again trend modestly lower in the third quarter of 2012. Given the second quarter's improvement in credit quality and our expectation that this improvement will continue going forward, we released $50 million of reserves compared with $90 million in the first quarter and $175 million in the second quarter of last year. I will now turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks, Richard. Slide 9 gives you a view of our second quarter 2012 results compared to various comparable time periods. Record diluted EPS of $0.71 was 18.3% higher than the second quarter of 2011 and 6% higher than the prior quarter. Slide 10 lists the key drivers of the company's second quarter earnings. The $212 million or 17.6% increase in net income year-over-year was the result of an 8.1% increase in net revenue and a decrease in the provision for credit losses, partially offset by a 7.3% increase in noninterest expense. Net interest income increased year-over-year by $169 million or 6.6%. The increase was largely driven by a $26.2 billion or 9.4% increase in average earning assets, in addition to strong growth in low-cost deposits. The growth in average earning assets included planned increases in the securities portfolio and growth in average total loans, as well as loans held for sale, partially offset by a lower cash position at the Fed. A net interest margin of 3.58% was 9 basis points lower than the same quarter of last year, primarily due to the expected increase in lower-yielding investment securities and a decrease in loan yields, partially offset by lower cash balances at the Fed and lower deposit costs. Noninterest income increased by 9.7% year-over-year. Mortgage banking revenues was very strong again this quarter as production increased by 150% year-over-year and gain on sale margins improved. These positive variances in mortgage banking and several other major categories were partially offset by a 17.8% decrease in credit and debit card fees due to legislative changes to debit card interchange. Offsetting the impact of this unfavorable change in debit card fees was legislative-related mitigation activity, including the final elimination of the unused rewards and higher overall transaction volumes. Noninterest expense was higher year-over-year by $176 million or 7.3%. The majority of the increase can be attributed to higher compensation and benefits expense, an increase in professional services primarily due to foreclosure review and other expense, which included an accrual related to the Visa settlement. This accrual accounts for the temporary reduction interchange included in the settlement terms. Net income was higher on a linked quarter basis by $77 million or 5.8%. This favorable variance was the result of a 2.8% increase in net revenue and a 2.3% decrease in the provision for credit losses, partially offset by a 1.6% increase in noninterest expense. On a linked quarter basis, net interest income was higher by $23 million or just under 1%. Average earning assets grew by $3.7 billion, and net interest margin was, as expected, 2 basis points lower than the prior quarter, as the negative impact from the repricing of the investment securities portfolio and slightly lower loan yields were offset by a reduction in cash balances at the Fed and the positive impact from repricing of maturing debt. The average balance on our investment securities portfolio was $73.2 billion in the second quarter, $10.2 billion higher than the second quarter of 2011 and $1.7 billion higher than the previous quarter. During the second quarter, we transferred approximately $12 billion of securities from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity, reflecting our intention to keep these securities until maturity and subsequently reducing the volatility of OCI going forward. Assuming stable cash balances and the current Basel III liquidity requirements, we expect to maintain the investment securities portfolio at or around this level for the next few quarters. Also, given the net interest rate environment, we expect net interest margin to be fairly stable in the second half of 2012, as repricing pressure on the securities portfolio is offset by the benefit of a reduction in funding cost as higher-cost debt matures and is replaced by lower-price debt and/or deposits. On a linked quarter basis, noninterest income was higher by $116 million or 5.2%. This favorable variance was primarily the result of strong growth in payments and mortgage banking as well as increases in the majority of other fee categories. On a linked quarter basis, noninterest expense was higher by $41 million or 1.6%, primarily due to the Visa settlement accrual and mortgage servicing review project, partially offset by lower marketing business development expense. Turning to Slide 11. Our capital position remains strong and continues to grow. We have included estimates of our Tier 1 common equity-to-risk-weighted asset ratio using the Basel III proposed rules published both before and after June 7. Based on our preliminary assessment of the full impact of the proposed rules for the Basel III standardized approach released for comments in June, we have estimated that our Basel III Tier 1 common equity ratio was approximately 7.9% at June 30 versus the 8.4% estimated at March 31 under the prior proposal. The reduction in our estimated ratio was primarily the result of an increase in risk-weighted assets under the newly proposed rules of approximately 7%. At 7.9%, we are both well above the 7% Basel III minimum requirement but slightly below our targeted ratio of approximately 8%, which includes a cushion for a yet-to-be-defined SIFI buffer and our own internal buffer. We expect to reach our target ratio during the third quarter. Slide 12 provides updated detail on the company's mortgage repurchase related expense and the reserve for expected losses on repurchases and make-whole payments. Our outstanding repurchases and make-whole request balance at June 30 was $164 million, compared with $134 million at March 31. As you may recall, we increased our mortgage reps and warranty reserve in the first quarter of 2012 in response to changes we had seen in the GSE sampling method. During the second quarter of 2012, we accrued $45 million and believe the level of reserves at June 30 is appropriate. We continue to expect mortgage repurchase requests to remain fairly stable over the next several quarters. I will now turn the call back to Richard.
Richard K. Davis: Thanks, Andy. So to conclude our formal remarks, let me turn your attention to Slide 13. The momentum continues this quarter and hopefully beyond. We grew our balance sheet and customer base and we gained market share. We grew net revenue, we achieved record earnings and industry-leading performance metrics for the quarter, as well as positive operating leverage. We continue to invest in our businesses, and we saw our credit quality continue to improve. Our capital and liquidity positions remain strong and they're growing. And we've returned 62% of our earnings year-to-date to our shareholders through dividends and buybacks. Our company continues to invest for the long term in our diverse and stable mix of businesses, products and services and in our employees and in the communities that we serve. Consistent, predictable and repeatable. Our straightforward approach to doing business has allowed to deliver industry-leading performance and returns to our shareholders, and we look forward to doing more of the same during the rest of 2012 and the years to come. That concludes our formal remarks, Andy, Bill Parker and I will be happy to answer questions from the audience.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Erika Penala, Bank of America.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My first question is for Andy. Could you walk us through, in terms of the components, margin stability for the back half of the year? And I guess, my more detailed question underneath that is, could you give us a sense of how much debt is maturing in the second half and at what rate and what replacement rate you're assuming, as well as, I notice on an end-of-period basis, the cash balances were actually up, what size bond portfolio you're assuming for the rest of the year?
Andrew Cecere: Okay, Erika. So the key moving parts are the negative is the investment securities reinvestment risk, and the offset to that is the debt repricing, which will be at a lower cost, replaced by either additional debt issuance and/or deposits. The differential of those 2 things is essentially causing us to be -- to have an expectation of neutrality in net interest margin for the rest of the year. In terms of the cash balance, Erika, any day there's fluctuations in that cash balances. And I'd like to look at it more at the average for the quarter, which was down from about $4 billion in the first quarter to about $1.5 billion in the second quarter. And again, the level of loan growth and deposit growth is fairly stable, as you saw in the second quarter. So I would expect a little movement around that but not substantial.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: You don't happen to have the dollar number of the debt maturing and the rate at which it's maturing for the second half of the year, do you?
Andrew Cecere: I do have that. In the second quarter -- in the third quarter, we have about $6 billion maturing, and I would say the debt that's coming off versus what's coming on is favorable right around 100 basis points.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And my last question before I step away from the queue relates to CCAR. I guess perhaps it's too early to tell, but now that the NPR proposal is out, do you anticipate that the CCAR is going to take into account Basel III ratios rather than Basel I when thinking about approving capital return for the banks next year?
Andrew Cecere: Well as you know, Erika, the last CCAR actually took into consideration both Basel I and Basel III. It was Basel III under the stressed environment and -- Basel I under the stressed environment and Basel III under sort of the glide path. And I would expect a similar sort of set-up constraints in the new one next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Arfstrom, RBC Capital Markets.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: A question for maybe Richard or Bill on Slide 7, the credit trends. Richard, you've talked about this concept of the industry over-earning in the past.
Richard K. Davis: Yes.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And just curious if you'd be willing to take a stab at going below 1%. How long does this phenomenon last and how low can the charge-offs potentially go for the company? Just kind of big picture would be helpful.
Richard K. Davis: Yes. I'll start and Bill can clean up. The 0.98% is about where I thought we'd be right about now because in the last few years, we and the others have not been taking much risk on lending, which is probably, at end of the day, what we are supposed to do but have to be very careful. I think that we stay below 100 basis points for a few quarters just because the math of it says that we don't have any loans that would be coming to some point of stress, I dont believe, in the next couple of quarters based on our prudent underwriting of the last year or so. I will say, you'll remember that we have a credit card, fairly important credit card book, that does affect our overall ratios, and that's probably the one that's coming now to its most nearest bottom, where it'll start to move up probably sooner than the rest of the portfolios. But for the rest of it, I think we're going to stay under 1 for a while. My hope is that based on appropriate accounting trends that we can continue to have a certain level of unallocated reserves remaining so that we don't find ourselves releasing reserves to a point of unsustainable performance only to have to build them back as things start to move up. I'll also close by saying I don't think the 0.98% falls to anything like 0.5 or 0.6. I think it floats around the high 8s and high, midpoint 9s, but it probably eventually gets above 1. And I'll actually be looking forward to that because that means we've been optimal in doing the right risk/reward balance and making sure that we're taking the right risks and rewards for our customers. But I would say it's another few quarters and not very aggressive in its movement from here. Bill, do you want to add?
P. W. Parker: Yes, I'll just say, John, that how long it stays below 1 and how low it goes is in a large part a function of how strong the economy is. If it stays at this very moderate growth level, that's positive. But we wouldn't necessarily see that loss rate go way down, given the continued high unemployment rate. But if we do enter into a very robust economic growth and see unemployment go way down, see loan growth go way up, then clearly, we could get a much lower rate. But a large part of it remains a function of the economy.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just to follow up on that, obviously, the pipelines are strong. But are you sensing any incremental borrower caution or any potential changes in activity between now and the end of the year?
Richard K. Davis: Yes, a little bit. This is Richard. I like to characterize things in quarters. So I think quarter 4 was a pretty strong ending as it related to our customers' sense of things. Quarter 1 remains strong for a quarter at the beginning of the year. And then quarter 2, I'd say the last month that quarter 2 started to taper off a bit in terms of appetite for risk. No surprise, but as you think about it, we're getting close to a number of moments. We're coming close to the election. We're coming closer to the fiscal cliff decision. We're certainly not getting better news from Europe as it relates to the confidence of our customers. And then the economy isn't strengthening. It's not falling apart, either. It's just not getting better. So I would say that we saw slight tempering in the end of quarter 2, and I think we'll continue to see that between now and the solution that is in the opting [ph] for any of those outcomes, particularly the election, the fiscal cliff, which at least have deadlines on them as we all know. For us, as it relates to our loan growth, we're 1.5% linked quarter in quarter 1, 1.9% for quarter 2. Our current forecast shows us pretty steady to that level where we've been right now. So I dont think we're going to see a ramp up, but we're certainly not seeing things go backwards. But our customers' behavior, both on their continued decision to take on commitments that they are not using and their caution in not extending themselves in places that they're not comfortable continues to remain. And that story is kind of just more of the same, with a slightly negative bias to their confidence.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers, Sandler O'Neill.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: I guess a couple of questions. First just generally on mortgage. Another pretty strong quarter, and you guys obviously have beefed up in that business pretty considerably over last couple of years or few years. So just curious, anecdotally your thoughts on how long it can stay strong given the rate environment and any additional opportunities you might see there.
Richard K. Davis: Yes. This is Rich. I'll go first. We know that this is an unsustainable moment in time because refis are so robust. They're about 2/3 of our originations right now. And with interest rates this low, they're not going to stay there forever. So we're going to continue to enjoy the benefits that accrue to a high-quality producer like we are with a good brand, and we're not going to withhold any opportunities that come along. But we're not building this church for Easter. There are number of things we're doing to make sure that we have the right people and the right processes in place. But we're also building with a certain level of temporariness as things will eventually start to flatten out. I think our market share will continue to grow as it has as much for our own efforts as it has been the changing in the marketplace. And I think in the future, say, 3 years forward, when there is a more normalized environment, we should have very significant market share of a more traditional new home market business for which we will build an infrastructure that can withstand that and grow with it but not put ourselves over our skis at moments like this, where it's probably not sustainable. I'll have Andy talk a little more about the margins we're getting right now. And you're right, the pipeline is strong in quarter 3. It looks a lot like quarter 2.
Andrew Cecere: Right. So you know, as Richard mentioned, about 70% of our activity in the first quarter was refinancing, and that dropped to low 60s in the second quarter. Gain-on-sale margins fell a bit from about 2.30% to about 2.18% from quarter 1 and quarter 2. So our expectation for quarter 3 is a similar volume, perhaps a little bit of further pressure on gain-on-sale margins. And then again, fourth quarter is going to depend a little bit about where rates are at that time.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. It's helpful. I appreciate that. And I just wanted to ask another question. You guys are in the journal, I guess it was yesterday or today on that Los Angeles lawsuit. And you've talked about sort of the market confusion regarding being a trustee versus actually owning some places when these lawsuits come up. I was just curious if you had any thoughts on that most recent one?
Richard K. Davis: Yes. I do. Besides the fact that I hate it, is the -- we don't own any of those properties. And it's a classic case of misinformation and the confusions created by the role of the trustee. The trust owns these RMBS. But in turn, they're owned by the investors, and we have a limited duty as a trustee. And in fact, we don't have any rights to go in and touch the properties. And while that doesn't pass the test in the public jury, it is accurate and it's the way the trustees were built. We have in this particular case since they had their bully pulpit yesterday for wholly incorrect information. I guess I have mine now to say that none of the information that they have provided was accurate. We've been working with them for 18 months to try to understand what they really wanted, and we're even willing, above the duties of our responsibility, to connect with the servicers and help try to figure out where these properties are falling into disrepair and to no avail. For the record, we have 46 of those properties in LA County, for which they were actually -- we can get our hands on, and U.S. Bank owns only 18 properties outright in the LA County that are foreclosed, and every single one of them, with pictures to evidence, are in good shape and in great repair. So we will continue to manage this through the courts and do our good duty of making sure that people understand the role of the trustee. But I think at this point, it's disappointing but it's not altogether surprising because, if it's not here, it's sometimes in bankruptcies or other places where the bank gets tagged as the owner or the creator of the problem, and we just have to go back through the right courses to explain our position. And usually we dont have to do that after a press conference, but we will have to do that this time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin, Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Richard, I was wondering if you give us a little more color on other parts of the loan book. I noticed that commercial mortgage grew a little faster this quarter. If you can walk us through that. And also your appetite for continuing to build the residential mortgage portfolio. I know it's a relatively still small percentage but just from an asset liability perspective, if you can give us some color on that.
Richard K. Davis: Yes, a little color on all of it. So our loan growth in the C&I market business was actually strong, and I'm happy to report across the board 6% linked quarter, and it was all the way from small business, including SBA, up to middle-market and all the way up to large corporate. In terms of markets, we said last time and we'll say it again, we're not seeing a real distinction across geographies except in commercial real estate, where the coasts are stronger for reasons that make sense, I think, than some of the markets in the Midwest. Our investment in all these businesses can continue to be attractive to me because it's an opportunity for us to slightly and quietly move market share get opportunities with business with other customers we haven't had before it. Namely, on the more corporate side, I would say our growth is first and foremost, our own new marketing efforts and being more -- invited to more opportunities, including syndicated deals and now the chance with Capital Markets to lead many of those deals. Second in order would be our own customers giving us more of their business, and third, and probably the diminishing level from prior quarters, would be the benefit of the European banks starting to retreat. In the other parts of the market it's just old-fashioned market share and customers giving us more business. And in Commercial Real Estate, it happens to be a business we're very good at. We have, as you know, from stress test results to prior quarters review, we have a very good book and an amazingly strong team. So that probably is a place where without a European benefit so much, we've been getting invited to a lot more opportunities because I think we said no to a lot of people in the last cycle, and as much as they might have hated it then, they're back saying, "Look, you said no when it was easier to say yes and the fact is I suspect you're going to take care of me all the time because your best interest must be mine, so let's sit down and talk." And I'm going to continue to see growth in Commercial Real Estate, which is what I think you're seeing a bit latent. CRE is always late, last in and last out, and I think we're getting the benefit that we saw with C&I a couple of quarters later. So Bill, I'll stop there and turn it to you in terms of more color around the loan book.
P. W. Parker: Yes. In terms of the mortgage, obviously, there's not a lot of construction activity other than multifamily. We do have a fairly robust multifamily construction pipeline. But on the mortgage side, we have a lot of large institutional customers, a lot of REITs. There's been a lot of repositioning of Class A properties, and we're more than willing and able to provide financing to those institutional clients for that mortgage category.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Got it. My second question, just to put it to the deposit side for a second. Continued good growth, and I'm just wondering, is it from new customer adds? Are you seeing any flight-to-quality benefit? And also just a little color on this broker/dealer list that you saw on the large time deposit category?
Andrew Cecere: Yes. It's across all those categories. We're seeing good growth in our retail customer base across the branches and savings account principally. The DDA growth is principally driven by wholesale as well as our Corporate Trust business, which is a great source of DDA deposits. And we have a very robust broker/dealer group that will have fluctuations up and down. But from a core basis, in terms of long-standing deposits, those are growing across the board.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And last little nitpicky one, just the professional services was up on some mortgage-related stuff that's been elevated in the past. Can you just explain that and then talk about like is this going to be just a continued kind of elevated type of expense that we're going to have to deal with just until all of the stuff is settled out?
Andrew Cecere: Yes, Ken. So that is principally due to the mortgage consent order review that many banks are facing. It's a third-party review that's going on. It cost us just over $50 million in the second quarter. We would expect a similar level in the third quarter and then start to fall off in quarter 4 and going into 2013.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Ketron, UBS.
Gregory W. Ketron - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Richard, maybe a question for you on the Visa MasterCard litigation and maybe your view on that. It looked like you have accrued some charges for the quarter. But maybe how the settlement plays out for U.S. Bancorp, especially given the fact there could have been a larger negative overhang as the year progressed. And now it looks like, for the most part, it has been resolved.
Richard K. Davis: Yes. So I'll talk about a settlement that seemingly nobody likes. After 7 years, you would have thought we got that right. As you know, we are not a party to that directly, but we are influenced by the outcome. And in fact even if we were a party, we would have been allowing Visa and MasterCard to do our bidding. In this case, I think the settlement itself was acceptable because first and foremost, we have, like other banks, have a great deal of money reserved for this particular lawsuit for many years especially once they both became public companies. And that money for the most part was used for this and that's what we wanted it to be used for. The overhang of 10 basis points for 8 months, as you can see, we accrued for that, so that's now behind us. I do worry that it might pierce the veil in terms of what merchants will want to do on month 9. So I think we need to keep our eyes open and make sure that, that satisfies the Court's requirement. And we will also have 8 months to see whether that money actually does get passed along to consumers or to retailers or where it goes. And then probably the trump card, Greg, biggest issue is the surcharging and the permission now that's granted. As you know, AMEX doesn't have that opportunities. So it will be interesting to watch between those issuers, between MasterCard and Visa versus AMEX, how that plays out. And I do think it's very interesting and provocative to see what kind of actions the retailers will take because typically surcharging is a negative feeling and impact to consumers, and I would suspect that most of them probably won't jump on it. Lastly, and you know what I've read, but there -- it's not final. They still have an opt-out opportunity, so it'll be interesting if all the large merchants and some of the chains of, say, the fast food chains or the convenience store chains, all accept this or not because it may in part be just a starting point to the continuing saga that's now 7 years old. So I dont expect it to be conclusive. I think we have a lot to watch. I actually appreciate the extra time we'll have even over the holidays to see how this all plays out. And it's not going to be hugely material to U.S. Bank. We're also an acquirer so at the end of the day, there is some counter hedging benefits to whatever the solution is. But I think it's a very instructive to watch. And it's very different than Durbin. It had nothing to do with congressional oversight. It had nothing to do with customers weighing in on it. This is a retailer versus card business, and I think it's got probably halfway through the game. We'll see how it goes in the next couple of months.
Gregory W. Ketron - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. I appreciate your insight. And Andy, on margin, when you look at the average cost of interest-bearing deposits, it was down about 43 basis points for the second quarter. Do you think there's appreciably more room to down price as we work our way through the rest of this year and into 2013?
Andrew Cecere: Yes, Greg, there's some room. You think about that average, that includes some deposits that are very low. Some are between 3 and 5 basis points, and then some are well above the 40 basis points. And the opportunity would be for those set of deposits that are above 40, and we still have some room there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marty Mosby, Guggenheim.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: I had a question -- 2 questions about this overall economic activity. If you're looking at -- just curious on Page 6. If you look at the deposit growth and you kind of work from third quarter to second quarter, we're seeing deposit growth go from 18% down to 10.5%. On the other side, you got loan growth growing up from 5% to almost 8%. So the gap between those, while we're not seeing a big shift in dollars, the growth rate gap is closing. That's gone from about 13% down to about 3%. And I just know given the kind of position you all have in the marketplace and the growth that you're seeing on the revenue side, do you think that this is related to kind of some underlying tones to the economic activities?
Andrew Cecere: As we talked about, Marty, your observation is correct. The differential between loan growth and deposit growth is condensing so that they're almost at the same level now. So we are at the 1.09% and the 1.3% on a linked quarter, and in fact, flipping to loan growth being a little higher. So there was a period last year where there was very limited loan activity and tremendous deposit activity as particular corporations were building liquidity on their balance sheet, and effectively on our balance sheet. That seems to have slowed and sort of leveled out. So there's more of a balance right now, and that is sort of what we're anticipating going into the third quarter.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: And so it's not really the quick shift that we've seen in the past but maybe there's a slow boil that's kind of going on underneath?
Andrew Cecere: Yes. It isn't a massive change all in one quarter, but it is over many quarters shifting a little bit. That's correct.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Would you also say given your transaction processing business, what are you seeing in the activity levels there? Is it encouraging at all? Or is -- we had a nice uptick this quarter from seasonality, but how was that relative to your expectation?
Richard K. Davis: I'd say that in terms of same-store sales, Marty, we have both a good view of the whole domestic market and even a little peek into Europe given our position over there. But year-over-year sales for our Elavon business was up 2.2% and primarily led by government, financials and apparel. Without the airlines, which is a huge portfolio for us, it's up almost 3%. On the negative side, furnishings, consumer purchases and entertainment were on the downside, are negative. So what you're seeing is I think the reduction of a long, torturously long recession with a slow recovery, where people are spending on what they have to spend on but they're probably still lagging on spending on the more discretionary benefit. And for us, the 2.2% year-over-year growth is pretty much what we thought it would be and expecting it to probably be settling into the summer months, somewhere in that same range, not getting much better, not getting much weaker. And consumers are less affected by those issues I mentioned earlier like the election and the fiscal cliff. But as we get closer to those points in time, for better or for worse, they'll start to become more engaged in that dialogue and their actions and behaviors may be affected by it. But for now, we think it's pretty steady state.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: And just last question detail, you mentioned Visa accrual in a couple of places. In the press release, you say that noninterest expense was up $41 million primarily due to Visa. Can you -- what was the actual number for the Visa accrual this quarter?
Andrew Cecere: $65 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Hagerman, Sterne Agee.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Richard, I have a couple of questions just in terms of the loan growth. One, in terms of the Commercial Real Estate, and you specifically referenced the multifamily opportunity pipeline. But I'm curious obviously you have more room to grow that portfolio relative to the overall size. And I'm just curious as you think about your risk balance, if you will, how do I think about just kind of that risk balance and the ongoing growth in Commercial Real Estate, multifamily in particular, how much -- where are you in terms of pricing and kind of thoughts in terms of where you want that portfolio to go, all else being equal?
Richard K. Davis: First of all, let me remind you that historically, gosh, you can go back probably a decade, we've always had a fairly large Commercial Real Estate book. So in any point in time, I'm not worried about the size of that as it compares to the size of our total assets. So we're comfortable with that because we're good at it. I have the same management team for 19 years running that business, and so I would take more opportunity, like you said. But let me jump on one thing -- multifamily. We're not always a bellwether, but we had a strong opinion 2 quarters ago, first part of the year. We felt new construction, strong as it is, is risky in overheated markets. And we've been actually walking away from deals in certain markets where we think that the total housing stock is going to be too high once you put the foreclosed properties back into the marketplace and you have what has yet to be built multifamily. So you might be disappointed or impressed, I dont know which, but we're not engaging in some of those opportunities in overheated markets particularly like Boston and Chicago, but we just think it's just too risky. So we're passing on opportunities not because the credit quality doesn't look good today. We just think that the future as we see it isn't going to be strong enough to account for it. You've got other categories, though. New housing sales, we're at historic lows and we'll continue to be light, and we're going to continue to participate with the only high-quality national builders. Office buildings, new constructions continue to be limited. Vacancy rates in the big cities are about 15%, ranging from 7% to 20%. And major suburban markets were even worse, more like 15% to 20%, so there's not a lot there but to work with your current customers, refi them or take higher position. On the retail side, there's new construction, which is virtually nonexistent unless you're building a next phase or a fill-in to finish off a project. Hotels and motels are experiencing pretty good trends right now, but new construction is still limited. Industrial, limited by the same views that C&I customers are when they're not sure what we're going to need in the future. And as I said earlier, the coasts are stronger than the middle of the country, where we have a lot of our business. So for us the growth you're seeing is an extension of invitations by customers that we've not worked with before and current customers, reducing the number of banks they're using and giving us first shot in many cases to have a higher position. Nothing magic but there's no -- I have no guard rails on this one. If the right business is there, I trust this group and our underwriting to take all that they can. I'm not concerned about the concentration, but I'm also telling you, we're not going to get probably half as much as we could have because we simply don't think it's strong enough right now to get that deep into that business.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. I am assuming again within that portfolio, you haven't changed kind of the underwriting standards in terms of what you traditionally required in the past, as you mentioned.
P. W. Parker: No, I mean, This is Bill, no we -- short answer: no, we haven't changed our underwriting standards.
Richard K. Davis: By the way -- by the way, anywhere.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And then I'd just segue into the card portfolio. Again, stabilizing credit metrics over the last couple of quarters. If you could just kind of give us an update in terms of where you think that portfolio is headed at this point, if you're doing anything different from a marketing or point-of-sale customer contact position?
P. W. Parker: One of the efforts we have, which has been very successful, is telling through the branches. So we've -- obviously we've always had direct mail as a source, but we've made a point of improving our originations out of our retail branches. That gets a very high-quality customer, one that we can provide other products and services to. So that's one change we've really focused on, especially this year. And in terms of just the outlook, I mean, the credit conditions are obviously very favorable for cards right now. It's a competitive market, but the credit outlook is very strong.
Richard K. Davis: And so -- this is Richard, but we're not going to go downstream on that line. We're not going to sub-prime or near prime. We're just not going to do that. And that's probably a lot of opportunity, and I'm not even saying those doing it are making a mistake, if they get paid for. We're simply going to stay in the very prime and, as much as we can, customer-generated business, where we know our customer and that we believe that they would think that relationship is strong enough to make it first among few to be paid back. So I see it as a growth business. Our group is very good at it. We'll continue to extract more opportunity from the customers we have, but I'm not going to go into an underwriting game here to try to improve the volume.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Yes. The point that I was just trying to make was you're kind of within your normalized band now today. I'm just kind of more curious in terms of do you see more the growth opportunities staying within that band?
Richard K. Davis: Yes. And so I think the answer is, within that band, yes, but not to extend the band to get more.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nancy Bush, NAB Research.
Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division: Sort of a big question for you. I don't know if you listened to the Bernanke testimony yesterday. But one of the senators went through this long litany of evil deeds associated with the banking industry, including LIBOR and blowing up hedges and everything else, many of which are not directly applicable to you but unfortunately your company gets caught in that same web. But I think more ominously, we're hearing from a lot of investors who are just looking at the returns from the banking industry over not just the past several years but a very long term and just saying, you know what, the returns haven't been there. How do you remedy this? And how do you get your company out of this? "It's a bank, therefore, I dont want to invest in it" kind of psychology that seems to be developing pretty quickly here?
Richard K. Davis: Yes. That's a big question. And I saw parts of the testimony. If there was a long rambling senator, I probably checked out. But I will tell you the way for us to tell the story for U.S. Bank and it does derive to the entire industry eventually, but the thing you got to love about a bank, and you hate about a bank, but you love that it's an annuity, technically and literally an annuity. And unless you have big surprises, which what we're dealing with in the last couple of years, you really can pretty much bank on it, pun intended. But you know this. I mean, you've got -- you can't kill it and you can't change its course very quickly because the loan book and the deposit book move fairly slowly. But first of all you've got to ring-fence the risk and describe to your investors what those risks might be and convince them in a way you didn't used to that you have your handle on the risk and that you're not willing to take additional risks for rewards that are unsustainable. The second thing for the U.S. Bank story, and I'm preaching to the choir here, is that the derivative of our income, 50% or thereabouts, is coming from fee businesses like trusts and like payment businesses, also serves as kind of a buffer against the vagaries of interest rates and market perception. We hear only have half as much about what Bernanke is thinking about interest rates as somebody else because while they're all affected by the economy, you and I both know we have these other cylinders that provide us with this fee business, which is less consistent but also has a whole lot less variability. So ours is to tell the story of the composition of earnings, to talk about the simplicity of the business, remind them of the annuity function of it, identify the risks, call them out, ring-fence them, and let people know that we've got a pretty good handle on it and always be straightforward and as consistent as we can be. And when we have to guess -- prove that we were as close to right as possible so that next time we guess, you're going to trust it. I will say that as a ring-fence stat. [ph] The second piece goes for the industry, Nancy, I don't know that I'll be here long enough for the industry to get its legs back and the reputation it probably used to have. We have done a lot of studies. We know that people love their bankers. That's who they pick. They actually like their bank, that's what they pick. They actually hate this industry because they've been told to hate it. And every once in a while there's another break-in in the neighborhood that doesn't help. So I think we have to work from the bottom up and let each bank rehabilitate its own relationship with its customers. Eventually that will pass through. And I think high tide helps everybody. And when the economy does get better, and it will, and the banks can prove themselves to be the catalyst to that big recovery, a situation which we used to do and I think we will, just de facto be one of the reasons for it, then I think a lot of that criticism starts to fall away, and a future senator in a future hearing won't feel the need to pick on a bank for the popularity of beliefs but actually might actually thank the bank for having been there when they need it to be. But that's years away. So in the meantime, we'll mind our own business, tell our own story and cross our fingers.
Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division: Yes. This story that's in L.A. is sort of demonstrative that it's nebulous, it's not true, but these municipalities feel that they can throw that out there and get some bucks in turn from some settlement somewhere. And as we look at the Wells Fargo settlement, we see that actually does work. I mean, how long do you think it's going to take this stuff, specifically around your company, to go away? Is it just a residual of the housing crisis and when the housing crisis turns, that kind of stuff finally goes away?
Richard K. Davis: I think the housing crisis is the original issue, but let's agree that it's basically an economy. So the weak economy causes the City of LA to have a city attorney looking for places to raise up revenue. And what they're asking us to do there is change the legal bounds upon which a trustee's responsibility because they can get to the original servicers. So the housing is the reason for the topic, and frankly, people forget that there are 3 places where people own houses. There are the GSEs, by far the majority. There are the banks that own them outright, which people spent all their time on. And then there's this private group of trusts that own the RMBSs, and no one can get to them. And there's no construct to get that group together. It's like a bad co-op getting together for their annual meeting in Apartment 16B. I mean, you can't get them together to identify where they can agree to reduce the value of their trusts in order to get the houses onto the market. So they're going to go through another door. I should only hope that it doesn't impede the original goal of the trustee because if the changes the rules of what that means, then I don't know that anybody would want to be a trustee if all the responsibility falls to them eventually through some eyes of the law, and so far that hasn't happened. But I think answering your question I think as long as the economy is weak, everybody, everywhere will seek a place where there might be a deeper pocket to try to find an opportunity, even if it's not legal, to raise the specter of question and try to find some opportunity. I'm not a settler, I don't like to settle much at all because I think right is right and I'm a fairness doctrine guy. At the end of the day, I'll settle if it's better for my shareholders, but not at all in the first, second or third pass because it's just wrong if it's not right. And so we'll hold on a little longer to make sure we get treated fairly at the end of the day. We'll do what's right at the end. I'll tell you, Nancy, this a multiyear issue, and we'll probably face this and many others we haven't heard from yet as an industry for the next couple until the economy is assuredly on its feet and doing well again.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo, CLSA.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I think you've talked some about the interest rate environment but you could elaborate more? How much more negative impact could there be if rates stay at these unexpectedly low levels.
Andrew Cecere: Well, Mike, this is Andy. We're expecting them to stay at this level for the rest of the year certainly, and that is the environment for which we're projecting relatively stable net interest margin because again, the headwind of the reinvestment risk on the securities portfolio is essentially offset by the opportunity on the reestablishment of our debt at a lower cost. And those 2 things right now as far as we can see the rest of this year stabilize our margin to today's levels.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: But more generally, if over the next 3 years we have the rate curve the way it is today, are you half done with the pain or you expect a lot more pain for you or for the industry? Because one bank yesterday said, well, it's all done. It's all in the numbers and these low rates shouldn't hurt anymore. Whereas I thought you gave one presentation saying, oh no, it could actually hurt some.
Andrew Cecere: Yes. So Mike, for the rest of the year, again, it's stable. If this exact rate environment went into next year I think for us and for industry, it will be a little bit of a negative bias because the yield curve is relatively flat. Low rates are at the low, and the short end rates are as low as they're going to go. And we are, as you know, positively biased to an increase in rates. We're asset-sensitive, so we would benefit from an increase in rates or a steeper yield curve. I dont think it's material next year if it stays at the current level, but there's a negative bias.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And longer term, you go 2 or 3 years out?
Andrew Cecere: I would have the same answer.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: So not material, though?
Andrew Cecere: Continued negative bias but not hugely material.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And then separately, as far as acquisitions, what's your appetite? One thing you can do on an environment with some revenue headwinds is cut more costs or buy other banks. Where do you stand on that?
Andrew Cecere: Well, we always look at opportunities that are presented. I will tell you that right now it's a fairly quiet environment in terms of M&A. There isn't a lot of activity going on from the traditional bank standpoint. What you've seen us in the past look at are small corporate trust transactions, payments transactions, that's both on a merchant acquiring side as well as the card issuing side, and those types of things are always in the works. None of them are huge and material, but those are the types of things we're focused on.
Richard K. Davis: And Mike, we have all the powder we need, both time, energy and capital, if we want to go after something. So it's not an issue of not wanting to. We just don't have anything that's out there we like. And we look at a lot of things and turn them down because the price points aren't very attractive. I think you'll see between now and the end of the year a number of payments and/or corporate trust deals that won't register at headline level but they'll continue to be the calling together of opportunity that we think present itself for scale and/or efficiency in markets and we're going to continue to deliver those to you all. But in terms, as Andy said, of traditional bank deals, they're simply not out there at the level we like and we're not reaching for them because we don't need them.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David George, Baird.
David A. George - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Question on capital. You bought back looks like 13 million shares. You returned over 50% again of your earnings to shareholders on the quarter. I notice you released kind of your estimate of the new Basel guidelines at 7.9%, using that math. Does that make you think any differently about buybacks? Are you -- does that change your view on returning capital near term?
Andrew Cecere: Sure. This is Andy. We, as you know, the new rules came out in June 7. On June 7, as we worked through the new rules, we paused our buybacks for the remainder of the second quarter. The new rules resulted in about a 7% increase in our risk-weighted assets. We are bound by the standardized approach because our capital ratios would actually be better or higher under the advanced approaches. So we're bound by the standardized. We -- as you also -- as we also talked about, moved about $12 billion from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity in our securities portfolio because we intend to hold those securities and because it reduces the volatility. So given all that, our target capital ratio under the new calculation is approximately 8%. And as you mentioned, we're at 7.9%, so we expect to be there in the third quarter and expect to continue to go back to the buyback program in the third quarter.
Richard K. Davis: So let me -- this is Richard. Let me just make it easier. I'll do the math for you. Last quarter, we're at 8.4% Tier 1 under Basel III, and we've stated our goal of 8.15%. That 8.15% was 7 plus 0.5 for a buffer for domestic SIFI, which we have no guidance for, and 0.65 for just other buffers. Based on the actions that Andy just talked about, we think that the OCI volatility is lower. So we're bringing that 8.15% down to 8%, which is 0.5 and 0.5. And we're now at 7.9% under the new rules. So we went from 8.4% compared to 8.15%. Now we're at 7.9% compared to 8%. And based on your question and his answer, we'll accrete back to 8% very quickly in this quarter, and then we'll continue our way.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Paul Miller, FBR.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: I want to go back to the again your average balance sheet on your NIM. And I think one of the first questions you talked about -- somebody asked a question about how much borrowings you got repricing. Are they short-term borrowings or long-term borrowings that are repricing?
Andrew Cecere: Yes, It's a combination of both, Paul, and it's about $6.5 billion that is going to mature. So it's not repricing. It's maturing third quarter that will be replaced by either other issued debt or deposits.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And then on your time deposits, you have $14 billion that same relatively consistent. My guess is most of that is a 1-year paper. Is that repricing also and what type of level are they repricing at?
Andrew Cecere: Yes. So I would say our deposit balances in total, including those time deposits that you're referring to, are repricing, but the differential on what's coming on versus what's coming off is not as dramatic as the debt side of the equation.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: So you have CDs that you're repricing above 1%?
Andrew Cecere: We have either the differential between what's coming off and on is not nearly the same again as what the debt differential is. And that's why we focused on that because that debt differential is the big tailwind [indiscernible] on the securities. That's right.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then on the security portfolio, did you guys disclose, if you did, because I've been jumping all around today, what type of CPR rates you were seeing on those portfolios?
Andrew Cecere: We did not, and it hasn't changed dramatically. We have a little bit higher prepayments because of the rate environment, but it wasn't a dramatic change from where it has been the last few quarters.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And your duration. I think you said it's short-term. But have you disclosed what it is? I think it's -- is it around 3 years?
Andrew Cecere: It's under that number. What we're putting on, what the duration of -- what the average life of the book is stated in our Q. The duration is in that 2-year neighborhood.
Operator: And at this time there are no further questions. I'd like to turn the conference back over to you for closing remarks.
Judith T. Murphy: Good, thank you, Holly, and thank you all for listening to our results. If you have any follow-up questions, as usual, feel free to call. And we will talk to you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation on today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-17 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Judith T. Murphy - Senior Vice President, Director of Investor Relations and Analyst Richard K. Davis - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Risk Management Committee Andrew Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer P. W. Parker - Chief Credit Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Christoph M. Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Edward R. Najarian - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Gregory W. Ketron - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Christopher Gamaitoni - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorp's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Richard Davis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Cecere, U.S. Bancorp's Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately 11:00 a.m. Eastern Daylight Time through Tuesday, April 24, at midnight Eastern Daylight Time. I will now turn the conference call over to Judy Murphy, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Judith T. Murphy: Thank you, Brooke, and good morning to everyone who has joined our call. Richard Davis, Andy Cecere and Bill Parker are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorp's first quarter 2012 results and to answer your questions. Richard and Andy will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of the slide presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental analysts' schedules, are available on our website at usbank.com.  I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of today's presentation, in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC.  I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard K. Davis: Thank you, Judy, and good morning, everyone. We're pleased to share our results with you today, and I'll begin with the highlights on Page 3 of the presentation. U.S. Bank recorded net income of $1.3 billion for the first quarter of 2012 or $0.67 per diluted common share. Total net revenue was higher by 9.1% over the same quarter of 2011, driven by 7.3% growth in net interest income and 11.3% growth in fee revenue.  Total average loans grew year-over-year and linked quarter by 6.4% and 1.5%, respectively, and we also experienced strong loan growth and total average deposits of 11.7% over the prior year and 2.2% linked quarter. Credit Quality continued to improve as net charge-offs declined by 8.2%, and nonperforming assets decreased in total by 8.5% from the prior quarter.  We continue to generate significant capital each quarter. Our Tier 1 common equity ratio was 8.7% at March 31, or 8.4% using anticipated Basel III guidelines, while the Tier 1 capital ratio ended the quarter at 10.9%. Capital actions this quarter included a 56% dividend increase, and we repurchased 16 million shares of common stock during the first quarter.  The 5-quarter trends of our industry-leading performance metrics are shown on the left-hand side of Slide 4. Return on average assets in the first quarter was 1.6%, and return on average common equity was 16.2%. We've stated that our company can achieve a normalized ROA in the range of 1.6% to 1.9% and an ROE between 16% and 19%. Both performance ratios have now reached their respective ranges.  Our net interest margin and efficiency ratio are shown on the graph on the right-hand side of Slide 4. This quarter's net interest margin of 3.6% was 9 basis points lower than the same quarter of last year but equal to the prior quarter, and Andy will discuss the margin in more detail in just a couple of minutes. Our efficiency ratio for the first quarter was 51.9%, and consistent with our expectation, this ratio remained in the low 50s.  Turning to Slide 5. Our capital position remains strong and continues to grow. At March 31, our Tier 1 common equity ratio, using anticipated Basel III guidelines, was 8.4%. At 8.4%, we are well above the 7% Basel III minimum requirement and above the level of which we believe we need to be.  Turning to Slide 6. On March 13, after receiving the results of our 2012 Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review from the Federal Reserve, we announced a $0.28 or 56% increase in our annual dividend. In addition to the dividend increase, the board authorized a new 100 million share repurchase program. As we've indicated in the past, our long-term goal is to return between 60% and 80% of our earnings to our shareholders through dividends and buybacks. During the first quarter, we returned 66% of our earnings to our shareholders, 29% of which in the form of dividends and 37% in the form of share buybacks.  Average total loans outstanding increased by $12.6 billion or 6.6% year-over-year. As expected, linked quarter loan growth and average total of loans was 1.5%. Significantly, new loan originations, excluding mortgage production, plus new and renewed commitments, totaled over $36 billion this quarter. This represents a 4.5% year-over-year increase in new and renewed lending activity.  Total revolving corporate and commercial commitments outstanding increased year-over-year by 25.7% and 5.1% on a linked quarter basis while utilization remained fairly consistent at approximately 25%. Total average deposits increased by $24 billion or 11.7% over the same quarter last year while total average deposits grew by $5 billion on a linked quarter basis or 2.2%.  Turning to Slide 8. The company reported total net revenue in the first quarter of $4.9 billion, an increase of 9.1% over the prior quarter's -- year's quarter, but 3.4% less than previous quarter. Recall, however, that the fourth quarter included a $263 million litigation settlement gain. Excluding this gain, linked quarter revenue growth was $88 million or 1.8%. The company's revenue growth can be attributed to both our balance sheet and our fee businesses growing as we continue to benefit from our investments in growth initiatives over the past years.  Turning to Slide 9 and Credit Quality. First quarter total net charge-offs declined by 8.2% from the fourth quarter of 2011 while nonperforming assets decreased by 8.5% or 5.9%, excluding covered assets. The ratio of net charge-offs to average loans outstanding was 1.09%, improving from the 1.19% recorded in the fourth quarter.  Turning to Slide 10. As the graph on the left illustrates, early- and late-stage delinquencies, excluding covered assets, improved this quarter. On the right-hand side of Slide 10, you can see that the trend in criticized assets continues to show improvement. Both of these statistics provide us with confidence that net charge-offs and nonperforming assets will trend lower in the second quarter of 2012, although net charge-offs may show a more modest reduction than in recent quarters as the pace of improvement slows in the consumer categories. Given the first quarter's credit results and the expected improvement going forward, we released $90 million of reserves compared with $125 million in the fourth quarter and $50 million in the first quarter of 2011.  I'll now turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks, Richard. Slide 11 gives you a view of our first quarter 2012 results versus comparable time periods. Diluted EPS of $0.67 was 28.8% higher than the first quarter of 2011 and 2.9% lower than the prior quarter. Recall that the fourth quarter EPS included $0.05 related to 2 notable items.  Slide 12 lists the key drivers of the company's first quarter earnings. The 27.9% increase in net income year-over-year was the result of a 9.1% increase in net revenue and a decrease in the provision for credit losses, partially offset by a 10.6% increase in noninterest expense. Net income was slightly lower on a linked quarter basis. The unfavorable variance was the result of a 3.4% decline in net revenue, partially offset by lower noninterest expense and a $16 million decrease in the provision for credit losses. Excluding the impact of the 2 notable items detailed on Slide 13, net revenue increased by 1.8% quarter-over-quarter and noninterest expense was flat.  Slide 13 provides you more detail about the notable items that impacted the comparison of our first quarter to prior periods. In the fourth quarter of 2011, total noninterest income included a $263 million litigation settlement gain related to the termination of a merchant processing referral agreement. We also booked $130 million expense accrual related to mortgage servicing and foreclosure-related matters.  On a net basis, these 2 items increased fourth quarter net income by approximately $92 million and EPS by $0.05. The first quarter of 2011 included a $46 million gain related to the acquisition of First Community Bank of New Mexico from the FDIC. Also noted in the bottom of Slide 13 are 2 revenue and expense classification changes that had an impact on comparisons to prior periods.  Moving to Slide 14. Net interest income increased year-over-year by $183 million or 7.3%. The increase was largely driven by the $26.1 billion or 9.5% increase in average earning assets, as well as the benefit from strong growth in low-cost deposits. The growth in average earning assets was driven by planned increases in the securities portfolio and growth in average total loans, partially offset by a lower cash position at the Federal Reserve.  The net interest margin of 3.60% was 9 basis points lower than the same quarter of last year due primarily to the expected increase in lower yielding investment securities, partially offset by lower cash balances at the Fed and the inclusion of a credit card balance transfer fee. On a linked quarter basis, net interest income was higher by $17 million.  Average earning assets grew by $4.9 billion, and net interest margin was flat to the prior quarter. Margin was slightly better than expected this quarter primarily due to the inclusion of balance transfer fees and lower cash balances at the Fed. Given the current rate environment, we expect that net interest margin to be down a few basis points in the second quarter.  The investment securities portfolio at March 31 totaled $74.3 billion. The balances were higher than December 31, as we took the opportunity to manage down our cash balances and purchase investment securities. We expect to main the investments -- maintain the investment securities portfolio at or around this level for the next few quarters.  Slide 15 provides you with more detail behind the changes in average total loans outstanding. Average total loans grew by 6.4% year-over-year. Excluding covered loans, our runoff portfolio, average total loans increased by 8.7% year-over-year. As you can see on the chart, the increase in average total loans was principally due to strong growth in commercial loans and residential mortgages of 17.3% and 19.1%, respectively. Commercial loan growth has continued to accelerate over the past 5 quarters while growth in consumer lending has been less robust. On a linked quarter basis, the 1.5% increase in average total loans outstanding was also primarily driven by an increase in commercial loans, which grew by 3.4%, and residential real estate loans, which grew by 4.3%.  Slide 16 provides more detail on the growth in total deposits over the past 5 quarters. Average total deposits grew by $24 billion or 11.7% year-over-year. On a linked quarter basis, average deposits increased by $5 billion or 2.2%. Importantly, average low-cost deposits accounted for the majority of the increases on a year-over-year and linked quarter basis.  Slide 17 provides more details around the changes in noninterest income on a year-over-year and linked quarter basis. Noninterest income increased by 11.3% over the same quarter of 2011. Mortgage Banking revenue was very strong this quarter as production increased by 58% year-over-year and gain-on-sale margins improved. Offsetting a portion of the growth in origination and sales fee income were an unfavorable net change in MSR valuation and related hedging of approximately $32 million and an increase in the repurchase reserve.  In addition to Mortgage Banking, merchant processing services, deposit service charges and commercial products revenue also posted solid increases year-over-year. These positive variances were partially offset by lower credit card or debit card fees due to legislative changes to debit card interchange, as well as the change in classification of balance transfer fees. Offsetting the impact of these 2 items were legislative-related mitigation activity and higher transaction volumes.  ATM services revenue was lower as the result of the change related to revenue passed through to others. And finally, other income in the first quarter of 2011 included a $46 million gain related to the FDIC transaction.  On a linked quarter basis, noninterest income was lower by $192 million or 7.9%. This favorable variance was primarily the result of the merchant settlement gain in the fourth quarter of 2011, seasonally lower payments-related revenue and the revenue classification changes, partially offset by very strong Mortgage Banking activity.  Slide 18 highlights noninterest expense, which was higher year-over-year by $246 million or 10.6%. The majority of the increase can be attributed to: higher compensation and benefits expense, representing additional staffing in the branches mortgage-related activities and business expansion initiatives; an increase in professional services, primarily due to technology and foreclosure review projects; as well as marketing and business development expense and other expense related to regulatory and insurance-related costs. These higher costs were partially offset by a decrease in net occupancy related to the change in ATM revenue pass-through to others.  On a linked quarter basis, noninterest expense was lower by $136 million or 5%, primarily due to the fourth quarter mortgage servicing accrual, occupancy expense, partially offset by seasonally higher employee benefits. The tax rate on a taxable equivalent basis was 30.9% in the first quarter of 2012 compared with 30.5% in the fourth quarter of 2011 and 29% in the first quarter of 2011.  Slide 19 provides updated detail on the company's mortgage, purchase-related expense and the reserve for unexpected losses on repurchases and make-whole payments. For outstanding repurchases and make-whole request balances at March 31 was $134 million compared with $105 million at December 31. The increase, in addition to recent changes in the GSE sampling method, specifically higher sampling sizes, caused us to increase our mortgage representation and warranties reserve to $202 million. We do, however, expect mortgage repurchase requests to remain fairly stable over the next several quarters.  I'll now talk -- turn the call back to Richard.
Richard K. Davis: Thanks, Andy. And to conclude our formal remarks, I turn your attention to Slide 20. The momentum continues. Words from the cover of our annual report that appropriately describe our 2011 accomplishments and performance, and our first quarter results demonstrated the momentum we've built over the past several years continues to build into the new year.  In the first quarter, we grew our balance sheet and our customer base. We grew our net revenue. We continued to invest in our organic growth initiatives, as well as small but important fill-in acquisitions, including: the 10-branch banking franchise of BankEast in Knoxville, Tennessee; the Indiana Corporate Trust business from UMB Bank; and an institutional trust business from Union Bank in California.  In the first quarter, our credit quality continued to improve. Our capital liquidity positions remained strong. And we grew our earnings and achieved industry-leading performance metrics for the quarter, and we were able to return 66% of our earnings to our shareholders through dividends and buybacks.  We continue to benefit from our investments in growth initiatives and innovation and in acquisitions. We continue to benefit from our prudent risk management and our diversified business model, and we benefit from our markets, both established and new.  Today we'll be holding our Annual Meeting here in Minneapolis, our headquarter city. In addition to conducting the official business of the meeting, I'll be sharing our story of how we have managed this company through the downturn and we are continuing to capitalize on the momentum we've built. I'll also tell the shareholders how exceedingly proud I am of what we've accomplished and of the 64,000 remarkable and engaged employees that have contributed to our success. I look forward to the coming year as we grow even stronger for the benefit of our customers, employees, communities and, importantly, our shareholders.  That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Bill and I would now be happy to answer questions from the audience.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Chris Kotowski with Oppenheimer.
Christoph M. Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: First of all, I guess I just wonder if you can give some color commentary around loan demand trends through the quarter. Do you still see -- are there any particular pockets of strength, weakness, sector -- either by sector or by geography?
Richard K. Davis: Sure. This is Richard. As we stated 90 days ago, we thought that the trends would slow from quarter 4, partly because of the seasonality of the new year. And we saw the ending of the quarter kind of slowing down, and we turned out to be correct. In this case, we're starting to see what I expected was a slow but seasonal increase as we move into quarter 2. Quarter 1 got stronger as it aged, and quarter 2 is looking at least as good as quarter 1, if not with slight biases on the positive side. It's across-the-board, Chris. Corporate Banking, commercial banking, Community Banking, small business, consumer, credit card, they're all showing slight improvements in terms of volume and applications. All of them are showing improvement in credit quality. And except for Commercial Real Estate, where we see strengths on the coasts and the larger cities that kind of line the 2 oceans, we don't see any other distinct geography to note except a nice, steady, kind of even increase across all business lines across all states where we do business in all 50. So we're feeling quite positive about the year as it ages. And as spring has sprung, we're looking -- things looking up pretty nicely. I've got Bill Parker here with me to maybe bring a little more color to the quality and the application volumes.
P. W. Parker: Yes. So I'll highlight small business because we did see a pretty good uptick in our small business application volume. It's been double digit in all of our different areas, whether it's SBA or the branch-originated small business. So that bodes well to see some strength in the small business markets. And I'll just comment on the credit and Commercial Real Estate. Multifamily is the one area that's very strong and particularly on the coast. In the other areas, Class A properties are highly valued. But if you get below Class A and the other asset classes, it's still -- I don't want to say weak, but it's not as strong, so. But overall, pretty positive.
Richard K. Davis: And we won't  we've said this before. We can compete on price, and we will to the right level, but we won't engage in price competition where it doesn't make sense for our company. And we won't get our loan volume on lower underwriting. We simply won't do that, and we haven't had to and we're not going to.
Christoph M. Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. Then the other thing I wanted to ask about was your mortgage servicing portfolio has started to grow significantly, and it had been flat the prior couple of quarters. And the last 2 quarters, it's kind of grown significantly. I'm wondering is that just a function of the strong production volume that we've had recently, or is -- or do you see that as a particular strategic growth opportunity in that some of the larger players are probably constrained in how they can grow their servicing business?
Richard K. Davis: Yes and yes. So it is a function of -- the latter informs the former. So we're having really nice market share improvement because we've stayed very active in this. We've added a lot of resources to continue to be relevant as a mortgage originator and a servicer. And because the market -- the dynamics have changed, we continue to enjoy even greater growth maybe than we might have thought. We have no limits on the kind of resources that we might pursue to this level because we see a market shift that you only get once in a lifetime. And we intend to enjoy it now and come out of this as probably, I don't know, in the top 5 for sure of mortgage servicing and production, and we're seeing that to come sooner than we thought.
Christoph M. Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And specifically, that -- is that something that you could imagine getting into the kind of stand-alone mortgage company kind of business and through acquisition? Or do you want to maintain mortgage production primarily out of the branches?
Richard K. Davis: Well, we do it through the branches and through corresponding networks, so that's not going to change. But like everything else, we don't want to be dominant in any one line of business. So no more that I want to be a credit card company with branches attached to it, I don't want to be a mortgage company with a credit card business. We really want to be a business that does the work for most of our customers and meet their needs, where we know them firsthand and where there's opportunity to extend that based on market share improvement, we'll take that as well. But Chris, you'll see us continue that kind of balanced view of revenue achieved through spread and fee income on a basis of diversity of types of business as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Could you maybe kind of flesh out some of your comments on the capital front? I mean, obviously, you're now kind of -- you're past the point where you would likely see any SIFI buffer or anything like that, and obviously, 2/3 of the capital is a nice capital return. But as you kind of look out there, are there acquisition opportunities that we should be thinking about? Or how could that evolve over the course of the next year?
Andrew Cecere: Moshe, this is Andy. So our Tier 1 common Basel III standard is at 8.4%, probably a little higher than we would plan to be at, and part of that is the volatility around that ratio as it relates to OCI and the available-for-sale portfolio, as we enjoyed a bigger gain this quarter due to lower interest rates. So you'll see us somewhere in that 8.2% to 8.4% range depending upon that gain. Our capital plan was approved. And as we've talked about, we have a target of that sort of 30 to 40 dividends, 30 to 40 buybacks, somewhere within that range. That leaves us plenty of room for opportunities that present themselves in the marketplace for portfolio purchases or small deals, just like we've done been in the past. And I think we're sort of in a normal, regular ongoing capital distribution methodology as we sit today with some dividends, some buybacks and some return for internal investment.
Richard K. Davis: And Moshe, what you saw last quarter would be a great proxy for future quarters in terms of M&A branch opportunities where they come along, FDIC or otherwise, payments businesses, corporate trust opportunities. The stuff you've seen us do over the last 4 years, 5 years. We see a pipeline for that opportunity. And as Andy said, we have plenty of room left within our retained capital to do that.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And just a follow-up on the Corporate Trust. I mean, there've been some recent lawsuits looking at the questions around the trustees' responsibility as -- in some of the sub-prime securitizations. Do you have kind of any thoughts on -- as to how that might shake out?
Richard K. Davis: Yes, absolutely. I'm glad you brought it up. And as you know, it's not new. We've been dealing with this for as long as I've been here. One of the benefits of Corporate Trust is it's a really good business, particularly when the market is strong. It's a good relationship and fee business, and it provides -- there's pretty high cost of entry. So you're either in it and you're good or you're not in it at all. We've got the benefit of being in it and good. But with it comes the risk of confusion, and it's a reputation risk that we manage every single day. And it can be anything from foreclosed properties, where we are often cited as the owner of the property, or REO property, where there's some problem with the quality of the structure, and we're identified as the owner. And it turns out we're most often the trustee. And in fact, that causes people to be confused because that's still a complicated topic. When a company might file bankruptcy and we're acting as trustee, it looks like we were the lender who put them into a bankruptcy. And then more times than not, as you're talking about now in some of the MBS and other kinds of structured deals, we are often hired in as the appropriate legal source and the broker between 2 parties and often confused as the party in between. So we will deal with that confusion because the business is so good, and it has such a great upside potential and we're so deep into it. We just recognize it's something we have to manage. And each time we get a chance to clarify and educate either for us or civic leaders who are confused about it, we find an opportunity to do so. But it will take quite a while for people to understand what trustee looks like. I'll close and give you my pseudo-legal point though, that as a trustee, we don't have the rights to reach in and touch the properties or change the rules of the engagement on the escrow. It's our responsibility to execute as the law would have us and to do that within the bounds of whatever the construct of the trustee relationship is. It's not ours to overreach or to step in and fix something we weren't asked to do, despite the temptation by, sometimes, people who want us to do that. So we'll deal with the confusion. And the more times people give us a chance to clarify, the more times we'll take it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: You've obviously been outgrowing the industry in the loans. You've talked about some NIM pressure going forward. When you put it all together, do you think you can still grow net interest income dollars from here?
Andrew Cecere: I think the short answer to that, Matt, is yes. So our NIM pressure was principally related to our increase in our securities portfolio, and that's true on a year-over-year as well as linked quarter basis. We took advantage of our long cash position this quarter to accelerate some of our purchases. But I think we're going to remain fairly stable in that securities portfolio going forward. And we have a good amount of debt at higher costs rolling off in the second half of the year, so that'll create some stabilization. As I mentioned, I expect us to be down a few basis points in the second quarter, but then I expect some stabilization.
Richard K. Davis: Let me also add, Matt, that I know this would be the case for everybody. But as well as we're doing on loan growth, we're doing even better in commitment growth. And while that doesn't show up in the balance sheet, it shows up in the future. And I think you're all going to be very pleased that whenever the robust economy comes back, and it will, we're going to stand to enjoy a second round of, I think, a comparative benefit because the commitment growth is so significant and yet to be tapped because utilization stays flat. We're actually quite optimistic that to answer your question with a strong yes.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then separate topic, in terms of buybacks and just capital return overall. Not that I'm looking for a specific price in which you'd be buying back stock but you have had some banks come out and say, "We'll be aggressive buyers up to here." And I'm just wondering conceptually, one, how you think about valuation? And then two, one could make the argument that maybe special dividends, over time, might make more sense. So how do you just think about balancing that over time?
Andrew Cecere: Yes. Matt, this is Andy. As you know, the trade-off with the buyback is buying back the stock at times 0, or the cash flows at times 0 plus 1 and forward. And we do have a specific view on that. We look at that every month in the perspective of our company. And we have a very good view on the future. At this price, we are still buying back our stock. And there is a price well above the level we are at today that we would have consideration about holding back a bit, but we're not to that level now. So we're very comfortable buying back at today's price. We're also comfortable with the balance between dividends and buybacks, because it gives us the opportunity to move in terms of buybacks up or down, give other opportunities in the marketplace that we talked about before.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erika Penala with BofA Merrill Lynch.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My first question is on home equity classification on the credit side. I know this is a much smaller piece of your pie, but we saw from larger banks an increase in problem loans as they reclassified some of their seconds that are still paying as the first is in trouble. Did you stick to that cost, or did you also stick to that same classification this quarter? Or is that already reflected in your numbers?
Richard K. Davis: Erika, I'm going to have Bill answer the technical issue. But for us, I just want to highlight, it is very, very small, and the numbers that you've seen from some of the larger banks are significantly greater than. So for us, we're talking $15 million to $30 million, well below the $1 billion-plus that you've seen elsewhere. And so for us, we believe that the classification we have today is accurate and reflects appropriately, and we did do some actions last quarter that Bill can talk about. But I'll also say that if we discover that there's a prevailing view on how things should be handled, then we can do that. But if you look at our nonperforming loans, they improved by almost 8% linked quarter. If we were taking that $15 million to $30 million, they would've improved by 7%. So just to reiterate, the immateriality of it and the fact that it's not a big number is important for me to highlight. And, Bill, you might talk a little deeper dive.
P. W. Parker: Yes. So I mean, if -- our home equity portfolio has 2 distinguishing features. One, a lot of it is -- about $5 billion of it is actually lines that are in the first lien position, so there's not even another loan to look at, so obviously, that's very high quality. And then those that we do service, about 30% of the portfolio, that's where that $15 million, $30 million comes from. So it's just not a material number. The other part of what that reclassification was about was really on the reserving side, and that's, I'd argue, the more important side. And we'd implemented that sometime last year. So we feel very comfortable with the adequacy of our reserves on home equity.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And just to veer into another topic. Richard, could you give us a sense or an update on your ability to reprice the deposit product in 2012 on the retail side? I know a lot of banks had talked about mitigation efforts sort of in the first half of last year in anticipation of debit interchange reform. And just wanted to get a sense on how some of the fee transfer to the consumer is panning out this year.
Richard K. Davis: Erika, we've said that of the total loss of revenue that was derived by CARD Act, Reg E and Durbin, that we would eventually get to 50% of that back. And I think we said we were at 30% last time. Our plan is to get to that 50% by year's end, and I also said it won't be before year's end because we're going to be very thoughtful about this. But I'm comfortable we can do it. And in doing so, there's a couple things. One is market share gain really helps a lot. You can improve your fee revenue by just having more customers who are paying the current fees that you offer and feel good about that, with our Checking With Choice and some of the way we packaged our products, people are seemingly happy to pay those fees and get the services we provide, especially some of the things we're adding to the capabilities, like mobile and more technology. I would say, however, there will also be some increases in certain fee categories that we will continue to provide because we need to do that to return to the shareholders what they've been waiting for. But we had to be very thoughtful about market positions, and we are not a one-size-fits-all. We have basically business in every state. We have 25 states where our consumer business is located. And if we have to have 168 different solutions for that many different pricing markets, which is how many we have, we would do that. So we're going to be very careful and thoughtful and look at where the market competition will allow us to increase the current fees. And we're really going to go after with some market share grab and competing to have more customers that pay what we think is a fair assessment for the service we provide. Nothing magic. And what I did say is we will get to that 50%. We'll use the whole year to get there. I'm not rushing it. We've got a good momentum everywhere else. And I'm not going to mess up what's happening right now and the good momentum we have in the branches where they're getting more customers, deeper relationships and not putting them through the fits and starts of having to decide what prices we change all the time, because we're very consistent and I wanted to give them that benefit.
Operator: Your next question comes from John McDonald with Sanford Bernstein.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Just a broader question. You guys are executing well. Your profitability ratio is within the targeted ranges. Kind of wondering where do you think you're still under-earning, whether it's low interest rates or mitigating some of the reg reform, where are areas that you can improve the profitability over the next couple years?
Richard K. Davis: Well, the best part of the story, and I mean, the best part of the story is that we're just so not finished getting great at what we already do. So hard as it is to talk about organic growth and pursuit of investments from prior periods, that's really what the story is all about. And in fact, John, the recent quarter 1 2012 was as good as it was, was because of things we did in third quarter 2010 and the commitments we're making through employee engagement and technology. So I would tell you, we hit our peak in capital investments in 2010, but we'll have to continue to work that off. Our investments in the first 5 years of 2001 to 2006 were 45% less than they were in the last 5 years of 2006 to 2011. So we've spent quite a bit of money, with your all's knowledge and permission, to reinvest in the company, and that's starting to show up in capital. Acquisitions are all accretive, most of the time on day 1, and I think those continue to show as beneficial. But this last part is organic growth. And I know it's so unexciting to talk about, but it's exactly what's happening here. And so from Wealth Management building out to become a national first-class wealth manager, to adding our new Ascent ultra-high net worth business, which is only a couple of quarters old, to this amazing buildout you've seen us take to a national level on our Corporate Banking capabilities and then adding our payment skills across the globe and our consumer retail bank and small business now taking altogether new levels of performance. Add it all up, and that's what you get. So I think on top of that, a stock market that's actually, at best, kind of flattish and interest rates, which we all know are as low as they're going to be, we've got upside on every single cylinder. And if this is an 8-cylinder car, we're running at about 4.5 right now. So if you like what you see now, just wait until things start getting better. I think there's nothing but upward bias toward what we can do the old-fashion organic way.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. Richard, that's helpful. Maybe a question for Bill. Where are you on the kind of cycle of reserve release, and how do you see that playing out over the next couple quarters? And then also, if you could just comment, what drove the higher reserve build for the rep in warranty? Is that due to higher origination volume or something else?
P. W. Parker: Yes. So the reserve release, I mean, we're in the point of the credit cycle where we'll continue to get credit improvement, probably for another 18 months. We have Commercial Real Estate assets that still need to be resolved, and that's going to take some time. And some of the residential mortgage portfolios are still stressed, so that's going to take time. But the improvement is slowing. I mean, some of our portfolios are performing at extremely good credit levels. Credit cards, auto's doing extremely well. So you're not going to see a lot more improvement in those areas. I think of the reserve release as something that will -- it will continue, but at a lower level. That will continue to decline.
Andrew Cecere: And, John, this is Andy. Regarding the mortgage question, the principal reason for that was the recent changes from the GSEs in terms of increasing their sampling size. So I would not expect a significantly higher quarter-to-quarter loss rate, but perhaps a longer or more extended period. And that's why we have a higher reserve level.
Richard K. Davis: And -- yes, John, let me just add because God knows I've got to speak if you guys speak. It's only fair. I want to remind you that as you saw our charge-offs hit a level of 1.09%, we've said to all of you for a long time that over the cycle, this is a probably 1% charge-off bank, especially because of our credit card size. We're hitting that 1%. We're hitting close to it, and I predict we'll go below it. And my goal is to do our best to make sure that our reserves, within accounting rules, stay to a place where we don't have to rebuild them all back later on. As an industry, I'm arguing for that as well because I think we've learned a lesson and we don't want to do that. But you have to appreciate that I think Bill and I both think that 1.09% goes to 1% and probably falls under that for a little while, not as a goal necessarily, but over the time and term of our long history, we think that we'll be at 1%, and we're getting very close to that.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And then one just follow-up for Andy. To the extent there's a nuance change in the GSE sampling behavior, is that them looking at a wider range of indices, Andy, or putting -- trying to put back stuff that's been paying for longer? Any color on that?
Andrew Cecere: It's just, John, just going deeper in the loans that we're looking at and going back further. So it's deeper and further in terms of the sampling size. And there's going to be -- the more you look at, the more you may find, and that's why we increased the reserve.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ed Najarian with ISI Group.
Edward R. Najarian - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Question sort of asked, but maybe I'll ask in a slightly different way. So you're 109 basis points on the charge-off ratio this quarter and have given that long-term guidance of 1%. Richard, you've said in prior calls you expected to dip below that 1% level. That sort of looks likely now for next year. Any thoughts as to how far you might dip below that level as you sort of continue to clean up credit and we see this big decline that we're seeing now again this quarter in the delinquency trends? I mean, could we go down to 70 or 80 basis points at some point?
Richard K. Davis: Yes, yes. I mean, Ed, I don't know where we end up. When I say under 1%, I just want you all to know that it's probably going to be -- it's going to overperform for a little while there. It could be 90 basis points, could be high 80s. I don't know. It's not going to be 50 or anything like that. We're still making loans. We're still taking calculated risk, and you want us to do that. But we're also not -- what I'm also telegraphing to you is we're not going to start reaching into riskier categories. We're not going to start underwriting more aggressively. We're not worried about protecting our position as one of the larger market share growers in the credit. We're doing it the way we're doing it, and we're not going to change. So I'm also telegraphing to you that we're not expecting it to get so pristine that you think we're missing opportunities. But I do think this a high-quality book. The stress test would have said so each time they do it. And I think you guys should be comfortable that if we fall below 1%, it's not a goal. It happens to be an outcome. But our goal is to manage this company right around 1% because that, we think, is the right level of risk and reward.
Edward R. Najarian - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then secondarily, if I add back the repurchase provision on mortgage side, I think I'm getting to a mortgage gain on sale, sort of gross number of about 230 basis points on the production. First of all, is that about -- do you agree with that? And then second of all, what are your thoughts on how long that can last or the pace that, that might decline, over what time frame? Or we all know that's a very wide number, but I think we're all struggling with how quickly and over what time frame that declines.
Andrew Cecere: Ed, so the production gain is based on net applications net of a projected fall-out number, so it's closer to 200 basis points in terms of the math. And it is wider than I would expect it to continue in forward quarters, but we are enjoying robust business in our Mortgage group as we talked about. We're taking share, and we're expanding our capabilities. So I would expect it, the second quarter, to have another strong quarter in Mortgage, and it's hard for me to see beyond that right now because there's just too much uncertainty out there.
Edward R. Najarian - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: But at least for the second quarter, it looks like another quarter in terms of very wide gain on sales spread?
Andrew Cecere: Our pipelines continue to be strong. There might be some slowdowns just given the -- about 75% of our first quarter activity was refinanced activity. I would expect that to slow somewhat given that rates have stabilized, but the pipeline continues to be strong.
Edward R. Najarian - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Right. But that's more of a comment on volume. I'm just talking about the gain on sales spread.
Andrew Cecere: Yes, in the first few months of the quarter here, I would expect it to continue strong.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Two quick questions on loans. Number one, Commercial Real Estate is an area that's started to grow again a little bit for you guys, and just wanted to understand how much of that is still moving over from the C&D book versus opportunities that you're starting to see in the marketplace? How is CRE looking as far as maybe the next part of the loan book to pick up, and where are you guys in terms of your aggressiveness in that market?
P. W. Parker: This is Bill. The -- it's not really moving over from the construction and development. That continues to decline. So the growth we've been picking up is more in stabilized properties. And they're going to be Class A properties, a lot of them with our institutional investors. We have a pretty high-quality group of clientele that our Commercial Real Estate group has enjoyed many years of performance with, and that's where we pick up the loan growth.
Richard K. Davis: Yes, in fact -- Ken, it's Richard. It's unremarkable in where it's coming from. It's remarkable it's coming from everywhere. And I think also the buildout of our Corporate Bank capabilities, as you've been hearing about for the last couple of years, make us more of a one-stop shop for some of these larger real estate national companies that have used us now for higher positions, allowed us to be in the deals longer, have used us for capital market capabilities. So for us, it's just like I said in the beginning, it's everywhere. It's a little bit of every category and I think it's the flight to quality that we continue to enjoy that I don't know how long that lasts. But every time we get to talk to you, it's still there, and we'll enjoy it until it's not.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Great. And my second question just relates to just loan pricing. Obviously, yields came down a little bit in both C&I and CRE. I just want -- if you had some anecdotes to share in terms of how you see loan pricing across the markets and across the commercial products.
Andrew Cecere: Yes, this is Andy. We've talked about the fact, the last few quarters, that loan spreads have stabilized. And I would say that continues to be the case in the first quarter. There are pockets of increased competition, particularly in the commercial area and maybe a little bit below that. But overall, commercial wholesale loan spreads are stable.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Miller with FBR.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: I had a quick follow-up question on the pushbacks. You talked about increased sample size from the GSEs, a change in policy. Can you just add more color to that?
Andrew Cecere: I don't know how else to define it other than they're looking at more loans, both from the perspective of the depth of the categories as well as the time frame. So if they were looking at 10 loans before, they're looking at 12 now for whatever period, and that's it. So we applied a similar expectation on that increased sample size. It could be that the increased sample size will result in actually a lower loss expectation. We just don't know until we get through the data.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then on the loan portfolio, which has grown very nicely for you guys. But one of the areas that has grown is residential, and I think part of that's probably because or your market share increase in the Mortgage Banking space. Is that mainly jumbo loans, or is any of that 30-year conforming product?
P. W. Parker: Yes. There's definitely jumbos; that primarily come through our private client channels. So we do book those jumbo loans that are not GSE qualified. And then the other area of origination is out of our branches, and we have -- it's a refi product only. Average loan size is less than $100,000. These are low loan-to-value first-mortgage refinance originations out of our branch. So those are the 2 main categories.
Andrew Cecere: And those are likely to have a life of 10 to 15 years. Schedule of 10 to 15 versus 30 years.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And what type of yield?
Andrew Cecere: The spreads on those are probably 50 to 75 basis points above what you might expect from a GSE qualified.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then one last question on HARP. I know there's been a lot of media reports, and we've been publishing a lot of stuff about how HARP is better than expectations. And as April 1, I believe, banks like you can start to pick at other servicing portfolios with somewhat limited reps and warrants. I just wondered, are you going to continue to try take market share and maybe go after some of these loans and other portfolios?
P. W. Parker: Well, we'll -- first of all, I'll just comment that our HARP volume has been pretty strong. We had about a 47% application increase quarter-over-quarter, so we have seen a good HARP refi production. Hard to say how aggressive we'll be on going after the other people's business. I mean, we've been very active in our own portfolio, and we'll continue to be active on our own portfolio. That's our first priority.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Mayo with CLSA.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Just to follow up on Ed's earlier question. So what -- if you're 200 basis point mortgage gain on sale now, what would be typical? And again, why is it greater than average? And it's not just you. It's the whole industry.
Andrew Cecere: Typical, Mike, would be somewhere between 125 and 125 (sic) [150]. It's higher right now because there's so much demand in the marketplace, and there's a fairly long -- healthy pipeline. And the number of suppliers in the marketplace is down. So it's just a function of supply and demand in the current market, and that gives us some pricing opportunity.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And did you mean 125 to 150 is normal?
Andrew Cecere: Yes, correct.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. And who are you getting share from in your pursuit to be the top 5?
Richard K. Davis: Well, we're already there actually. I was just being generous. We're taking it from the large -- some of the larger guys ahead of us. There's a couple of large banks that are backing it down on that business and just not putting their energy into resources. And then on the other side, there are some smaller partners that are getting out of the business and looking like they're trading. So it's exactly what you see, Mike. I don't have to name names, but you know who's in it big and who's growing and you know who's either backing down or not very present. And we're getting it from there.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And then switching to your Corporate Banking buildout which you've talked a lot about. But when I look linked quarter, period-end commercial loans without commercial leases are up 18% annualized. And we can look at average, and average is up 15% annualized. However, you want to slice that, that's a big number. And my question relates to how much of that growth is due to syndicated lending, and how much of that growth is due to purchases of loans?
P. W. Parker: Well, we are -- I mean, in the large corporate space, you're going to be active in the syndicated market, and that complements our corporate bond issuance area. So that is a piece of it, but we're also active in the middle market. So our middle market group is included in those statistics. We have a ABL unit that's enjoyed nice growth. So it's really across the board.
Richard K. Davis: And, Mike, we haven't done much to buy. We're not big acquirers of somebody else's loans. There've been a couple of deals we've looked at. We pass on almost everything that you see in the public market. And if there's a deal, we'll cherry-pick a loan or 2. It'll have to mostly be a customer we already know and just a position and a hold level we're willing to take, but it's not a growth strategy for us to go acquire portfolios. If they come along, we'll look at everything, but we are not as hungry for some of those deals as some others are.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And then lastly, as you pointed out, your profitability ratios are within your targeted range. But are you leaving money on the table by not having a greater variety of capital market features to give your clients, especially with your Corporate Banking buildout?
Richard K. Davis: O-M-G, no. And I say that because we like -- we only do what we understand and that we can control. And as trite as it sounds, I really like the consistent, predictable, repeatable business we've given you all. I thought you were going to ask if we're going to stop at 16 and 1.6, and that would be no way either. Are you kidding? But we love what we are because I think you can count on it and you can -- it's an annuity. And you can watch it grow, and you can watch it adjust if you don't see any big surprises. And adding to some of those additional opportunities are not hurting us at all because we've got all the ones we wanted to in the last few years by building out our Wholesale Bank and capital markets, nothing left we covet. There's nothing we don't have that we want, and there's nothing we have now that we don't want to keep. So what you see is what you're going to get for quite a while.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nancy Bush with NAB Research.
Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division: Richard, a question for you. We still are yet to find out about the G-SIFI. We kind of know what it is, but not really. Volcker is yet to come. Are there any other major regulatory pieces outside whatever the CFPB may do that we're waiting for?
Andrew Cecere: Nancy, this is Andy. Only one I -- that I know we're all watching is the final LCR ratio. There's a definition out there today. I know there's some discussion occurring with Basel and the Fed in terms of potential adjustments to that. We've built a lot of liquidity on balance sheet. And whatever those final ratios are will guide us to whatever we finalize from the securities portfolio, but that would be the only other one I could think of.
Richard K. Davis: Yes. Nancy, I was about to say, "No, I don't think so." And then I'm getting the eye cross from Andy like, we have one thing. But let me say what I would characterize. Between Volcker, Dodd-Frank, CFPB, as it relates to the financial impacts to our company and to shareholders, substantially, most of that has already been seen by those other activities of Reg E and Durbin and CARD Act and things like that. Now it'll change the course of how we run the company because we'll have to maybe dot our i's and cross our t's twice. We'll have to confirm certain behaviors. We built our capital markets business knowing that the Volcker Rules were going to change. Dodd-Frank, at just probably 65% of Dodd-Frank will touch our company, and the big majority of it's going to be more paperwork transactions and managing the details, but not the financials. And CFPB, I remain optimistic that it hasn't done anything I haven't seen yet to argue with, and we'll watch and see to see how they perform. But I think if their original true goal of being transparent, clear and helping customers understand what they bought, we're going to be in great shape there. If they get into things like price fixing and things like that, then we'll deal with that when we face it. And it'll affect everybody, and as usual, probably affect us a lot. But for now, I think, we're, as a management team, keeping our eye on so many things but not sitting here worrying about the peril that it will create for the investment that you guys have in our company. And if it's a deal, we'll manage it like we have before and we'll find an offset.
Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division: So you think the regulatory regime, as we see it right now, is pretty much what we get going forward?
Richard K. Davis: Well, I think the details are -- yes, I've got the canvas. I've seen the paint on the side, but no one's has painted it yet. But I mean, I don't think there's a hidden trap door that -- of any significance that we can't at least predict or work within as the next couple of years go forward. But as you know, I mean, Dodd-Frank's only 25%, 33% done. Volcker's got a lot of TBDs, and CFPB is new. So I'm not saying it's at all known or done, but I'm telling you what I think. Its worst-case scenarios are something we can manage.
Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division: And, Richard, would you care to make an intrepid prediction about when you might get the ability to make or to decide capital actions without going through the CCAR, et cetera, et cetera? I mean, are we at a point now over the next several years where capital actions are done once a year based upon the results of the CCAR, or is that going to change?
Richard K. Davis: Yes, Nancy, I really don't have any facts around it to offer. But I would say we're going to learn a couple things this year, because we know there are a couple of our peers that are seeking midyear capital actions based on what they didn't get in the CCAR. And I think that will inform all of us because we have no evidence that it will be anything less than an annual activity. And then I also am betting that it will take a few more years, few meaning more than 1 or 2, for the global regulators to believe that banks can manage themselves without oversight. But I think the stress test is an annual event that makes sense. And as long as the rules are understood and we know how to participate in predicting our own outcome and make our own decisions that are hopefully approved, I don't think it becomes a burden all but one that we all just have an extra step than we had before. But I think in terms of annual nature, I think we're about to learn that this year some of our folks have -- for a midyear correction.
Operator: Your next question comes from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just a quick question on the commitments. You called out the 5% q-on-q growth in CRE and C&I. I'm just wondering, you've been having nice commitment growth for a while now. How long does the commitments take to translate into outstandings?
Richard K. Davis: Well, currently, forever. I mean, really, our commitment levels, just to give you an idea, when I give you 25%, this is for the large corporate and middle market clients. So it's not credit card. It's not consumer. It's not even small business. Back in 2009, that was 37%, right. So 37% of $65 million was used as a line of credit. Last quarter, we have 25% of $90 billion. So while the growth -- the actual loans outstanding are virtually flat, the increase in the outstandings open to buy is remarkable. So I got to tell you, in a recession, it really is. I have no idea how long it will take. But what I know is when it happens, it'll be amazingly quick. And you guys can watch us like a Doppler radar. The first thing that happens when companies start getting ready to move is the cash balances get used. And then the line of credit gets used and then new loans are made. And so we are still at record levels of deposit held based on companies being strong enough right now and kind of husbanding cash until they know what to do with it. And that's the first, I think, canary in the mine that says, no one's actually taking any big steps at this point in time. But they are getting those lines of credit, Betsy. And they're planning to use them, I suspect, because they're paying for them, and it gives them a lot of alternatives. And I think the country's business community is much stronger than people think it is because they are cash rich. They are line of credit capable, and they're ready to jump when something comes along. We just need that trigger event, and I don't see it on the near term, but surely it will happen because of the cycle.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. I see the macro numbers in your release. I just wondered if you, in tracking individual companies that you're extending commitments to, is that translating into loan growth at all over the last year or so? And I guess your answer is not yet.
Richard K. Davis: Yes. Not yet. And it's a great question because if I -- I would tell you, if that 25% was a few companies that are 100% and the rest at 0, that would be information. But it's not. It's the average company has a line of credit and uses a part of it, and then the rest they leave open to buy. And so for us, this represents a behavior, a consistency, but an absolute growth opportunity.
Operator: Your next question comes from Greg Ketron from UBS.
Gregory W. Ketron - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. One, the of course, commercial loan growth has continued at a very impressive pace, and maybe some color -- it looks like you would be getting market share, and maybe some color on the strategies that you're undertaking to approach the wholesale or commercial lending business.
Richard K. Davis: Sure. This is Richard. Warning, here comes something else that sounds not that exciting. We work on advocacy. And we've been training all of our lenders, many of whom have been doing this for 30 years, on a special training program we created here in our company on customer advocacy. And that is, Greg, code word for building deeper relationships and having the entire company available informationally to a customer when we meet with them. So we're not -- we don't have the relationship manager now calling on a line of credit, talking about line of credit, praying for a line of credit and coming back home. This relationship manager is working with an entire team doing pre-call activities, bringing the right people out to the client, selling the entire company, if not now, later, and getting a lot of market from other places. So the relationship depth we have is intensely higher than it was before. And to answer a question about 45 minutes ago, amazingly still, an infant in its growth opportunity. So what we're doing now is just getting started on a new way of taking market share. Our guys figured out that flight to quality is a real deal. It translates to new business. So telling the story better helps us do a better job. And so it's really training and making the entire company available through every relationship manager. See, I told you it wasn't going to sound exciting. But I'll tell you what, it's a big deal and it's a big change from where we were a few years ago.
Gregory W. Ketron - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: This has legs that could run for beyond next couple of quarters if it's...
Richard K. Davis: That's right. This has years of legs because it's got nothing but upside. And again, if you like what you see now, just imagine what we can do when we really get good at it.
Gregory W. Ketron - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And, Andy, a question for you on the margin. On the liability side, what remaining opportunities do you have, such as may be debt restructuring or elimination, that may help support the margin through the rest of this year?
Andrew Cecere: We have some TGLP paper coming off here in the May-June time frame. And then in total, if you think about the second half of the year, another $7 billion to $9 billion of higher-cost debt rolling off, some of which will be replaced, some of which will be sort of re-substituted with deposit growth that we're enjoying. So that benefit will start to show in the margin in the second half.
Gregory W. Ketron - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. So you'll see your cost come out of debt that will be replaced with lower-cost funding sources?
Andrew Cecere: Correct.
Operator: Our final question comes from Chris Gamaitoni with Compass Point.
Christopher Gamaitoni - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: I just had 2 questions, one around deposits. Noninterest-bearing deposits looked like they decline about 5% quarter-over-quarter and that looks to be mostly in the community bank, small community bank segment. Can you just give a little color on that? Is that people becoming more comfortable and willing to spend and thinking about their current position?
Andrew Cecere: I would attribute more of it to seasonality, typical seasonality related to tax activity and just first quarter spend. So I don't think there's so much of a decline or utilization as much as the seasonal impacts.
Christopher Gamaitoni - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then on the deposit service accounts charges, they were down 10%, 10.5% quarter-over-quarter. It was attributed to seasonality. I haven't seen the same trends across other banks. Is there a geography issue or a business change that's impacting that?
Andrew Cecere: There is no geography issue. There are fewer days, business days, in the first quarter than the fourth quarter, and that's the principal reason for the decline and the key driver of that number.
Christopher Gamaitoni - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just to clarify a statement. You talked about a significant increase in HARP volume. Was that HARP 1.0 or was that HARP 2.0?
P. W. Parker: We implemented 2.0 in the first quarter, so it'll be some of both.
Operator: I will now turn the conference back to Mr. Davis for closing remarks.
Richard K. Davis: Well, obviously, thank you, guys, for your continued support. The questions were great, and they helped us clarify what's on your mind. I'd also ask you to remain optimistic about this economy. I mean, it's starting to show some real signs of permanent but slow recovery. And we're going to be watching every step of it and being engaged in part of it. And hopefully, the banks in America will get a little more credit for the kind of good work we're going do to help get America back on its feet. So spread the good word. That's what I would say, and thanks for your interest in our company.
Judith T. Murphy: Yes. Thank you, all, for listening. And as always, if you have questions please free to call me or Sean O'Connor. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard K. Davis - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Risk Management Committee P. W. Parker - Chief Credit Officer and Executive Vice President Judith T. Murphy - Senior Vice President, Director of Investor Relations and Analyst Andrew Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division Chris Spahr - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Christopher M. Mutascio - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ian Foley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division John Dunn Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorp's Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Following the review of the results by Richard Davis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Cecere, U.S. Bancorp's Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately noon, Eastern Time, through Wednesday, January 25 at 12:00 midnight, Eastern Time.  I will now turn the conference call over to Judy Murphy, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Judith T. Murphy: Thank you, Brooke, and good morning to everyone who has joined our call. Richard Davis, Andy Cecere and Bill Parker are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorp's fourth quarter and full year 2011 results and to answer your questions. Richard and Andy will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of the slide presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental analysts' schedules are available on our website at usbank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of today's presentation in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard K. Davis: Thank you, Judy, and good morning, everyone. Our company achieved record net income for 2011, driven by record net revenue in the fourth quarter and for the full year. And we accomplished this during a very challenging and uncertain economic and regulatory environment. We're very proud to share our results with you today, and I'll begin with the highlights on Page 3 of the presentation.  U.S. Bank recorded record net income, driven by record total net revenue of $5.1 billion this quarter, which was 8.1% higher than the same quarter of 2010. Excluding the gain noted on the slide, the increase was 4.7%. Total net revenue was a record, even after excluding the $263 million gain, and was driven by growth in both net interest income and in fee revenue.  Total average loans and deposits grew year-over-year and we realized strong linked quarter total loan growth. Credit quality continued to improve, as net charge-offs declined by 7%, and nonperforming assets, excluding covered assets, decreased by 15.2% from the prior quarter.  We continue to generate significant capital each quarter through earnings. Our Tier 1 common equity ratio was 8.6% at December 31 or 8.2% using anticipated Basel III guidelines, while the Tier 1 capital ratio ended the quarter at 10.8%. We repurchased 6 million shares of common stock this quarter. As a result, we returned 29% of fourth quarter earnings to our shareholders in the form of dividends and buybacks. Detailed on Slide 4 are our full year 2011 highlights. As you can see, we achieved record net income in 2011 of $4.9 billion and EPS of $2.46. Earnings were supported by record total net revenue of $19.1 billion, a 5.3% increase over 2010. You'll also note that our strong capital generation allowed us to further build our capital position throughout the year. We repurchased 22 million shares of common stock in 2011. For the year, in total, we returned 31% of our earnings to shareholders in the form of dividends and buybacks. The 5-quarter trends of our industry-leading performance metrics are shown on the left-hand of Slide 5. Return on average assets in the fourth quarter was 1.62%, and return on average common equity was 16.8%. Excluding the impact of this quarter's 2 significant items, return on average assets and return on average common equity were 1.51% and 15.6% respectively. For the full year 2011, we achieved a return on average assets of 1.53% and a return on average common equity at 15.8%. Our net interest margin and efficiency ratio are shown in the slide on the right-hand of 5. As expected, this quarter's net interest margin of 3.60% was lower than the same quarter of last year and the prior quarter. And Andy will discuss the factors that led to this change in just a few minutes.  Our full year 2011 net interest margin was 3.65% versus 3.88% in 2010. Our efficiency ratio for the fourth quarter was 52.7% and our full year 2011 efficiency ratio was 51.8%, consistent with our expectation that this ratio will remain in the low 50s. Turning to Slide 5 (sic) [Slide 6]. Our capital position remained strong and continues to grow. At December 31, our Tier 1 common ratio under anticipated Basel III guidelines was 8.2%. At 8.2%, we are well above the 7% Basel III minimum required, we believe have adequate cushion to cover our SIFI buffer, which is an estimate at this time, plus a cushion to cover fluctuations in the balance sheet. Last week, we submitted our 2012 comprehensive capital plan to the Federal Reserve. We expect to pass the test, and importantly, receive permission to raise our 2012 dividend and continue our share repurchase program. Raising the dividend remains a top priority for this management team and for our Board of Directors. As we've indicated in the past, our long-term goal is to return between 60% to 80% of our earnings to shareholders through dividends and buybacks.  Now moving on to Slide 7. Average total loans outstanding increased by $11.5 billion or 5.9% year-over-year and 5.5% adjusted for acquisitions. Linked quarter, average total loans grew by 2.4%, a slight acceleration from the 1.7% linked quarter growth in the third quarter. Significantly, new loan originations, excluding mortgage production plus new and renewed commitments, totaled over $49 billion this quarter. This represented a 13% year-over-year increase in new and renewed lending activity and a 7% increase over the prior quarter.  Additionally, total revolving corporate and commercial commitments outstanding increased by 21.1% year-over-year and 7.2% linked quarter, continuing the trend we have seen over the past number of quarters and providing us with added confidence that loans will continue to grow as we move into 2012. Total average deposits increased by $33 billion or 17.3% over the same quarter of last year, while total average deposits grew by $7.9 billion on a linked quarter basis or 3.7%. The strong growth in Corporate Trust, Consumer Banking and Wholesale Banking, particularly in noninterest-bearing deposits over both time periods. Our customers continue to hold historically high levels of cash, viewing our bank as a trusted partner in managing their financial needs.  Turning to Slide 8. The company reported record total net revenue in the fourth quarter of $5.1 billion, an increase of 8.1% over the prior year's quarter and 6.4% over the previous quarter. The growth in revenue can be attributed to both our balance sheet and fee-based business lines as each has benefited from investments in growth initiatives over the past years. In fact, some of the negative impact realized in the fourth quarter from reductions in the debit interchange revenue, the result of the Durbin Amendment, was offset by growth in the balance sheet and other fee income lines, again demonstrating the advantage of our diversed business mix.  Turning to Slide 9 in Credit Quality. Fourth quarter total net charge-offs declined by 7% from the third quarter of 2011, while nonperforming assets, excluding covered assets, decreased by 15.2%. This marks the seventh consecutive quarter of improvement in both measures. The ratio of net charge-offs to average loans outstanding was 1.19%, improving from the 1.31% recorded in third quarter.  Turning to Slide 10. As the graph on the left illustrates, early- and late-stage delinquencies, excluding covered assets, are relatively stable this quarter with a slight seasonal uptick in the early-stage delinquencies. On the right-hand side of Slide 10, you can see that the trend in criticized assets continues to show improvement. Both of these statistics provide us with confidence that net charge-offs and nonperforming assets will trend lower in the first quarter of 2012, although net charge-offs will show a more modest reduction than in recent quarters as the consumer categories continue to improve, but at a slower pace as they move closer to stabilization at these lower loss rates.  Given the fourth quarter's credit results and the expected improvement going forward, we released $125 million of reserves in the fourth quarter compared with $150 million in the third quarter and $25 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. I will now turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks, Richard. Slide 11 gives you a view of our fourth quarter and full year 2011 results versus comparable time periods. Diluted EPS of $0.69 was 40.8% higher than the fourth quarter of 2010 and 7.8% higher than the prior quarter, while full year 2011 EPS was 42.2% higher than 2010.  Slide 12 lists the key drivers of the company's fourth quarter earnings. The 38.6% increase in net income year-over-year was a result of an 8.1% increase in net revenue and a decrease in the provision for credit losses, partially offset by an 8.5% increase in noninterest expense. Net income was 6% higher on a linked quarter basis. This positive variance was the result of a 6.4% increase in net revenue and a favorable variance in the provision for loan losses, both of which more than offset the 8.9% increase in expense.  Slide 13 details the notable items that impacted earnings in the fourth quarter of 2011 and other periods. In the current quarter, total noninterest income included a $263 million litigation settlement gain related to the termination of a merchant processing referral agreement. We also booked $130 million expense accrual related to mortgage servicing and foreclosure-related matters. On a net basis, these 2 items increased EPS by $0.05. The fourth quarter of 2010 included a $103 million gain from the sale of our long-term Asset Management business. This prior year's gain increased EPS by $0.02.  Moving to Slide 14. Net interest income increased year-over-year by $174 million or 7%. The increase was largely driven by the $35.3 billion or 13.6% increase in average earning assets, as well as the benefit from strong growth in low-cost deposits. The growth in average earning assets was driven by planned increases in the securities portfolio, growth in average total loans and a higher cash position at the Federal Reserve.  The net interest margin of 3.60% was 23 basis points lower than the same quarter of last year due to the expected increase in low-yielding investment securities, in addition to the higher cash balances at the Fed. On a linked quarter basis, net interest income was higher by $49 million, as the $8.8 billion increase in average earning assets was partially offset by the 5 basis point decline in the net interest margin. The net interest margin was lower than the prior quarter due to the expected growth in lower-yielding investment securities as the company continued to add liquidity on balance sheet. The investment securities portfolio at December 31 totaled $70.8 billion. Assuming stable cash balances and the current Basel III liquidity requirements, we expect the investment securities portfolio to increase consistent with our overall balance sheet.  Slide 15 provides you with more detail behind the change in average total loans outstanding. Average total loans grew by 5.9% year-over-year. Excluding covered loans, which are slowly running off, average total loans increased by 8.5% year-over-year. As indicated on the chart, the increase in average total loans was principally due to solid growth in commercial loans and residential mortgages. Commercial loans grew by a very strong 15.8%. This was the fourth consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth in average commercial loans and the growth rate has improved each and every quarter. On a linked quarter basis, the 2.4% increase in average loans outstanding was also primarily driven by an increase in commercial loans, which grew by 5.6%, and residential real estate loans, which grew by 6.6%, primarily due to refinanced activity.  Slide 16 provides more detail on the growth in total deposits over the past 5 quarters. Average total deposits grew by 17.3% year-over-year. Excluding acquisitions, the growth rate was 11.7%. On a linked quarter basis, average deposits increased by 3.7% or approximately 14.8% annualized. Importantly, average low-cost deposits accounted for the majority of the increase on a year-over-year and linked quarter basis.  Slide 17 offers more details about the changes in noninterest income on a year-over-year and linked quarter basis. The 9.4% increase in noninterest income in the fourth quarter over the same quarter of last year was driven by the fourth quarter 2011 merchant settlement gain, partially offset by the prior year's gain from our sale of our long-term Asset Management business, as well as growth in deposit service charges, merchant processing fees, commercial product revenue and mortgage banking revenue. These positive variances were partially offset by lower debit card fees due to legislative-related changes to debit card interchange. The impact to this quarter's revenue was $77 million.  In addition, noninterest income was affected by lower trust and investment management fees, principally the result of the sale of our Asset Management business late in 2010. On a linked quarter basis, noninterest income was higher by $260 million or 12%. This favorable variance was primarily the result of the merchant settlement gain and higher mortgage banking and merchant processing revenue, partially offset by the reduction in debit card interchange and seasonally lower corporate payments revenue and deposit service charges.  Slide 18 highlights noninterest expense, which was higher year-over-year by $211 million or 8.5%. The majority of this increase could be attributed to the $130 million expense accrual for mortgage servicing matters. Higher compensation and benefits expense and an increase in professional services, primarily due to the foreclosure review project, which is expected to be in the run rate for a few more quarters. On a linked quarter basis, noninterest expense was higher by $220 million or 8.9% due to the mortgage servicing accrual, compensation, professional services and marketing and business development expense. The tax rate on a taxable equivalent basis was 30.5% in the fourth quarter of 2011, essentially equal to the third quarter of 2011 but higher than the 27.8% in the fourth quarter of 2010.  Slide 19 provides updated detail on the company's mortgage repurchase-related expense and the reserve for expected losses on repurchases and make-whole payments. Our outstanding repurchases and make-whole request balances at December 31 was $105 million compared with $115 million at September 30. We expect mortgage repurchase requests to remain fairly stable over the next few quarters.  I'll now turn the call back over to Richard.
Richard K. Davis: Thanks, Andy. To conclude our formal remarks, I'll turn your attention to Slide 20. In summary, it was a very good quarter and it was a very good year. We grew loans, commitments and deposits. We achieved record total net revenue in the quarter and for the year, with growth coming from both our balance sheet and from our fee-based businesses. Our credit quality continued to improve. Our capital and liquidity positions remained strong. We earned record net income for the year and we achieved industry-leading performance metrics for the quarter and for the year, all of this despite the ongoing challenges of an uncertain economic environment, increasing regulatory oversight and cost, improving but still elevated credit costs and increased competition.  We end the year where we began: in an industry-leading position of strength. We're positioned to win and, in fact, we're stronger than we were a year ago and we're very well positioned for 2012 and beyond, all for the benefit of our customers, our employees, our communities and our shareholders. That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Bill and I would be happy to answer any questions from our audience.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Richard, congratulations. You've kind of met the capital target that you've been striving towards and probably exceeded it. The comments, I mean, in your prepared remarks, I guess, you kind of just reiterated what you had said before. Any kind of additional discussion about the nature of how that process will work and what the time frame to get to your long-term capital return targets would be and how your discussions with the regulators have evolved on that?
Richard K. Davis: Sure. Thanks, Moshe, for that comment and for the question. As you know, the CCAR input was put in earlier in this month and we're waiting for our final results no later than March 15. At that point, and rather like last year, which was the first official stress test routine, we want to make sure that we pass. And it does seem like it's a binary process. So we were thoughtful about putting in both our dividend and our share repurchase request. And I would tell you that while they're on the aggressive side and hopefully will be approved, they're not yet where we want to be at the end of this trip. And accordingly, whether this becomes a semiannual activity or an annual activity, we're comfortable that we'll continue to prove to the regulators that, first of all, our plan and our forecast are sound based on a very steady history. We also think that our prudent capital management should benefit their willingness to allow us to move forward. And I don't think it's more than another year or 2 to get to where we want to that 60% to 80%, but it won't happen in one fell swoop because we simply can't move as quickly as we'd like to, given some of the constraints placed on the test. But we are comfortable that we'll be able to demonstrate the strength of the company through this next pass and hopefully by March 15.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Great. And just as a follow up. In terms of the loan growth that you've seen, which has been consistent and improving, are there areas of market share gains that you're seeing and things that might -- that we could look at in 2012 for that to continue?
Richard K. Davis: Yes, Moshe. In our company, and you hear this everywhere, a lot of the companies are strong and they're getting stronger, particularly corporate America, even in the community and middle market. In saying so, you'll hear that a lot of the growth is coming from companies doing refinancings. And while that typically would sound like code word for just rotating your own book, in a position that we're in, where we are continuing to gain market share, we're invited to those refinances, many of which we weren't in the first place. So a lot of our growth is coming from honest-to-God market share improvement by getting bites into other companies that we weren't part of before. I said last quarter and we're seeing a continued -- not huge, but a continued benefit from the European banks moving away from their positions in the syndicates. We're either being invited for the first time in a position that they use to hold or more often being invited to step up in a position that we already had, given that there are less banks in some of these deals. And in more cases than used to be because of our capital markets capabilities, we're invited now to lead some of these deals and get more business than we had before. So for us, it is market share gain. It's across-the-board. It's mostly customers that are strong refinancing and we're getting a bigger part of that. It's nothing more magical than that. And I wouldn't call out any specific industry or geography that would really harken a unique perspective at this point in time. It's kind of across-the-board, slow, steady and as you'd expect in a recovery that's going to take years.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erika Penala with Bank of America.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My first question is on capital. Like Moshe mentioned, it's clear that you hit your targets early. And I guess, I'm wondering how you view yourselves relative to some of your peers once the U.S. interprets some of the Basel III regulations because we see press reports that are putting some of your closer peers at 8% Basel III on a Tier 1 common basis. But that peer would be almost 4x your size. Richard, I know you've been cognizant of growing too fast. Is that going to be an advantage once we have the final interpretations and that because of your size, you could hold the lower buffer to your closest pure bank peer?
Richard K. Davis: Well, I think so. 5 is a beautiful number. And we're a distant 5 from the 4. And more importantly, Erika, as you know, we weren't deemed a G-SIFI. And I don't think we were even close necessarily based on either our size and certainly not on our complexity. So my hope is that we can continue to grow like we have, stay under that G-SIFI designation. And as you know, the next peer above us, at least at the G-SIFI rules set, was a minimum of 100 basis points additional to the 7. We actually were given 0 guidance on that. So in our case, we've taken a prudent step of creating our own guesstimate on what our buffer might be when this is all said and done. We've also added, as I indicated in my notes, another buffer based on the balance sheet vagaries and how things move around. And I think we've been extremely conservative, and hopefully as clarity comes along, we'll find that we actually have more put a way that we need to, knowing that we're already well above what we think is a conservative view. So at the end of the day, it's probably an advantage. On the other hand, the scale advantage goes to the really big players who have balance sheets that they can leverage for different purposes. So it seems to be an offsetting benefit for those of us who don't have to hold as much and can be a little more nimble as we move forward through this recovery.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Based on sort of the color that you're getting with the CCAR process this year, it sounds like now is not the year or maybe even next year to sort of take advantage of those differences. Meaning, you're not going to be able to deploy that -- the excess capital positioning doesn't matter near term.
Richard K. Davis: Not altogether. I mean, we're not going to push the limit and we're not going to go above the guidelines they gave us. But they gave guidelines for dividends, they gave no guidelines for share buyback. You put those together and you can get a pretty substantial total shareholder return outcome. And the nice thing about buybacks is, if for some reason an opportunity comes along, you can stop those and redeploy it into the opportunity that's present. So I think we won't get the exact mix we want right away because it will take some time for, I think, the government to feel comfortable for certain companies, particularly on a dividend basis, to go to higher levels. But I think in a total, we'll be pleased to see that if we get our permissions, we'll be moving very closely to our overall goal.
Operator: Your next question comes from John McDonald with Sanford Bernstein.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Richard, it seems like you left some buyback authorization on the table this year. I wasn't sure if the $50 million was for this year. But just wondering, do you have flexibility to do buybacks in the first quarter that are preapproved from last year's CCAR? Just wondering how that works.
Andrew Cecere: John, this is Andy. Yes, we do. We carried over our authorization both from the board level into the first quarter, given the timing of the CCAR, and we also have remaining authorization from the Federal Reserve approval that goes into the first quarter. One of the reasons we are a little lower this fourth quarter than last quarter is, as we mentioned some of the vagaries of the balance sheet. The fourth quarter is when we have the pension debit that comes into play. And given the lower discount rate, that increased by about $300 million. So we wanted to be sure that we hit our target capital ratio, so we modified our buybacks to ensure that. And I think you'll see us come back in the market here in the first quarter.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And then Andy, on expenses. To what extent is the fourth quarter expense number a good run rate for the first quarter? I know there was some seasonal items in the fourth quarter. Just wondering what are some of the puts and takes on expenses as you look ahead.
Andrew Cecere: Right. So John, I would say, first of all, obviously the $130 million mortgage-related servicing matter is a one-time item in nature. Also included in the fourth quarter was just under $40 million related to the consent order. That will likely continue into the first quarter so that is not so much a one-time event but more of a run rate expense. And then the first quarter has a little seasonally higher benefit rate but a little lower on the tax-related matters related to our CDC. So those are the gives and takes. But really, fourth quarter didn't have a lot of unusual items in there.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And is there any color that you can give on the accrual for the mortgage foreclosure stuff this quarter that you gave?
Andrew Cecere: There's not a lot more color than we can give other than what we've talked about, which is it's related to mortgage servicing foreclosure matters and relates to some of the activities that you're reading about.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. Last question for me. It seems like the securities purchase has gotten you where you want to be, liquidity-wise. Did you give a near-term outlook on the NIM? If not, do you have one on net interest margin?
Andrew Cecere: Yes, so you're right. First, regarding securities. We increased our securities portfolio $19 billion from a year ago and we're just over, at an ending balance, just over $70 billion. And as you know, most of that addition was related to building our LCR ratio, which we're going to sort of hold right now until the final rolls come out. So the growth in the securities portfolio will be more consistent with our overall balance sheet growth going forward. Related to margin, the 5 basis point decline from the fourth quarter versus the third was principally due to that securities build. As we look into the first quarter, we're going to have a relatively stable margin, except for our cash position at the Fed, which is a little bit higher. So I would expect margin in the first quarter, given the current cash position, to be down 3 to 5 basis points. But importantly, net interest income will be more stable than that. The margin is impacted by the cash balances but not the net interest income overall.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And those cash balances are just growing because you deposit growth and not having any other alternatives for it?
Andrew Cecere: Right. We have tremendous deposit growth, as you see in the numbers, which is exceeding loan growth. What I do -- what I will tell you is that we do have debt maturities that occur throughout 2012, but most of those start in the second quarter. So we'll be able to redeploy that in a different way. But in the first quarter, we're likely to have a little higher cash balance at the Fed.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just a quick follow-up on the margin. What have you seen in the commercial loan deals? It looks like they're down again this quarter but maybe not quite as much as the previous quarter. Is that primarily the large corporate growth-driven? Or is there something else driving that?
Andrew Cecere: John, this is Andy. The overall margin yield is down more on a year-over-year basis and quarter because of the mix of floating versus fixed rate. What I will tell you, though, is the spread on large corporate loans has stabilized here in the fourth quarter. We did see some declines that occurred in quarters 1 and 2 and a little bit in the first half of 3, but I would term it stabilization in terms of spreads in the fourth quarter.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So it's possible that the decline will start to abate a bit?
Andrew Cecere: That is correct.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Richard, just a bigger-picture question for you. Where -- acquisitions have been very slow in the industry. Where is that in terms of your interest list? Do you see any hope on an increase in activity and maybe compare and contrast bank versus nonbank in your interest list?
Richard K. Davis: Yes, thanks, John. We'll start with the latter. Nonbank, we are both interested and believe there are opportunities. So that follows the path we've taken for the last 3 or 4 years. Corporate Trust businesses continue to come our way mainly because I think companies without a real scale are saying, "Why are we in this business? And if we aren't fully going to be great at it, the cost of having to invest in this is pretty high." So I think we'll see more of those opportunities, and they're very scalable. They're add-ons to what we have in Corporate Trust. Likewise, payment portfolios, particularly credit card, have come our way, as you know, more recently. There will be more of those opportunities because we have a scalable business and I think we've built a real nice reputation in the businesses as being a great acquirer and a very seamless transition-capable company. So those will continue. As it relates to traditional bank deals, there will be -- opportunities will come along and I've always -- my favorite line is, an opportunity won't be missed as it comes along. But we're not putting it into our strategy as necessary. So if a small FDIC deal came along, the likes of the New Mexico deal a year ago, first of all, because we don't have anything in the queue now that would otherwise disrupt it, we'll be interested. And if we can find a deal that would be small and fits in nicely to our current footprint, we'll probably do it, if it's the right price and makes sense. If it doesn't either make sense or look right, we're not going to do it; if it's out of footprint, we're not touching it. As it relates to the bigger deals, the deals that would be more headline likely, if those opportunities were to come along, I think we either have the capital and I know we have the regulator confidence and I believe the Street would accept a deal if we were to look at something and have a capital raised, but it's not one of our goals. It would just have to be something so undeniably good that you didn't want to pass if you don't want to overlook, but we're not necessarily expecting it. And if it happens, it will be an opportunity we won't miss.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Andy, just following up on the NIM. As we think out medium and longer-term just keeping the rate environment stable, it seems like you do have some levers on the long-term debt that you mentioned earlier, some starts to run off in 2Q. But also if I look at the short-term borrowings, the rate on that is pretty high. So I'm just wondering how you think the mix is going to evolve over time with all this good deposit growth and maybe some runoff of the wholesale borrowing. So one, how does that progress? And then two, obviously the impact on the NIM, what do you expect that to be?
Andrew Cecere: Right. So Matt, the way I'll answer that is as if I look at the last 12 months, if I take out the securities build and the cash position, our NIM was relatively stable, almost flat. And as we look into the first quarter and we looked at the fourth quarter here, I think that same phenomenon holds true. So the negative next year will be the securities portfolio reinvestment. The positive will be the debt maturities and the coming on at a lower rate, and those 2 things sort of offsets. So as I said in the first quarter, maybe down 3 to 5, principally due to that cash position. And we also talked about the fact that loan spreads overall are stabilizing.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So after 1Q level, relatively stable, but 2Q and going forward, your best guess at this point?
Andrew Cecere: Yes, I'm going to stick to that sort of 90-day outlook and again, the 90-day is down 3 to 5.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. I guess, is there anything unusual in your short-term borrowings, that $30 billion or so at a rate of 161 basis points?
Andrew Cecere: Yes, there is, Matt. We have our corporate payment systems rebates, which go through that line. And that looks -- it causes the rate to look a little higher than it really is.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just separately, the whole merchant lawsuit against Visa, MasterCard over credit card interchange, any thoughts on that or the time line of the progression there?
Richard K. Davis: No, this is Richard. Not really, I mean, this thing is age-old. I think you know as much as I know about how much was put away years ago for a potential litigation in Class A shares. And at this point, we're not aware of anything more than you are. And at this point, I don't think we make any decisions based on the information that's not current.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess, if there was ever a settlement charge, I believe, you're carrying your Class B at cost, so you're probably a little better insulated there versus some banks that have sold their shares.
Richard K. Davis: Yes, that would be accurate.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And the wildcard is obviously the interchange rate if there is ever...
Richard K. Davis: Yes, that will be a wildcard, capital W, right?
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Foran with Nomura.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Just on the merchant processing services fees and the acceleration in growth. And I know some new business initiatives were referenced but also some accrual reversals. Where do you think the kind of core year-over-year growth trend is going forward relative to the 17% we saw this quarter?
Andrew Cecere: So Brian, the same-store sales, which is a principal driver of that, was up about just under 4%, 3.8%. And typically, we grow just above same-store sales because of the fact the we're booking and gaining share and booking new merchants. So I would say, if you think about same-store sales at 4%, perhaps a couple of points above that in terms of normalized growth rate on an ongoing basis.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And then in cards, you're one of the few who's been able to grow balances recently without giving up on yields, and your yields are actually up a little bit. Is there anything obvious you're doing different than peers, types of businesses or the offers you're running or some of the acquisitions you've done recently that's driving those yields to go up?
Richard K. Davis: It's Richard. It's all of those things. First of all, we're not aggressive acquirers. If you go to your mailbox, you won't see us as often. And if you do, you won't see these 18-month 0% interest rate, whatever. And we just -- we don't do that because we want to book sustainable, repeatable kind of clients. So it's number one. Number two, our branches have kicked in big time in the last couple of years and become a much more significant part of originations, where the relationship now is part of that checking account and the credit and debit relationship. And so those are much higher-quality customers and the cost of acquisition is substantially lower. And then lastly, you are right, the acquisitions that we pick up, we only pick them up not for an asset build because we don't need that. It's only because we think it builds on the core capability we have to expand that business line and grow the revenue that we've picked up and extend the relationship, not because we just think it's an asset pickup. So all of those. And I think it goes back to our very conservative approach to underwriting. And while we will miss volumes and give up what others might go for in the near term, one thing you count on is we won't be apologizing for a year or 3 years from now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Ian Foley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: It's actually Ian Foley for Ken. Quick question on the mortgage banking run rate, obviously, high this quarter, given the refi activity. Any thoughts on what industry volumes we set to and where gain-on-sale margins go from here?
Andrew Cecere: We did have a strong quarter. And part of the reason was the increase in production versus the linked quarter and part of it was the increase in gain on sale. As we look into the first quarter, I would say that we sort of see stable levels. About 70% of the activity in the fourth quarter was related to the refinance activity, and that's driven by the low-rate environment. And that continues as far as we can see here in the first few weeks of January.
Richard K. Davis: Things are strong. I mean, I think quarter 4 was our second-largest quarter in history and 50% over quarter 3. Quarter 1 is typically seasonally lower just because of the weather and the history that we've all seen. But we expect that nice trend to continue. That's one of our core strengths and we like exactly the amount that we do at the level we do it, and it's a good companion to the rest of the loan growth that we have.
Ian Foley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Got you. And one quick follow-up on -- I wanted to ask on corporate payments. Year-over-year growth turned negative after a couple of good quarters of growth, wanted to know if there's anything you could offer there.
Richard K. Davis: Yes, well, it's slightly and it's partly because of the government business that we have. Our corporate payments are huge for corporate America, but they're also very significant for government businesses. First of all, quarter 4 is the worst quarter of the 4 because quarter 3 is the best. It's the way the annual government calendar works, and so that's usual. Slight year-over-year would be just the fact that there is a trepidation right now by all government agencies to be watchful on what they're spending as you so well know, given what's happened with the potential deficit. So it's not significant. We don't expect it to get worse or better either direction very much, and the rest of this is just seasonal, so I wouldn't read much into it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I just had a couple of follow-up questions on the mortgage servicing matters, the $130 million in the quarter. I know you mentioned that it was going to be continuing for the next couple of quarters. And the question is two-part. One is are you implying that we should be baking in $130 million a quarter for the next 2 or 3 quarters? And then I'm just trying to understand why it's over a couple of quarters as opposed to just being done all at once.
Andrew Cecere: No, Betsy, I'm sorry. Here's what's happening. The $130 million, it's a one-time event. In addition to the $130 million in our professional services line, we have about $38 million of servicing-related expenses related to the consent order. That $38 million will continue. That's a run rate item. The $130 million, that is a one-time item.
Richard K. Davis: Yes, thanks for the clarification because I would not want that to be mistaken. We're not putting any of the run rate cost into that reserve. We're simply putting a one-time issue out there for potential matters that we're working on right now with the government agencies. And they are not related at all really to each other at that.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And the $38 million just goes into the expense line...
Richard K. Davis: It's in there now...
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And that's there in 4Q right now?
Richard K. Davis: Exactly.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Miller with FBR Capital Markets.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Just follow-up on Betsy. Can you elaborate a little bit more on potential matters? I mean, it seems like this is popping up in a couple of other earnings announcements. And I think it's confusing the Street exactly what this stuff is.
Richard K. Davis: Yes -- no. I mean, only because I don't really have that much to offer you. We have estimable and probable beliefs that there will be some discussions between some regulatory agencies and some government agencies on this matter that you would know about, which started with the AG's a year ago. It is accurate that the banks to be on that. The big 5 have been invited into the conversations, and for that, we believe we have something that we need to reserve for. But to the extent that there has been no settlement, there has not been a final decision, we don't even know exactly who that would end up being for, I feel comfortable that the amount is a good predictor of putting something behind us. But it's not necessarily intended to be the final answer and it's not necessarily intended to be reflective of having completed any final decisions.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: So not to put words in your mouth, is this related to the AG robo-signing lawsuit that they're trying to expand to the top 14 services?
Richard K. Davis: It's partly that, Paul. It's related to any of the mortgage activities that you've read about in the last year, where it could be AGs, it could be agencies, it could be regulators, any of whom may want to levy any kind of an assessment against the banks that have been part of that consent order or found outside the consumer to have done anything less than perfect in the mortgage servicing area, and we're part of that discussion. It's not a very substantial thing for us, but we thought appropriate to go ahead and call it now, get the majority of it behind us, market and do a reserve, and then we'll provide some details around it as we get them in the coming quarters.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay. So this is not reps and warrants, this is just related to the servicing side of it?
Richard K. Davis: That's correct.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And then can you -- and you talked about you had some nice growth on residential lending and you talked a little bit about that's coming from refi activity as you guys growing market share in the mortgage business. Can you elaborate a little bit more on exactly -- are these all jumbo loans? Are these 30-year fixed rate loans? Are these 5/1 adjustable loans? Can -- what type of parameters are you putting onto the balance sheet for these resi loans?
P. W. Parker: Yes, this is Bill Parker. There's 2 main pieces, there is -- about 2/3 of it is jumbos, a lot of it coming through our private client group activity. But another part of it is much smaller refinances that we do out of the branches. Those are very low loan-to-value. Those are primarily fixed rate loans, generally 15-, 20-year fixed rate loans. They're shorter amortization loans.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And on the jumbo loans, what type of -- are they usually a 30-year? Are they 5/1s? What type of rates are you giving on them?
P. W. Parker: Well, we stay competitive with the market, so the spreads, the all-in rates are 4% right now. And we do, do ARMs there. We do, do 30-year fixed. So it's...
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Are they mostly -- are the jumbos mostly ARMs or is a mix?
P. W. Parker: It's a mix.
Operator: Our next question comes from Marty Mosby with Guggenheim.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: I had a question about the growth in investment securities. It seems that you're diverting that over to the held-to-maturity instead of putting it in available-for-sale. Is it a product that you're putting over there? Or what's your thought process about putting it in that category?
Andrew Cecere: Marty, this is Andy. Most of our security purchases that we've increase over the last year are related to the liquidity coverage ratio under Basel III because we intend to hold those, have been put in the held-to-maturity category. And part of the reason for that is the volatility around the capital ratio does not include held-to-maturity, so we're trying to manage the volatility. And given the fact that we're going to hold them, we thought that was the prudent place to put them.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: So it's like kind of defensive measure for when rates go up, you wouldn't have to take the haircut into your common capital ratios.
Andrew Cecere: Right. Only available-for-sale goes to the Basel III ratio.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Right. And then when you look at loan growth, you're really looking at commercial and industrial line and the residential side, which in my mind, really reflects the consolidation back within the banking sector. In other words, as one part of the economy is working, it's C&I positioned to be able to capture more than your fair share of that. And then on the mortgage side, again you're being able to retain. So those are the 2 places that we're seeing some real traction in the economy and a shift back to banking.
Richard K. Davis: That would be fair. We do see at U.S. Bank, I think we're different in this category, Small Business. We've had amazing growth in the last couple of years, including just this last quarter. Linked quarter growth was 1%, year-over-year, it's 5%. The deposits are almost 3x those statistics. And the reason for that, Marty, is Small Business was an area that we really started to put an energy in a couple of years ago. It takes a while to get both the front and the back office reset. The branches are now much more capable of culling officers and Small Business underwriters. And to the extent that we've been able to accomplish that, we're taking probably as much or more market share in the Small Business than we are on anything else at the bank, including large corporate. It doesn't move the needle very much, but for us, it's a very important undertow for the kind of future growth that we can expect, especially when small business America starts to pick up and the recovery hits. So you can't really see it in the numbers too much. And then we're actually -- we're hanging in there pretty steady on autos and home equity and the other consumer loan categories. You can see we're one of the few that ever has absolute growth in those categories. We don't do it on giving up marginally, we just underwrite the high qualities. And we never underwrote at levels we couldn't continue through the recession because we didn't stretch in the first place. So I think across the board, virtually all of our categories show some form of strength, and on a relative basis, I think top-of-class.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: And just lastly, on your payout ratio, you said the long-term 60% to 80% range. You kind of in answering another question said we might not get to that range. Is it not that you wouldn't get to closer to the bottom end of that range at least next year?
Richard K. Davis: So you can do the math. But I've made it clear we've gone close to the level that we've been permitted to on the dividends in the CCAR. And that would be something below 30%. And if I want to get to the 60%, I'd have to do at least 30% or request that of the buybacks, and we are in that range. So to the extent that we get permission for that, then we'll get into the lower end of the range that we've offered. But as I also said to the earlier response that it may not be an exact mix I want, not in one fell swoop. So we'll get there over time, and I think we'll make a good step forward in the next couple months.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Mayo with Credit Agricole.
Chris Spahr - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: This is Chris Spahr on behalf of Mike. I just have a question regarding the Consumer Banking business line and the efficiency ratio, it's in low 60s for a while now. I'm just wondering where you think it can go over time as the mortgage expense reduces. And if so, will you be shifting your kind of your overall efficiency target from the low 50s to the mid 40s or the -- where it's been prior to the crisis?
Richard K. Davis: Chris, it's funny. Don't be disappointed in me, but we don't ever look at the efficiency ratio as a measure for the Consumer Bank. It's just an outcome. You're right in knowing that we put our national consumer lending businesses and our mortgage business in the consumer line. So to the extent that the mortgage cost are higher during this consent order and the cost of compliance, that's definitely a nonsustainable activity. I'll also remind you the branches are the biggest part of that. And right now, a branch doesn't make as much as money as it used to unless it can get back to making a lot of loans at really nice margins. It's a big data deposit collector at amazing levels and that's actually an expense to them the way we collect it. So overall, I'm not surprised it's higher than it's been in the run rate, and we actually are quite a big believer that the branches have a role in the future, it might be a slightly adjusted one. But I wouldn't read too much into that except to say that given the moments in time for the reasons I described, it's probably looking less efficient. But as a collector of deposits and a creator of credit cards and things I mentioned earlier, it's still got a great deal of value here.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nancy Bush with NAB Research, LLC.
Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division: Richard, could you just talk a little bit about your outlook for the payments businesses as a whole? I mean, given the sort of slowing global environment we've got right now, is that still going to be a growth area for your company? And is that going to be a target for acquisitions?
Richard K. Davis: Good question. Yes and yes. And as it relates to growth, one of the reasons is because we were primarily a merchant acquirer domestically for a few years. Few years ago, we moved into Western Europe in great stead. Now we're moving into Eastern Europe, Central America, Mexico, South America. And those are all actually good moves because those markets, some of them were actually have a higher forecast for growth than the ones that we're in. And we're growing substantially in all of those markets, even the old-fashioned ones. So I like the fact that our growth is greater organically than maybe the market share is growing itself. But we get this chance to, I think, grow on a troubling basis. Acquisitions, absolutely. This payment business that we created for acquisitions, this international payments capability, it's really plug-and-play. So when we entered into Brazil last year, we were literally going in there and in a matter of a couple of weeks, we were able to transact for merchants in Brazil in their native currency and be up and running faster than anybody else who came into that kind of expanding world. On the traditional credit card, both corporate and consumer cards, we still like the business, absent some big surprise where someone could take away the metrics and value of what it is to be a card issuer, it's a great relationship tool for our customers. They like the rewards programs, which I know we have some of the best cards. And we compete very effectively with these monolines and those who are doing this as a majority of their business. So we're going to keep growing it. I think we grew our portfolio more than most. And if I can't do it organically, I'll continue to seek acquisitions in the more traditional credit card. So we like it across the board. I see it as a cylinder that's been operating at 60% during the recession but just ready to be rubbed into things when the world gets better. And we'll take it here and we'll take it overseas.
Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division: And also I was going to ask you the question about the sort of changing view of branch banking in the industry right now. And you alluded to it in the prior question, just saying that branches will still have a role, although it may be altered. Can you just talk about that a little bit?
Richard K. Davis: Yes, I'd be happy to. First of all, the transaction activity in the branches more likely, I think, we all agree is going to come down. People have, with mobile banking and just changing behaviors, they don't see the need to come into a branch as often as they used to meet with the teller for a nonconsultative activity just to move money across the counter. So that is what starts to change. But I think we also see an entirely higher value of this guidance-giving consultative role that you have for an investment decision, a trust, a long-term family trust, an opportunity to buy a home. And in this case with interest rates low, you can't see the value of what branches will become when rates start to move up again. And the traditional old-fashioned CD, which just rolls over on its own, starts to become less attractive like it was 5 or 6 years ago because there is a less-insured alternative in a mutual fund or an annuity that really deserves a lot of conversation and some eyeball-to-eyeball opportunity or branches will kick in big time and will have all kinds of opportunities for them to become more effective. So my view of the branch is you shrink the teller line, you increase the privacy areas, you change your hours, you make yourself more available to people when they need to come and talk about something private and personal and you probably have a different staffing composition. But you still have those locations on the corner of Main and Wall, I guess, for people to come in and do what they can't do over the phone, and probably for a long time, won't want to do online.
Operator: Our next question comes from Todd Hagerman with Sterne Agee.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Just Andy, a follow-up in terms of the fee outlook in Durbin in particular. You've mentioned that there's a number of kind of strength in terms of the fee businesses that can help offset that. I'm just curious, again kind of follow-up on the previous question on the merchant payments business. There was commentary in the release surrounding some pricing changes, and in part, tied to some of the legislative mitigation efforts. I'm just curious with that. Does that mean you're potentially accelerating kind of that 50% offset target that you'd previously mentioned?
Andrew Cecere: No. So that was considered in the 50%, Todd. So just to be specific, $77 million was the impact to Durbin in quarter 4, full year run rate is just over $300 million. Quarter 4 is the first quarter that reflected it. We do have some mitigation in there, as we talked about before. I would say we talked about 30% to 50% mitigation. And right now, we're on the low end and we expect to continue to have different pricing mechanisms to get us closer to that 50% by the end of 2012.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. Is that something again outside of the payments business but something more along the lines in terms of the traditional consumer pricing, product packaging, that sort of thing?
Andrew Cecere: Right. I would say the principal mitigation is our Checking With Choice product, which is a product that charges for a checking account, but has very clearly articulated methods to not be charged, $6.95 with electronic statements, $8.95 with paper. But there are a number of mechanisms that customers can undertake to not be charged. And it's very clear and it's actually proven to be a quite popular product.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just unrelated, just in terms of credit on the restructured credit line. I'm just curious, Bill. When should we expect to start seeing kind of that inflection point on the restructured line? And just obviously been a very successful program for the company, I'm just curious, as we get to the later stages of the cycle, when we might start to see that potentially moderate.
P. W. Parker: You're looking at troubled debt restructuring?
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Correct.
P. W. Parker: Yes. So I mean, because of the accounting changes that took place third quarter and then fourth quarter, it's probably still going to go up for the next several quarters before it truly inflects. So I would actually think of later in 2012. But some of the categories, we're starting to see -- we do fewer modifications now on the residential than we did. And that's just because we're getting further and further into the cycle and our delinquencies keep going down so...
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Right. And is there any impact or opportunity as it relates to kind of the new HARP II program that came out? Is that influencing that at all? Or is it again kind of the majority, the proprietary mod programs the bank has implemented?
P. W. Parker: Well, the HARP will be primarily on our service portfolio, our Freddie-Fannie agency portfolio. So that won't be in our on-balance sheet numbers. So the on-balance sheet is proprietary programs, HAMP programs. That's what we focus on, on-balance sheet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Mutascio with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher M. Mutascio - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Richard, I wonder if you could help me out with a macro question on C&I loan growth. And if you had covered this in your opening remarks, I apologize. But some of my banks are saying, or all my banks are saying somewhat the same thing, that line utilization rates really are not improving. And we're taking -- the growth we're getting is we're taking share from others. If that was true, then it'd be a zero-sum gain when I look at the H.8 data. In other words, the C&I loan growth and the H.8 data wouldn't show the growth we've seen over the last 2 to 3 quarters. So where is this coming from? And more importantly, could some of the growth be attributable to customers taking advantage of accelerated depreciation on CapEx before year end?
Richard K. Davis: Well, the last part is yes, for sure. And we think that, that was present everywhere. I'm going to agree with you emphatically. I mean, for years, I've sat here and before I was the CEO saying, "How can everybody be growing market share if isn't growing that fast?" And the H.8 data sometime surprises me because I think we have probably the best loan growth, and sometimes it sounds like we're right on average. So I think it misses some of the refinances, some of this portfolio sales and the movement in and out of the system. I think it's a gross number. So I don't count on it, by the way. That's too much of a proxy, maybe just a direction on trends. I will tell you this, though, the C&I loan business is strong because customers are now mature in this recession. They know what they're doing. They've reset their balance sheets. They're hoarding cash to be prepared. But those M&A opportunities coming to the bank in the form of a loan or a financing opportunity, if they're going to do some form of growth, they're going to come to the bank only after they've expended their own deposits. So I've said this before, but as long as, Chris, the money in the banks are this high and much of it is coming from corporations and consumers, it's your first proxy that they're not going to use the lines of credit they have. In our case, we all do our own definition, but we measure our wholesale lines of credit, not consumer. And we are as flat as flat could be for the last couple of quarters. We are growing commitments, like 11% to 12%, but the reasons we're hitting a reduced to flat utilization is because the people we're adding aren't even using the line they're getting at the levels that our current book is. So it's a good news when things pop. It's an expected outcome when people are trying to prepare for potentially a future that they didn't want to be surprised again. But it doesn't really put any money in the bank, except for the original origination fee. So I think it's okay for you to hear that utilization is down or flat. It's consistent to say the commitments are up, so people are booking more. Those are actually related, but I do think the H.8 data is a gross number that overestimates some of the activity in the business because I don't think you're seeing that much loan growth all together, not on the net.
Christopher M. Mutascio - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: If people are taking advantage of the accelerated depreciation, would you expect C&I loan growth to slow in the first half of 2012 versus the second half of 2011?
Richard K. Davis: As a matter of fact, I think that will. It won't be just for that, it's seasonal anyway. But we've enjoyed a really robust continued trend. We will continue to grow our loans. It will be something less than this quarter but more like last year in the first quarter because we don't see that same robustness. And I think it has a lot to do with what you just said. But I'm not trying to telegraph we won't have growth, I'm just telling you that the 2.4% total book was probably a high watermark for last year, and we won't see that again until later this year when the year ages and things become a little more normal. And I'm glad for the question because I think it's important people don't think the lack of loan growth getting bigger and bigger is a consideration that the economy isn't strong. I think the fact that there's loan growth at all says that the economy is doing pretty well. So people are going to put it in cash before they take the bank's money, and I think that's important to note.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Dunn with Meredith Whitney Group.
John Dunn: Just one more branch question, if you wouldn't mind. Can you give us a sense of what the profitability of a hybrid branch versus a traditional bank branch would be? And then I think you had, in the past, referenced 25 to 50 branch openings per year. Is that still your outlook?
Richard K. Davis: Yes. I'll answer the nonnumeric number. Andy is the smart guy of the 2 of us. We are still going to open 25 to 50 net locations wholly. Almost 1/3 of our locations now are what you call hybrid. They are on corporate sites, they're in grocery stores and they have been extremely useful to us. I think people used to think that we are building branches on the cheap. I'd like to think we're actually seeing the future, realizing that the transaction part of branches don't need to be the old-fashioned brick-and-mortar. And that's going to continue. I will tell you, though that it's the same thing. It's about half the cost to breakeven on a nontraditional branch as is the traditional. It's doesn't grow to be as big over 20 years as a traditional. But at the end of the day, they both need to make loans to make money for the bank. They just need to be originators of mortgages, credit cards and old-fashioned auto loans. And those are all starting to come back, but they're not at the levels they were before the recession. So in a relative basis, they're both under some form of stress. The traditional branches will take longer to recover because it's got a bigger expense base. But I'm glad that we have both mixes because based on my answer to Nancy, we're going to need those traditional locations if they're in the right place and the right community for those more traditional questions. And Andy, on the financial side...
Andrew Cecere: Yes, on the financial side, just building on what you said. When both are mature, the traditional branch because it has more loan activity is the more profitable. But the in-store builds to a breakeven in a more rapid fashion because of the lower investment requirement, at times 0.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I will now turn the conference back to Judy Murphy for closing remarks.
Judith T. Murphy: Great. Thank you, all, for listening to our review of our fourth quarter results. And as usual, if you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to give us call.
Richard K. Davis: Thanks, everybody.
Andrew Cecere: Thank you.
P. W. Parker: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-19 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard K. Davis - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Risk Management Committee P. W. Parker - Chief Credit Officer and Executive Vice President Judith T. Murphy - Senior Vice President, Director of Investor Relations and Analyst Andrew Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Unknown Analyst -  Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Ed Najarian - ISI Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorp's Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Richard Davis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; is Andy Cecere, U.S. Bancorp's Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer. There will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately noon Eastern Time, through Wednesday, October 26, 12:00 midnight Eastern Time. I will now turn the conference call over to Judy Murphy, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Judith T. Murphy: Thank you, Tiffany, and good morning to everyone who has joined our call. Richard Davis, Andy Cecere and Bill Parker are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorp's third quarter 2011 results and to answer your questions. Richard and Andy will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of the slide presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental analysts' schedules, are available on our website at usbank.com. I would like to remind you that there are forward-looking statements made today during the call and they are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of today's presentation in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard K. Davis: Thank you, Judy. And good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. I'd like to begin by saying that I'm very proud of our third quarter results. The company achieved both record earnings and record total net revenue this quarter, along with positive operating leverage year-over-year and linked quarter. And we accomplished these results while facing the headwinds of a very challenging and uncertain economic environment. I'd like to point out a few of the highlights from our third quarter earnings, which are detailed on Page 3 of the presentations. U.S. Bank reported record net income of $1,273,000,000 for the third quarter of 2011; $0.64 per diluted common share. Earnings per share were $0.19 higher than the third quarter of 2010 and $0.04 higher than the prior quarter. We achieved record total net revenue of $4.8 billion this quarter, which was 4.5% higher than the same quarter of 2010 and 2.2% higher than the second quarter of 2011. Revenue was driven by growth in both net interest income and fee income. Total average loans grew year-over-year by 5% or 4.5% excluding acquisitions. And we realized linked quarter total loan growth of 1.7%. Once again, we benefited from strong growth in average low-cost deposits with balances increasing by 23.2% over the third quarter of 2010 and 4.7% over the second quarter of 2011. Credit quality continued to improve as we posted a decline in net charge-offs of 10.4% and reduction in non-performing assets excluding covered assets of 6.9% on a linked-quarter basis. Our capital position remained strong as we continue to generate significant capital each quarter through earnings. Our Tier 1 common equity ratio was 8.5% at September 30 or 8.2% using anticipated Basel III guidelines, while the Tier 1 capital ratio ended the quarter at 10.8%. Finally, we repurchased 13 million shares of common stock during the third quarter. As a result, we returned 45% of our earnings to shareholders this quarter in the form of dividends and buybacks. The 5-quarter trend of our industry-leading performance metrics are shown on the left-hand of Slide 4. Return on average assets in the third quarter was 1.57%. And return on average common equity was 16.1%, significantly better than the 1.26% and 12.8% respectively that we reported last year. Our net interest margin and efficiency ratio are shown on the graph on the right side of Slide 4. As expected, this quarter's net interest margin of 3.65% was lower than the same quarter of last year and the prior quarter. And Andy will discuss the factors that led to this change in a few minutes.  As I mentioned at the start, we achieved positive operating leverage on both a year-over-year and linked quarter basis leading to an improvement in our third quarter efficiency ratio. Our 51.5% efficiency ratio for the third quarter is consistent with our expectation that this ratio will remain in the low 50s going forward.  Turning to Slide 5, as I previously noted, our capital position remains strong and continues to grow. Our Tier 1 common ratio under Basel III guidelines at September 30 was 8.2%, well above the 7% Basel III level required in 2019. We have not yet received final regulatory guidance as to the amount of capital we will be required to hold as a systemically important financial institution or SIFI buffer. Given our current capital levels, however, we are confident that we will be able to meet those guidelines through internal capital generation once they are established. In the meantime, we will continue to return capital to our shareholders in the form of dividends and buybacks, eventually reaching our goal of returning 60% to 80% of our earnings.  Average total loans outstanding increased by $9.7 billion or 5% year-over-year and 4.5% adjusted for acquisitions. Significantly, new loan originations excluding mortgage production, plus new and renewed commitments, totaled over $46 billion this quarter compared with approximately $37 billion in the third quarter of last year, representing a 25% increase in renewal and new activity. Specifically, total corporate and commercial commitments outstanding increased by 16.8% year-over-year and 5.8% linked quarter, indicating we continue to gain customers and market share, and we are well positioned to meet the demand for loans once our customers are more confident in investing in their businesses as the economy recovers. Although you may think of our middle market and large customers when discussing new commitments, numbers also include our Small Business lending. We just announced this week, that U.S. Bank has set a new company record for SBA loan approvals with a total of $630 million for the SBA fiscal year ending September 30. This represents a 123% year-over-year increase in loan approvals for our company. And SBA loans are just one piece of the Small Business lending that we do. In fact, our branches grew non-SBA Small Business average loans outstanding by over 12% year-over-year.  Total average deposits increased by $32.7 billion or 17.9% over the same quarter of last year. Total average deposits grew by $6 billion on a linked-quarter basis or 2.9%. With strong growth in Corporate Trust, Consumer Banking and Wholesale Banking over both time periods, the customers continue to hold historically high levels of cash, viewing our bank as a trusted safe place to turn.  Additionally, we've recently published FDIC market share data. It indicates that our company grew deposits significantly more in the U.S. markets as a whole. U.S. Bank grew deposits 15.8% between June 30, 2010 and June 30, 2011 compared with the 6.8% growth rate for the total U.S. market, confirming that we have definitely increased our overall deposit market share. Turning to Slide 7, the company reported record total net revenue in the third quarter of $4.8 billion, an increase of 4.5% over the prior year's quarter and 2.2% over the previous quarter. The growth in revenue can be attributed to both our balance sheet and Fee business lines, all of which have benefited from investments and many growth initiatives made throughout the downturn of the past 3 years, partially tempered, of course, by the impact of recent legislative and regulatory actions.  Turning to Slide 8 and credit quality. Third quarter total net charge-offs declined by 10.4% from the second quarter of 2011, while non-performing assets, excluding covered assets, decreased by 6.9%. This marks the sixth consecutive quarter of improvement in both measures.  Turning to Slide 9. As the graph on the left illustrates, early and late stage delinquencies, excluding covered assets, have continued to improve overall and are actually returning to pre-2008 levels. On the right-hand side of the slide, you can see that the trend in criticized assets was also positive this quarter. Both of these statistics provide us with assurance that net charge-offs and non-performing assets will trend lower in the fourth quarter.  With those statistics in mind, please turn to Slide 10. You can see that we recorded a provision for credit losses that was 78% of net charge-offs in the third quarter. This compares with the second quarter when we recorded a provision that was 77% of net charge-offs. The continued improvement on our credit quality once again supported the reduction in the allowance for credit losses, but the amount of the reserve release was $25 million lower than the previous quarter. The reduction in the amount of the reserve release reflected the fact that the net charge-off levels for several consumer loan categories, particularly credit card and auto loans, are beginning to stabilize. The underlying quality of the wholesale loan book, however, is expected to continue to show incremental improvement in the coming quarters. I'll now turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks, Richard. I'm going to take just a few minutes to discuss some of the details behind our record third quarter results. Slide 11 gives a full view of our third quarter 2011 compared to the prior quarter and the third quarter of 2010. Diluted EPS of $0.64 was 42.2% higher than the third quarter of 2010 and 6.7% higher than the prior quarter.  Slide 12 lists the key drivers of the company's third quarter earnings. The 40.2% increase in net income year-over-year was the result of a 4.5% increase in net revenue and a decrease in the provision for credit losses, partially offset by a 3.8% increase in non-interest expense year-over-year. Net income was 5.8% higher on a linked-quarter basis. This positive variance was the result of a 2.2% increase in net revenue and a favorable variance in the provision for loan losses, both of which more than offset the 2.1% increase in expense quarter-over-quarter. With the exception of the $150 million reserve release, our third quarter results did not include any notable income or expense items that would have impacted the comparison of our year-over-year or linked quarter earnings. Turning to Slide 13, net interest income increased year-over-year by $147 million or 5.9%. The increase was largely driven by the $34.4 billion or 13.6% increase in average earning assets, as well as the benefit from strong growth in low-cost deposits. The growth in average earning assets was driven by predicted increases in the securities portfolio, a higher cash position at the Federal Reserve and an increase in average loans. The net interest margin of 3.65% was lower than the same quarter of last year due to the expected increase in low-yielding investment securities and the higher cash balances at the Fed. On a linked-quarter basis, net interest income was higher by $80 million, the result of an $8.7 billion increase in average earning assets and a 2 basis-point decline in the net interest margin. The net interest margin was lower in the prior quarter due to the expected growth in lower-yielding investment securities as the company continues to add liquidity on the balance sheets. The investment securities portfolio at September 30 totaled $68.4 billion. And we expect the portfolio to reach $70 billion by year end. We also expect to maintain the investment securities portfolio at/or around that level for the foreseeable future given current Basel III liquidity requirements.  Turning to Slide 14, you can see more detail behind the change in average total loans outstanding. Average total loans grew by $9.7 billion or 5% year-over-year. Excluding covered loans, which are slowly running off, average total loans increased by 7.6% over the third quarter of 2010. As indicated on the chart, the increase in average total loans is principally driven by solid growth in residential mortgages and total commercial loans. The latter of which grew by a very strong 11.9%. This was the third consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth in average commercial loans. And the growth has been improving each quarter. On a linked-quarter basis, the 1.7% increase in average loans outstanding was primarily driven by the increase in commercial loans, which grew by 4.6% as well as residential real estate loans.  Slide 15 tracks the growth in total deposits over the past 5 quarters. Average total deposits grew by $32.7 billion or 17.9% year-over-year. Excluding acquisitions, the growth rate was 13.2%. On a linked-quarter basis, average deposits increased by 2.8% or approximately 11% annualized. Slide 16 provides more details about the changes in non-interest income on a year-over-year and linked-quarter basis. Non-interest income in the third quarter of 2011 was 2.9% higher than the third quarter of 2010. This variance was driven primarily by a growth in payments revenue, deposit service charges and commercial products revenue. These positive variances were partially offset by lower trust and investment management fees, principally the result of the sale of our long-term Asset Management business late in 2010, and mortgage banking revenue. On a linked-quarter basis, non-interest income was higher by $25 million or 1.2%. This favorable variance was primarily the result of higher payments revenue, deposit service charges and mortgage banking revenue, partially offset by lower trust and investment management fees. Deposit service charges benefited this quarter from the rollout of our new checking account redesign, as well as higher transaction volumes. A mortgage banking revenue which increased by $6 million linked quarter reflected a strong increase in application volume, partially offset by the unfavorable variance and then the net change in the MSR valuation and related hedge.  Recall that the new debit card pricing guidelines went into effect on October 1. Under the new pricing, we expect to see a reduction in debit fee revenue of approximately $75 million in the fourth quarter related to this pricing change, which is consistent with our previous estimate of a loss of $300 million on a full-year basis, based on our current portfolio and growth assumptions. As we have noted in the past, we expect to mitigate approximately 1/3 to 1/2 of the reduction in the revenue related to all regulatory changes by modifying our checking account products and pricing, any other changes to which are in process and partially reflected numbers this quarter. We do not, however, have plans at this point, to assess a debit card fee. Slide 17 highlights non-interest expense, which was higher year-over-year by $91 million or 3.8%. The majority of the increase can be attributed to a higher compensation and benefits expense, occupancy, investments in affordable housing and other tax advantage products, and an increase in professional services, primarily due to the foreclosure review project. The expense related to this project, about $25 million per quarter, is expected to be in our run rate for the next few quarters. Or until the foreclosure review is complete. On a linked quarter basis, non-interest expense was higher by $51 million or 2.1% due to compensation, professional services, and marketing and business development expense. Finally, the tax rate on a taxable equivalent basis was 30.4% in the third quarter of 2011 equal to the second quarter of 2011 but higher than the 25.9% in the third quarter of 2010.  Slide 18 is included to provide updated detail on the company's mortgage repurchase-related expense and the reserve for expected losses on repurchases and make-whole payments. Note that we do not participate in the private placement securitization market. We expect mortgage repurchase activity to continue to moderate lower over the next few quarters. Outstanding repurchases and make-whole request balances at September 30 was $115 million compared with $123 million at June 30.  I'll now turn the call back to Richard.
Richard K. Davis: Thank you, Andy. To conclude our formal remarks, I will call your attention to Slide #19. To sum it up, we had a very good quarter. We grew both loans and commitments. And the overall credit quality of our portfolio continued to improve. We had excellent deposit growth, and gained market deposit -- market share. We grew both our balance sheet and our fee-based revenues, and attained record total net revenue. We realized positive operating leverage and earned record net income. Our capital and liquidity position remained strong and growing. We were able to return 45% of our earnings to our shareholders, and we once again achieved industry-leading performance metrics. All of this, despite the challenges of a difficult and uncertain economic environment, further demonstrating the value of our company's diversified business model, prudent approach to risk management and sound growth strategies.  We're a bank. And we're proud to be a bank. On one hand, we're managing our business through a difficult and complex environment, which includes a fragile economy, increasing regulatory oversight, reputation risk and competitive pressures. On the other hand, we're providing our customers, consumers, small businesses, large corporations, institutions and government entities with the products and services they need to achieve their own financial goals. We're in this together. And we're trying to strive to do our part, not at the expense of others, but for the benefit of all of our constituents, including customers, employees, communities and shareholders.  Our company has created momentum by adhering to the disciplined business strategy and investing through the cycle. We've adapted and will continue to adapt to this changing environment with a focus on the future. We're positioned to win during a difficult and strong economic time. This concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Bill and I would now be happy to answer questions from our audience.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question kind comes from the line of Ed Najarian of ISI Group.
Ed Najarian - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: A couple of quick questions. Richard, we obviously saw a pretty good across-the-board improvement in credit quality, and as well the delinquencies declining more than we're seeing with peers, which I guess is what gave you the confidence for your fourth quarter statement. How do you look at that in terms of increasing the paces or keeping or increasing the pace of reserve recapture from here? We're seeing a lot of banks that recapture a lot of reserves in prior quarters and are actually slowing that down. You guys, on the other hand, are speeding that up. I'm just sort of wondering how you're thinking about that in your head.
Richard K. Davis: First of all, we're kind of -- we're last to kind of come in to this because our credit quality was better from the beginning. And so, it probably never hit any kind of a peak. We're actually are starting now to come back down. So I think we'll declare the last quarter, quarter 2, the quarter before this one, as probably the peak of reserve release at 175. But you'll still continue to see reserve release because we're not yet at our sustained credit quality levels that we've said over the course, will be about 1% in total charge-offs. Having said that, you all note that we have a math that goes along with the development of our total loan loss provision, which includes a kind of a forward four quarter arithmetic around what's happening to consumers, which is actually showing some stability now, reaching that point. And on commercial, it's much more lumpy, and therefore, we kind of take it at 90-day increments. So that's why we're comfortable that the consumer portfolio continues to show improvement with the delinquencies, forecasting improvement in total charge-offs. That will continue to kind of slight soft landing, if you will, into something more steady over the course of time. But commercial, Commercial Real Estate are still lumpy and higher than they will be over the course, which also tells me we're not yet where we need to be. Going further, as I've told you before, we think this is about a 1% net charge-off over the course company, primarily because we have such a significant credit card portfolio. And I do predict that we will go below 1% in total charge-offs before we come back to it as we kind of overswing the economy will take us to that point. I've been pleading with the regulators and the accountants to let us, as banks, not miss this chance to soften the impacts of counter cyclicality and allow us to determine what our over-the-cycle minimum level of loan loss provisions needs to be. And don't ask us, don't force us to go beyond that, so that we all have to start building back loan loss reserves a couple of years from now when we swing back. I'm not getting a whole lot of resonance, by the way, on my plea, but at least I'm still out there asking for it. But you can see this company's moving down toward the 1%. It doesn't happen in one quarter. You'll see the steady pace we have is probably what you could estimate over the next few quarters. And so reserve releases will continue until we hit that point where we think we've got a sustainable level of loan loss reserves.
Ed Najarian - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, thanks. And then, to follow up, you talked about getting to that 60% to 80% total payout ratio in terms of buybacks and dividends. Is that something -- I know you've got to go through the next round of capital assessments with the Fed, but is that something that you hope to get to as early as next year? And what is the kind of -- along with that, what is the kind of range of dividend payout ratio, you're hoping to get to for next year?
Richard K. Davis: Yes, there's a lot in there, right? And you said it first. I have to go through all the prescribed gateways to get what we want. But what we're going to be asking for in our stress test for the CCAR, which will happen at year's end, is an increase to our dividend that stays within our committed 30% to 40%, and moves beyond what was the last year's first CCAR test of maximum 30%. But we're going to stick with that 30% to 40% as a range against that we think is a reasonable forecast of earnings for this company. And of course, they'll put it against the very tedious stress test, which we do ourselves, by the way, and we can withstand a lot of stress. And on top of that, we'll let the other 30% to 40% move up as we do the buybacks, and we'll seek additional permission. Although, Andy will tell you here in a second, we have plenty left in our current permissions. And then what's left over, as we put back into the company 20% to 40% in the form of organic investments, which you've all allowed us to do over the last few years, and/or acquisition opportunities that follow the same time that we've been doing over the last few years. The difference only between now and what we said, I don't know, 5 years ago, was it used to be 80% to shareholders and 20% to the company. Now we've given it more 30% to 40% of buybacks, 30% to 40% of dividends and 20% to 40% of what could be investments that we don't want to miss through this challenging time. But I hope to get to 60% to 80% as soon as I can. And I suspect that if I were left to my own devices, I'd get there a little faster than I'm going to be allowed to. But next year will be a good target. And we'll see how close we can get. Andy might just cover a little more color on the remaining [indiscernible].
Andrew Cecere: Right. So Ed, we are at 8.2% Tier 1 common Basel III and above the level impact that we think we need to be without the specificity of the SIFI yet here. So yes, we do expect to get back to that level in 2012. And we still have some buyback capacity remaining here in the fourth quarter.
Ed Najarian - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, thanks. That's really helpful. And then, just finally, any outlook in terms of this -- short-term outlook in terms of the net interest margin?
Andrew Cecere: Yes, this is Andy again. So the margin decrease on a linked-quarter basis was entirely due to our securities purchases. And on a year-over-year basis, it was entirely due to our securities purchases and the cash position at the Fed. You strip those 2 things out and we're basically flat. So we expect to continue to have securities purchases here into the fourth quarter, getting into that $70 billion, probably in the neighborhood of $3 billion or so. Simple math, is every $1 billion is a basis point. So I would expect the fourth quarter to be somewhere between 3 and 6 basis points down, depending upon the cash levels and the securities I just talked about. And however, I would also say that I would expect net interest income to be up, just the same phenomenon you saw this quarter, which was margin was down but net interest income was up.
Richard K. Davis: And then I'll add to that. History lesson for everybody, not that you asked for it. As you recall, about a year ago, we were given guidance by our regulators that our capital was quite sufficient and quite strong as it relates to the Basel III levels of total common. But at the same time, we were given the nod that we need to move up on our liquidity operation to have this balance sheet more fortress-ready. We've done that. And we're actually quite proud of that. And I don't think you heard us ever even indicate it as a problem for this company to achieve during which time we've been doing other things. We're glad we did it. And I think the timing was quite good. I'm glad we're virtually done with that liquidity build. I think you'll see that it's a good strong balance sheet with much more liquidity than before. And I'm glad we did it in the last year when probably it was more financially beneficial to do than to have to start it now. So with that as a backdrop, we really positioned ourselves. And every single way we've dealt with suspenders on, being a very strong company able to basically handle any kind of downturn that comes along. With that, we're hoping we'll get the permissions from the Federal Reserve to be recognized for that and allow us to move forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Foran of Nomura.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Can I ask a couple of questions on cards? I guess first, there's a lot of concern that if industry starts to grow again, yields will get competed down and your card book is up. It looks like it's up a little bit more than normal seasonality, if I'm reading it right. But your yields are up as well, and I'm talking on a quarter-over-quarter basis. Is there anything -- I guess what's driving the yields higher?
Andrew Cecere: The yields have a little bit to do with the revolve rate, Brian, and then a little bit also to do with the reserve for credit there, which is improving on the interest margin. So you think about the interest reversals. There's a reserve established. And as credit gets better, that reserve gets better. So that's a little bit in a factor. I think if you strip those 2 things out, the margin would be relatively flat.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I guess, going forward, is the old 9.2% to 9.3%, the run rate? Or is the new 9.6%, the right run rate to think about?
Andrew Cecere: A little bit's going to depend on the revolve rate on a go-forward basis. But I expect it to moderate down just a bit because, again, we did see some improvement in that reserve component that improved the rate this quarter.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And then you referenced the 1% normalized charge-off rate for the company, which at least when you first presented it back at the investor conference a year ago now, had a 5.5% credit card charge-off rate. Do you still feel like that's the normal level? Or obviously, we're going to be below that for a while here. Is there some argument that the new normal for cards is lower?
Richard K. Davis: Yes, we're certainly not a 5.5% credit card. Right now, you see us at the mid 4s in the credit card. And I think that's probably that kind of sustainable level you can expect. It will bounce up and down depending on the number of days in the quarter and even now on your spending trends. But I think you will see, of course, all of our portfolios, they're just at the high quality. We don't have any book of prime in our portfolio. We have some joint issuances with people like Kroeger. And we have some co-branded cards with some REI and others like that. But they perform very, very well. So Brian, I think you'll see us over the course have a boorish kind of a credit card charge-off. But we'll continue to grow that book. And it does affect the total 1% because it's a fairly significant part of our total charge-offs. But we think that's the right mix and probably the right quality to go after. And we're not going to get greedy and try to reach further back and change the underwriting that we have under credit cards, as the world gets maybe a little bit better. We're going to stick with our old knitting.
P. W. Parker: Yes, and I'll just add. Remember the 1% was a -- more of a through the credit-cycle type number. So it's not at any given point in time now or a fairly stable unemployment. So that's why we're seeing the good results right now.
Richard K. Davis: By Bill Parker. Professor Bill Parker.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: If I could ask one last one on the same theme, I mean, just the overall competitive environment in cards, as well as the data you get to see from a spending perspective in terms of the health of the consumer, how would you characterize both?
Richard K. Davis: I was looking for Bill. I thought he was going to answer. I would tell you that we've got a couple of things that give us insight to the consumer behavior. They -- first of all, Brian, are -- there has been encash [ph] on the deposit side, and they're very, very careful using their money on the credit side. So we expect to see same-store sales be a pretty good proxy for the kind of increase we have in the balance sheet, as the season starts to heat up for the holidays. And then they'll pay it back down. People are using their cash before they are using ours, so that's why you'll see kind of a moderate use of credit cards. But our insight says, that those that are creditworthy are actually pretty comfortable with their ability to use the charge card and to pay it down pretty quickly. And we don't have anybody know our portfolio that isn't creditworthy because we didn't have, in the first place, and anybody who's on the margin has since charged it off and haven't underwritten anybody new since. You won't go to your mailbox and see a ton of U.S. Bank direct mail. We do a lot of this origination through our direct customer contact, through branches and call centers and online. We deal mostly customers we know or have other relationships. And if we do extended it, its through this partnerships with other very high-quality companies, then we prefer this sense of trust. As you may have seen the other day, we introduced a new idea with REI where a customer can go into REI, make application for a credit card online, get approved while they're in the store and use the actual transaction as a credit line. Those are the kind of customers we'll deal with. But we will only deal with them at a very high credit quality level, so that we're not reaching down to try to grow the balance sheet at the risk of putting some less prime customers on in the future. I think you'll see -- what you see is we're a nice trajectory. Everything in our company, you all, is going to be a nice, steady, slow methodical recovery down to that average of 1% credit charge-offs over the course. And you'll see us sit there for quite a while because we're going to continue to underwrite at that level.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John McDonald of Sanford Bernstein.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Richard, really, just to clarify the commentary about the capital return. Last year, the Fed said requests for dividend payouts north of 30% would be given extra scrutiny. Did they give any informal cap that last year on like the total return that, that should be limited to 50% or anything like that? You noted that you had done about 45% this quarter, total return?
Richard K. Davis: Yes, John, they did not. Last year, in fact, the buybacks were silent. The entire issue last year was a maximum 30%, for what we included is common and preferred dividends, which is as you recall, which is why we want to leave a little room and then go right to the top. We haven't got any new guidance since then either, but we have had permission to move forward on our buyback plan, which is obvious because we've been doing it. So that kind of came inter-test. Now as the new test comes forward, I don't have any guidance on what they're going to propose. But given that they've let us get up to that 30% in dividends and approved us to do some actions on buyback, everything we did this quarter was within permitted balance. And 45% is the result but it wasn't a target. It just happened to be what we got to. I'm hoping that our current performance and our future stress test guidance will give us permission to at least go from this point now forward from 45% and up toward that 60%, dated [ph] that we spoke up with that.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And did those approvals around the buybacks that came subsequent to the dividend approvals, is that kind of a quarterly thing? Or is that just -- okay, you could do this for the rest of the year?
Andrew Cecere: That was a full year view, John, so we had a full year projected buyback plan consistent with the capital ratios that we set out in our plan, and that was approved as part of the overall CCAR.
Richard K. Davis: So John, what happens -- each company did it different because the rules were so vague last time, and I'll just give you an example. We put a proviso in our stress test plan that said, if and when we get to a certain capital Tier 1 common capital level, without any of us knowing what the SIFI buffer would be. In fact, a year ago I don't think that phrase was even out there yet. But if we get to this point then do we have permission to begin the buyback if we never go below that stated level? And that will be proviso that said yes. And as it -- we turn out, we actually got to that point sooner than we thought. And we also have permission to move sooner than we originally thought, and we got it. So kind of the interim test but it had to be kind of set up as part of the structure in the first round. And so lesson learned, is we'll make sure we set a lot of options for us to negotiate with them in the second year once we pay out the CCAR in January.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Right. Okay, got it. That's very helpful. So question for Andy on the NII. Outside of the impact of securities purchases, how have you been able to keep the NIM pretty flattish at a high level amid this kind of low and declining rate environment? What are some of the puts and takes that allow you to do that?
Andrew Cecere: Sure. So first of all, the margin on the loans has been relatively stable the last quarter. We had seen a bit of a decline in quarters 2 compared to prior quarters, but it stabilized a bit. A second, is we still have some room on the deposit side of the equation. Across both wholesale and consumer deposit pricing, we've moved down a little bit, consistent with the marketplace. We're still in the middle of the pack but we had a little room there. Third is we continue to have -- we have had and continue to have opportunity in terms of debt maturities and then the reissuance of debt. And we'll continue to see that in 2012. And so all those factors are part of the equation that gets me to that sort of 3 to 6 basis points.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And then maybe one for the Professor. Bill, do you -- what do you make of the flattening out of the home equity delinquencies? And that some other banks are kind of -- sound a little worried about mortgage credit double-dipping and turning in home equity. Charge-offs may be going up. But just -- can you give us your view there?
P. W. Parker: Yes, this is -- there's definitely a little seasonal pressure this time of the year. So that would be normal. I mean, our state, pretty flat. We're further and further away from kind of the originations that took place pre-'09 -- or pre-'08. And so we continue to work through whether it's modifications or just attrition of the older portfolios. So that gives us some confidence that we'll continue to see improvement. It'll be modest going forward because they're, obviously, with the home prices the way they are, there's still a fair amount of pressure on those old vintages. But we have good modification programs that we employ for all the products, so.
Richard K. Davis: John, this is Richard, in the OMG category, don't forget, we had this amazingly high-quality credit portfolio for home equity. I mean, if you look at anything, we didn't grow a lot in the first half of that 2000s. It was home equity. I mean for our size, you had to stick out. Where were you guys, because you weren't growing at that, fast. We did it through people we knew. And our customers are primarily people that we have other relationships with. And our seconds, in many, many cases follow our own first. And that people where we follow someone else's first, they're underwritten at very conservative levels. So that is -- of all the portfolios, it's probably our best, most pristine portfolio in the original stress test of -- in April 2009, our numbers were so low in the forward view, they asked us to take the next bank's -- next number because they couldn't model our number being that low. So it's a point of pride for us that we have really high-quality home equity. And our branch originators understand that we will only do those kind of home equities. So you will see very little volatility in risk as it compares to our peers.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And even with a little bit of pressure on severity from the home price, do you still expect the charge-offs to grind down both there and in the first mortgage book, too, Bill?
P. W. Parker: Yes. Slowly, but surely, yes.
Richard K. Davis: Underwriting comes through in the end.
P. W. Parker: Yes.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Two questions, one on Durbin and then one on Commercial Real Estate. On Durbin, you mentioned that you expect to be able to offset about 1/3 to 1/2 of all the regulatory issues including Durbin. I'm guess I'm just wondering over what time frame and how much of that is in the run rate? You mentioned some of it was?
Richard K. Davis: Yes, okay. So let's do our setup here. We think that those 3 categories where the Reg E activities, Card act and now Durbin. And for that total we're expecting to reach -- achieve a 30% to 50% recovery. We're, right now, Betsy, at 30%. That's in our numbers today. You get to 50%. I'm going to take all of next year. And the reason I'm going to do that is because we're not going to rush to judgment, we're not going to make a mistake here and we don't have to. And so right now I'm making something very clear. We will not get that $75 million that we started the quarterly loss for Durbin beginning this month. We're not going to try to hive it back this quarter or even in the first quarter of next year. We'll start working our way toward different ways of charging for services and customers are willing to pay for. We've got a great laboratory of watching a number of banks that have been doing the debit fee and we'll learn whether or not that's inelastic or elastic. We'll find out if customers complain and move, or just complain. We'll take all that in time and we'll make our decision. But over the course of now, to the end of next year, we will have achieved 50% of that total cost of loss, but it will take the rest of the year to get the extra 20%.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, and that's -- so it's about $1 billion in total for all 3, and so you're talking about that $200 million or so incremental?
Richard K. Davis: Yes. Yes.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, and then on your slide deck, you talked about Commercial Real Estate. Obviously, with all the other asset classes and credit quality on Page 25. So I just wanted to see if we could dig in a little bit to how you're managing down the Commercial Real Estate portfolio in terms of the NPLs there. I mean, obviously, you had a big improvement in construction NCOs this quarter. But when I look at the last couple of quarters, the NPL decline in Commercial Real Estate looks like it's coming down pretty similarly, a little bit less than in net charge-offs in that asset class. Is this just something that you'll charge off and that's how we're going to down NPLs over time? Or is there something else going on that could accelerate that?
P. W. Parker: No, I mean it'll stay lumpy going forward. But it's on a overall downward trajectory. I mean, the overall construction book continues to decline. I think it's down 20% approximately year-over-year. So as we -- if the portfolio, the higher risk construction book continues to attrit, and as we work through the different deals, either we'll do loan sales or take the charge-offs, and just otherwise it was all the assets.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, and as the current run rate of about $100 million or so decline in NPLs q-on-q, what you would expect to continue or?
P. W. Parker: Well, if you look at -- there's a chart in there, and it's going to be lumpy. But overall, it's on a downward trajectory.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, and then you could also talk a little bit about the performing TDRs? You indicated that, that was due to accounting. But maybe give us some color about whether or not you dealt with them differently because of the accounting or not?
P. W. Parker: No, we don't know. We don't deal with anything differently because of the accounting. I mean, there were 2 things we did. We -- historically, we really only looked on the commercial side at those over $5 million and tagged them whether they were TDRs or not. Now we basically go down to 0. We have basically some formulas we run against the below $5 million to identify TDRs. And then we used to use internal rates for determining market rate. And now we use an external benchmark, which is a little bit higher. So -- but it doesn't change how we handle customers.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Right, and they're all performing -- so you don't have any non-performing TDRs [indiscernible]?
P. W. Parker: Yes, there are definitely non-performing TDRs, too. But those have no impact because you're already doing a 114. So there's no financial impact at all there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erika Penala of Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My first question is the follow-up on Ed's question. You seem very conservative with your tone with regards to reserve release. But then, when you were answering John's question, you were very confident in the strength of your underwriting. I guess, is what's missing in the equation in terms of what's driving for your conservatism, the continued uncertainty in how the economic recovery plays out?
Richard K. Davis: No. It's the math. I mean, we're at 130 -- what are we at? 131, and we're going to be at 100 basis points. So as you start to slide into that new run rate, you don't have that much left. And so I hope we actually get to the point where the reserve release ends. It's the only thing I don't like about our numbers because it's not sustainable, repeatable and consistent. So it'll come down just like a nice, slow slide into home plate. I mean it's just going to be steady and methodical, and eventually, our loan losses will equal our charge-offs. And we'll be back to normal. I just hope it's actually sooner than later.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And just a follow-up on the margin, we saw an 18 basis-point compression on commercial yield. I guess, in terms of looking forward, do you expect a similar level given what you're seeing in the pipeline, given what you're seeing in terms of pricing? Or do you think it'll be a little bit lower from here?
Andrew Cecere: This is Andy, Erika. That decline is really a function of the decline in rates overall in the marketplace. So when I talk about spreads, I'm talking about both the rate on the loan as opposed to bunding cost in that loan which stabilized a bit in the third quarter. So on an absolute basis, it's down because rates, on a relative basis, it was down a little bit, quarters up to a quarter 2 and stabilized a bit, and right now, I see stabilization.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Miller of Friedman Billings.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: On the mortgage banking side, it's one of these areas I think you have been growing market share, and even though it's still relatively small. But with Bank of America getting out of the correspondent business, is that something you guys are taking a look at? And secondly, can you talk a little bit about what type of mortgage loans you're putting on your books? I don't know if you answered in the beginning, but we've been running around this morning. Just what type of loans your portfolio-ing?
Andrew Cecere: Right, so first, I'm going to answer your second question first. The loans that represent the majority of the increase are in 2 categories. Number one is a product called smart refinance that's originated at our branches. It's a refinancing product for high quality core customers that come through the branch. The second category would be prime jumbo loans originated through our mortgage banking group. So these are not Freddie and Fannie qualified, but again, they're high-quality loans. And then that smart refinance, I would note that the term of those is probably in the neighborhood of 15 years or less, so they're not long-term 30-year mortgages, that's the principal area. In terms of the mix of businesses and the way we originate from a retail and correspondent basis, I would not see a significant change on that going forward.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: On the smart refinance, what type of yield do you give them?
Andrew Cecere: Again, I'll go from a spread basis because that's how I think about things, and so in the neighborhood of 200-plus basis points.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: 200-plus basis points. And most of its 15 years or less?
Andrew Cecere: Yes, 10 to 15, yes.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay, and on the other issue, on your deposits, like a lot of the banks are collecting a lot of deposits out there. Can you talk about where that's coming from? Is it mainly coming in retail or through your business relationships?
Andrew Cecere: Paul, it's coming everywhere. So first on the consumer side of the equation, we have a number of products, smart savings and a number of different products that have allowed us to gain market share. Richard talked about that. You saw the FDIC data that indicated that. So we are absolutely gaining market share on the consumer side of the equation. On the wholesale lot side of the equation, it's additional cash being held by corporations as they're shrinking the balance sheet, additional market share. And then finally, on the corporate trust side of the equation, we continue to build that book also, and that is adding to our deposit categories particularly DDA. So we're seeing across all 3 categories, Corporate Trust, Wholesale, as well as Retail.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And just on a percentage basis, is it an even mix across 1/3, 1/3, 1/3, or is wholesale like 56% of -- then consumer, 20% to 30%, just on that mix shift?
Andrew Cecere: Yes, so wholesale's the majority of the increase. And Wholesale and Corporate Trust is the majority of the increase that you see in DDA balances, which is a big piece of the increase. And I would say the remainder is sort of 50-50.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Moshe Orenbuch of Crdit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I was wondering if you could kind of talk a little bit about -- given your comments about credit quality, particularly, as they stand in contrast to some of the larger banks being a little more conservative, are there areas in which you think you're going to be taking even more market share, kind of over the course of the next 6 to 12 months from a loan perspective?
Richard K. Davis: Yes. We're taking it now. You'll see it in the wholesale side. And it'll be always in Small Business to Middle Market up to Corporate. Starting backwards, Corporate Banking, as you know, we are getting, for the last few years, since we've really established our national Corporate Banking capabilities, we've been getting a lot more bites to the apple. We've been invited into more syndicated deals. And now, over the last year, we're now leading a lot of deals and leading syndications and playing the lead partner for these companies, which is a big step. And then, as you might have thought through this, the international banks are now not typically showing back up at the same level they were when there's a renewed syndicated deal. And so we're not only invited in but we're invited up. And so we're finding a lot of market share gain in deeper relationships and more customer -- more position with customers that are really, very impressive-like corporate -- top Fortune 100 kind of customer. The Middle Market, they really seem to appreciate the quality of the balance sheet. They like our top ratings. And those companies are sophisticated enough to know they want to put their money and get their line from a bank that's really safe. And we've been invited to do more business with them, and particularly, non-credit businesses come along with the loans that we've had. And through Bill's good work, we've taken higher positions on whole levels for customers that we really feel good about. And on Small Business, we've been growing that, Moshe, like in anywhere, 9% to 12% in origination year-over-year, whether it's SBA or business lines or business loans on the Small Business side. And we're getting a lot of new bites of the apple there because the company's focus on Small Business in the last 2 years has been yielding a lot of benefits by changing the course of what used to be a bank that did Small Business when it was available, to kind of leading relationships now with Small Business, I mean, getting all the ancillary deposits and key businesses to go along. So it's going to be anything wholesale. You're going to see it. It's in our numbers now. We're going to see it even more in future. And I'll just recap by saying the opportunity presented by some of the international banks deciding to change their posture is going to help a lot in the next year.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And just one other, kind of, separate question, that is, I think when we've talked in the past, there have been some thoughts about acquisitions outside of the banking space. And it's been very quiet there. What -- I mean, what can you tell us about the environment? Are there conversations or the things we should be looking for? And what -- what are your areas of focus on that?
Richard K. Davis: And you mean outside of the traditional like?
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Traditional commercial banking, yes.
Richard K. Davis: Yes, okay. For us -- you just quoted the Corporate Trust and Payments businesses. And you'll see more of what you've seen so far. We keep looking. We'd love to grow those 2 businesses. The best capital use or low capital users, they're great fee businesses. The cost of entry is almost 0 for those who aren't in it. And for those who are, it's a scale business. So we're not slowing that area at all. We're not seeing perhaps as many deals to show you, but it's not for lack of looking. And if I have my way, you'll see continued branch and small bank deals. You'll see continued Corporate Trust deals. You'll see portfolio purchases and you'll see opportunities for us in the payment space, which might include more mobile banking activities. So what you see is more what you're going to get. And we're going to do our best to keep filling the pipeline with those kind of small deals that come together in a nice way in the end.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Arfstrom of RBC Capital Markets.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just a quick follow-up, how much of the commercial growth and the growth in commitment is driven by the wholesale and large corporate business?
Richard K. Davis: A big part of it, and that's part of the reason why I started -- I mentioned to Moshe's question backwards. Let me just say that as I look at the wholesale -- traditional wholesale, which is the larger Middle Market, Corporate and Commercial Real Estate, our line of credit continues to grow. Our utilization is pretty flat, but it's only in fact a little bit down. It's because we keep growing commitments by more and more. So on a book of about $70 billion of commitments for those larger corporate side, we grew in linked quarter $4.1 billion in commitments. So $70 billion going to $74 billion. The loans themselves went from, like, 17 to 18 of about $1 billion. So we continue to have nice growth of 4.6% on that book, linked quarter on loans, but 5.8% linked quarter on the same book for commitments. So that also says people are positioning to continue to be ready for something when they're ready. And we're getting robust business across the board. I would say if I had to split down the large CRE in the large corporate versus the middle market side of it, it will be probably 2/3, 1/3. So it's really happening at the corporate level, at the highest-level most.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then just a follow-up on a comment you just made, you talked earlier also about the confidence of customers and how utilizations are relatively flat and you think you need confidence to lead the stronger balance growth. I'm just curious if you could give us some, maybe qualitative stuff on what your customers are spending and how much of an issue is the confidence question?
Richard K. Davis: Yes, so one of the stories of the U.S. Bank this quarter would be, that most of the new opportunities in Wholesale Banking is driven primarily by refinance activities. And if we were only refinancing our own customers, there wouldn't be any balance sheet growth. In fact, there might be margin deterioration. But the best proxy I have for you, is we are bringing in other people's customers and refinancing new credits for us, someone else's credits for them, at rates that are sufficient enough for us based on our cost of funds to be good. And so the majority of it, it doesn't matter which of the category they talked about, has a lot to its refinance activities, and coming to us. It can also be in the form of a refinance. And that's getting a higher bite of the position, or, in fact, leading the positions. So by far, John, that's the majority of what we're seeing here. It's really market shift. Otherwise, its customers who are either in M&A. And we're getting a bigger piece of that because more often than not, our customers on the M&A side of the transaction, or in many other cases, we've got like good ad businesses. In the Community Bank, we've got the Small Business growth I've talked about. It kind of fills in the rest of the gap.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Marty Mosby of Guggenheim.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Question is when you do your Basel III calculation and you're only taking out from 8.5% to 8.2%, are you giving yourself any credit for the better-than-performance on their credit, that you actually can get a positive impact even though a lot of the legislation says we're not supposed to eventually get that? But are you giving yourself any credit for that as you go through that calculation?
Andrew Cecere: No, is the short answer because that's Basel II. And our constraint is actually Basel I/III. Our Basel II numbers are actually higher than our Basel III numbers, so I don't get to use any of that credit.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, and then on what we're seeing in the commercial growth, as we're seeing really less access to market, less competition from alternative providers of this, is part of what we're seeing, especially with your commercial loan growth, just maybe the first sign of what may be a new paradigm for banking, that the pie may be smaller but we're going to get a piece of it as we see business start to come back?
Richard K. Davis: Yes. I mean, I can repeat your answer, but that's exactly what we're saying.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, and I just think your positioning in the commercial side, that's the first place we're going to see it because there are refinancing going on. And as they move back into the banking system, you're getting the benefit of that. Eventually, that will roll down in the Middle Market, I guess, and also some of the -- even closer to smaller business?
Richard K. Davis: Marty, that's right on. In fact, what I just told the numbers back to John and Moshe -- I mean, our utilization of those large per customers is like 24%. I mean -- and we just keep building more customers, and more opens to buy. I mean, when the recovery hits, then it will. I can't even tell you how much we have in terms of opportunity for our loan book to grow without adding one more new customer because we're having so many that are positioned eventually to take and use our balance sheets. It's pretty good stuff.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: A follow-up question just on securities, yields and deposit pricing. I know you talked about these expectations for slight margin compression. But I'm just wondering, underneath the purchases first on the security side, the pieces that you're adding for liquidity, can you just give us come color what's going underneath in the securities yields? And do you expect that to hold up as you continue to reinvest going forward?
Andrew Cecere: Yes. So Ken, we are -- first of all, I should highlight we ended the quarter at about $67.5 billion. And we mentioned in the notes and in the call that we're going to probably end the year at $70 million, and sort of be in the holding pattern then because we're going to be very close. So the level of build is -- that remains is not significant, so I'll start that there. Secondly, from the purchases I would say, it's about 2/3 or 3/3, 1/3 or one-quarter floating. And the fixed is probably just around 2%-plus. And the floating's probably LIBOR plus 135 to 140.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, got it. All right. That's helpful. And then secondly, the all-in deposit costs and the all-in liability costs were stickier for you guys relative to a lot of other banks. I know you talked about the ability to continue repricing the right side of the balance sheet lower. Can you help us at all think about how much is left either in deposits or what you're doing on the deposit side? And then also remind us about what you may have benefits from in terms of lowering the long-term debt costs?
Andrew Cecere: I would say a good deal of the deposit pricing opportunity is reflected in the third quarter. There might be a little bit more opportunity but I would not call it significant. We have between $7 billion and $10 billion rolling of over the next 12 to 15 months on the debt side of the equation that will offer us additional opportunity.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And is that -- so a lot of banks are talking about just the ability to reprice the entire deposit complex lower. Obviously, with your interest checking and money market savings at 14, there's not much more you can go. But can you give us the amount of, kind of, where your go-to rates are on the CD side? And what the roll-off of the CD book is, kind of, like you just did with the debt book?
Andrew Cecere: Yes, the CD book does represent a repricing opportunity, both on new CDs as well as renewals. But just from -- and you can see the math in terms of the balance sheet and income statement. It's not a significant component of what changes on a month-to-month or quarter-to-quarter basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo of CLSA.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: You've talked a lot about your market share expansion in the commercial loans, but 20% annualized growth in commercial loans, how comfortable are you with the credit quality? Of the new loans, I guess there are a couple of hung deals in the syndicated loan market this past quarter. I didn't see your name associated with that, but you're seeing some signs that everything's not as good as it had been. So I guess I'm asking about the quality of the new loans, what you're seeing in the market overall and if you plan continue that pace of expansion?
P. W. Parker: I mean the quality of the loans is excellent, right? So I mean we're very selective about how we go after the large corporate customers. So -- and these are companies we know well. We can provide a full suite of services. And you're right, we don't have any hung syndications.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And which geographies are these loans in? I mean you've been consistent for last year saying you're expanding, you're going to gain market share. You are. Is that more in the Midwest, is that Southeast? Where is it?
P. W. Parker: Well, the national corporate, it's a national platform. So that's all over the United States.
Richard K. Davis: Mike, if you compare it back to a few years ago, though, it's the out footprint. Because we didn't have it. And now it's quite robust for us, but in market we're growing there, too. It's just that the net new -- if you just take a couple-of-year horizon, it's really coming outside of the 25 states because of this national -- gone from regional, the national corporate bank.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And how much of that -- if 2/3 of the growth came from wholesale, how much of that would be international? Like capturing share from the international banks which are all pulling back?
Richard K. Davis: We don't do any international.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: No, you know what I mean. In other words, you had some international bank competing in the U.S. market, they're pulling back, how much of your growth might be attributed to that?
P. W. Parker: That's shown up just more recently. [indiscernible]
Richard K. Davis: It's our future growth. It's what I may be talking about in the next few quarters.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And just -- I'm going to repeat the question just so I know what to tell other people. They say, U.S. Bancorp had 20% annualized commercial loan growth, why?
Richard K. Davis: Because we are taking more position, buyer positions with customers we now come to know. We're being invited to syndicated deals for the first time and for the second time at a much higher level. And we're rolling new customers just the old-fashioned organic way because I've added hundreds of new people in the last few years, from a lot of really good banks with really good skills, and really good customers who now work here.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: All right, great. And one last completely separate question, when you look at home prices through the end of next year, what do you plan around? What kind of flat, down 2, down 5, what do you think?
Andrew Cecere: Mike, this is Andy. We're down 0% to 2%.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: NIM obviously held up a lot better than we've seen at other banks. It seems like you managed the surge in noninterest-bearing deposits better than some. How sustainable do you think that increase is? That $10 billion increase in noninterest-bearing since its in the Wholesale and Corporate Trust?
Andrew Cecere: So, Matt, first of all, I think you're right. And our Treasury group works very closely with our Consumer group and our Wholesale groups, in terms of pricing. And we really try to target those solid customers and really try to work with the customers with different alternatives. So we're not pushing customers away from the bank at all or charging them. Second is, I do think that the growth that you were seeing reflects a little bit of the fact that the corporations are very strong right now, in terms of their own particular balance sheets, and are not yet choosing to invest those dollars. So we probably will see some decline in those over time. The final factor I'd mention is that, as you know, there's unlimited insurance in DDA till the end of 2012. So certainly in this environment, that's a very safe place to put your money, and that may change once the unlimited insurance changes at the end of '12.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, it's helpful. And then just totally separate topic, one of the interesting things that's probably going to happen in the next several years is some movement in the payments business in terms of how customers and corporates pay. You've got, obviously, these changes in the debit card fees. You've got mobile payments that is probably going to take off at some point. There's stubbornly high unemployment, so there's a lot of government transfers. Can you just talk about -- obviously, you're in a lot of the areas of payments. And can you talk about some of the new products that you have or are working on or some of the themes that you think you will benefit from over the next, say, the next 6, 12 months, but a little bit longer term maybe?
Richard K. Davis: But 6 to 12 months is long [ph]. Two categories here. One is your consumers, and our mobile banking -- online banking capabilities are at the top of class. And I've said a number of things about this company over the years, and a few years ago, you never said U.S. Bank and innovation in the same phrase. And now you should put it at the top of the class because we have spent a lot of time and energy with that price revenue office, and building a whole new set of suite of new ideas and new ways to move money. Because we're in the business of moving money for corporate payments for 20 years. And now we extended that capability. And I'm putting money behind getting amazing talent and amazing skill to get this kind of mobile banking in the top of class. And you'll see amazing things in the next couple of quarters. Back to corporate payments, and the thing we haven't talked about much, but I'm so glad we have it. 20 years ago, the legacy of this bank started the corporate payments business, which you know is a huge government provider of card big key [ph] payments. It's a huge, kind of sophisticated way of treasury management on steroids, and moving money along before it was going to be popular paperless. And all of that continues to grow and expand in terms of the capabilities we have. And by the way, Matt, the cost of entry there is too high for -- there's only 4 or 5 of us in this space. So this corporate payments world is going to become very robust for us. Customers are going to get smarter and don't want to move anything that they can't see in a nanosecond. They don't want it on paper. They want to have the next new idea. So while we appeal to consumers, we're going to be able to get even further ahead because of our starting position with corporate and commercial payments. So I'm totally jazzed about both of those and I'm glad you brought it up.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: There's obviously a revenue opportunity from this. But as people use banks differently as banks have to charge customers differently, does this make you think about the expense base differently than we've seen one bank who was going to be very aggressive in expanding its branch network? Talk about maybe toning that down a little bit. I think you're more, kind of complete and haven't had this ambitious expansion. But just as you look out in the next couple of years, you're going to be doing business differently and I would think that might mean some reallocation of cost.
Richard K. Davis: Yes, not really. We kind of the like where we are and I think we can handle just small nuances to the way we spend our money. The branch network's probably going to go to 25 to 50 branches net a year. And yes, that's exactly what we've done for the last 10 years. So it's nothing remarkable. We have a disparately large position in what we call grocery branches and on-site corporate and public location branches in the same guide category because they are growing well. They're exactly what customers want, the hybrid between, be where I need you to be but I don't need the same old-fashioned branch with marble columns. And I'll say over the next few years, you'll see, like everyone else, we're going to take the branches we do have, make sure that they pass the test to be in locations for which more than check-cashing occurs. And we'll probably remodel them in a way that make them much more attractive as a point of destination for conversations and private discussions. But pretty much what you see. And we're not going to make much of a change in course because we kind of like how it got us here. And we don't have anything we need to either retrofit or back-out of because of having been to excess in the last couple of years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Burnell of Wells Fargo Securities.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of quick follow-up questions. Richard, you've spent a lot of time over the last couple of quarters talking about the investment bank and the gains that you've seen there. I'm just curious as to what the trends were in the investment bank this quarter relative to underwriting volumes, and things like that. Obviously, the market's been pretty weak for underwriting. But at least in terms of your line of business numbers, it didn't look as if the Wholesale Banking and Commercial Real Estate numbers were down all that much. So if you could just provide some color there, that would be helpful?
Richard K. Davis: Let me just say, a lot of businesses I thought you were talking about our fee businesses where we provide the guidance and trust and support to our wholesale clients, which is growing very nicely especially since it started from 0, 2 years ago. So for us, it's icing on the cake and there may be deals that we're not showing you yet because they haven't even come to market or they didn't come to market yet. But we're now in conversations and the folks that we have in Charlotte and New York are at the top of the people's call lists, as it relates to providing services for any kind of the underwriting or the high-grade activities. In many cases, that does derive more business on the balance sheet for us. But primarily, Matt, it's going to be our fee business that you should look at that really derive, kind of, the benefit of that. And I would say it's in inning 3 as this company is growing this business, and growing a respect and a capability. The talent is already there. We're ready for the phones to ring but the market will find us as it continues to heat up. And Andy, you might put some numbers on.
Andrew Cecere: Yes, I would say that from the -- if you look at the commercial product revenue line, which is with the majority of that fee revenue at glance, our high-grade bond business, our municipal underwriting business, I think in all cases were building and taking share, and building -- moving up on the lead tables. And I think you should continue to expect that. You are correct that the third quarter was down a bit in overall activity, but we were up because we continue to gain share. And I think once the activity starts to become robust, we're going to move even more in those tables.
Richard K. Davis: And then I might add lastly, not unlike the conversation we had on the wholesale loan book, this business is going to be benefited by the foreign bank's decision to retreat from some of those participations with some of those levels in involvement. So this will be another place we will see, I think robust benefits next year that are just starting to show up.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: That make sense. And if I can, just a follow-up question on the commitments. You mentioned the commitments are growing a little faster than loans. I'm just curious as to the trend in the pricing of commitments if that's gotten substantially more competitive over the last couple of quarters?
Andrew Cecere: It kind of flattened out a little bit. I mean, we did see year-over-year pricing come down 25, 30, 40 basis points. But third quarter, basically said, it's still an uncertain environment out there, so people are still willing to pay.
Richard K. Davis: And I would add, as this recession gets older and as people kind of start thinking through what's worth it to them, we are prepared to compete on price. We've always said that, and I'll say it again today. We're not having to use it as much. People have more and more value that even I expected them to ascribe to our ratings and to our balance sheet strength, and probably now our multi-year commitment in following through on things we've promised. So we're actually not having to spend as much as I'm willing to spend to win a high-quality deal because they're actually coming to us, saying that's a fair price for the quality of our relationship, I'll take it.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then finally just a question on the CCAR exam. Richard, am I correct in assessing sort of the color of your comments relative to the 2012 exam versus 2011, as maybe the regulators being not quite so prescriptive this go-round versus last time? Maybe because of familiarity with the whole process, but also because we're a bit further away from the challenges of 2008 and 2009?
Richard K. Davis: Yes, what you heard was my aspirations that I'm right. Honestly, I don't have any insight except the way they've treated us during the year, the way we continue to communicate well. And my hope is that, that distinction will be recognized. I don't have the facts that -- and I really won't know until we do this second. We only have 2 points to connect. We have one test and the tea leaves to read. But so far, we're prepared to perform well in test. And I hope that the teacher will give us a high grade and let us move on to the next class.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nancy Bush of NAB Research.
Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division: I have a small picture question for Bill and a big picture question for you, Richard. I'll ask the small one first. Bill, the impression is that the credit standards have changed dramatically on the consumer side over the last few years. Could you clarify whether that is indeed true at USB? And just sort of maybe give us your sort of average FICO on the consumer side now versus where it was in maybe 2008?
P. W. Parker: Yes, and I said this before. I mean, in terms of U.S. Bank and our underwriting, if you look at our cards or autos, our underwriting really did not change a lot. I mean in cards, you have to make adjustments in a downturn based on region and stuff like that, but basically, straight prime books. The one area that did change, we changed along with the industry was the 100% financing of a home, which we did some of that in our finance company. And we do some of that on our home equity. So backing away from 100%, we still do 90% home equity in kind of our branch. But that's the one area where there was a change at U.S. Bank. And obviously, even bigger changes in the industry. And the average side, we do disclose on our residential mortgage and home equity originations. They're in our schedule that we hand out and those FICOs are, I think, they're in the 760s.
Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Richard, the question for you is this, I think it's recognized in the banking industry that you're one the CEOs who has pretty good relationships with the regulators, i.e., you're not out there yelling at them or insulting them in public. So I would ask you -- I mean, what do you see as sort of the general relationship between the banking industry and its regulators right now? And do you see any -- where are we in this sort of whole new regulatory revolution or evolution? Do you see any new initiatives that are going to be coming down the road at us?
Richard K. Davis: Yes, Nancy, that's a big one. Let me say, first of all, we have a handful of people that are still in appointed or unconfirmed positions, and that is worth starting at because until the comptroller, the head of the FDIC are finally confirmed and until the CFPB is finally appointed, you don't get the same kind of definitive answers, you don't get the same kind of definitive progress on things when people are watching progress but not necessarily setting a long-term objective. So I think we're a bit -- I'd say I'm frustrated by that because I'd like to have a better sense of where the endpoint is so we can all start marching toward that. But directionally, we all know where we're headed. I would say if you take a look at the Dodd-Frank, 20% of the whole activity hasn't even -- has only been slightly accomplished, 80% even yet to be defined. You look at things like SIFI buffers. We're sitting in wait, wondering what will be called and what the number will be. We're eager to know whether or not there's going to be a standard coming out of this CCAR test coming up, that we just mused about here not knowing. So the uncertainty is everywhere. But I also balance it by saying, and so it's been that way for 3 years. I mean, we've been operating under uncertainty for a long time. We've been operating under a difficult economic environment for a long time/and so I think the answer to your question is nothing's getting more clear or progressing very fast, but our ability to now understand that it's not going to happen fast and our willingness to accept the fact that we have to make up some of the answers until there's a final one. It's probably much higher. So I believe that my peers and I are still frustrated to the highest level that we don't have better guidance. But we're not, in most cases, frustrated or surprised by it. We're now managing to kind of a new normal in understanding it will take quite some time. And on the other hand, until you tell me I can't do something and it's not harmful and it's good for your customers and it seems to be in line with good regulatory behavior, then we're going to do it. And we'll wait and find out if they want us to change that later, but we're not sitting on our hands waiting for guidance on how to run the company. We're just trying to be a little more logical. So I'd say it's because it's old and it's not that different, we're probably more balanced in our view and probably not as surprisingly frustrated as we would otherwise be.
Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division: There was an announcement last week or a report that the CFPB is going to start examining mortgage servicers for hidden fees, et cetera, et cetera. Do you expect that you will get targeted in that? And do you expect that then they're going to go from mortgage servicing to credit cards, et cetera, et cetera?
Richard K. Davis: Yes, I don't. I don't. I'll tell you why. I think the CFPB is still a long way from being configured. And in fact, I don't have a CFPB person assigned to me yet, so we have no CFPB evidenced at U.S. Bank. And so until that time, the OCC and others will continue to watch over what would be consumer regulations and we'll watch it ourselves. But I think when it comes to things like mortgage, there are so many other entities looking over that topic. It would be surprising if the CFPB picked one of their first things to get into the middle level of. It would be something that someone else is working on. I think from talking to Rog Tate [ph], it's clear to me that they're going to stay pure on focused on transparency disclosures, customer clarity on all products, could be mortgage, too, but credit cards and mortgages to start. But it won't be intrusive or redundant, the things that are being done in a more provocative sense of servicing rules and foreclosure exams and things like that. I think they're going to stay pretty pure first. What we all really want more than anything is that we want them to appoint someone so that the non-bank entities can be brought into the same umbrella of oversight that we all share. And I think that's the most important thing we should look forward to, which is why I've always been a supporter of the CFPB because I think it brings more guidance to a level playing field than it does additional work for those of us who already doing it.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of John Dunne [ph] from Meredith Whitney.
Unknown Analyst - : I think in the past, you guys have sort of downplayed the idea of buying credit card portfolios -- I mean, sorry, commercial real estate portfolios. It seems like maybe you've softened your stance on that. Is that because there's a lot of weak players out there and you might be able to get something at a good price? Has your view changed?
Richard K. Davis: No, we haven't softened our stance. We've typically pretty much -- might want to underwrite stuff that big and that important, and know where it came from, and know our customer. Not to say we wouldn't find what we might like, but the more recent deals you saw, we took a quick look and said not for us, and we've moved right along.
Unknown Analyst - : Yes, it's a critical test to know who we're doing business with, that's not the space where you just buy indirect.
Richard K. Davis: Yes, and we're not desperate for us to asset growth. And I'd mean that in the nicest way. We're simply not looking to go buy other assets because we have a balance sheet issue. We can handle where we are now. And eventually, gosh, I can't wait until these lines of credit get used and then we're going to be very, very pleased that we didn't over-encumber ourselves with loans that we didn't know.
Operator: That was our final question. Presenters, do you have any closing remarks?
Richard K. Davis: Thank you, Tiffany. I just want to thank everybody for their continued interest. I am really proud of this quarter. And we've always said we want to focus on consistency, predictability and repeatability. I call it my CPR. And I think we're getting close to consistent. I think we're getting close to predictable. And I certainly think we can keep repeating this kind of clean and unjaundiced performance of just doing business the old-fashioned way. So I hope that's clear to you and I appreciate the time you gave us today.
Judith T. Murphy: Yes, thank you all for listening. And please, as always, if you have any follow-up questions, give me or Sean O'Connor a call. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Richard Davis - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Risk Management Committee Andrew Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer P. Parker - Chief Credit Officer and Executive Vice President Judith Murphy - Senior Vice President, Director of Investor Relations and Analyst
Analysts: Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Ed Najarian - ISI Group Inc. Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC Nancy Bush - NAB Research Christoph Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorp's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Richard Davis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Cecere, U.S. Bancorp's Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately noon Eastern Standard Time through Wednesday July 27 at 12:00 Eastern Standard Time. I will now turn the conference call over to Judy Murphy, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Judith Murphy: Thank you, Tiffany, and good morning to everyone who has joined our call. Richard Davis, Andy Cecere and Bill Parker are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorp's second quarter 2011 results and to answer your questions. Richard and Andy will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of the slide presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental analysts' schedules, are available on our website at www.usbank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of today's presentation in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard Davis: Thank you, Judy, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'd like to begin on Page 3 of the presentation and point out the highlights of our second quarter results. U.S. Bancorp reported net income of $1,203,000,000 for the second quarter of 2011 or $0.60 per diluted common share. Earnings were $0.15 higher than the same quarter of last year and $0.08 higher than the first quarter of 2011.  We achieved total net revenue of $4.7 billion this quarter, which represented a 3.8% increase over the same quarter of 2010 and over the prior quarter. Total average loans grew year-over-year by 4% or 3.5%, excluding acquisitions. As expected, we achieved modest linked quarter loan growth as total average loans grew by 0.6% over the first quarter or 0.5% adjusted for acquisitions. Deposit growth was again very strong this quarter, with average low-cost deposit balances increasing by 17.1% year-over-year and 3.7% linked quarter. Excluding acquisitions, the year-over-year growth rate remained a strong 12.3%, while a linked-quarter growth was 3.5%. Credit quality also continue to improve, as net charge-offs declined by 7.2% and nonperforming assets, excluding covered assets, declined by 6.2% from the first quarter. Further, the improvement in our credit quality once again supported a reduction in the allowance for credit losses and the company recorded a provision for credit losses that was $175 million less than the net charge-offs in the second quarter. Our company continues to generate significant capital each quarter and our capital position remained strong, with Tier 1 common and Tier 1 capital ratios increasing to 8.4% and 11%, respectively at June 30. Additionally, under the anticipated Basel III guidelines, the Tier 1 common ratio was 8.1% at quarter end.  Slide 4 tracks our industry-leading performance metrics over the past 5 quarters. Return on average assets in the second quarter was 1.54% and return on average common equity was 15.9%. The 5-quarter trends of our net interest margin and our efficiency ratio are shown on the graph on the right-hand side of Slide 4. This quarter's net interest margin of 3.67% was lower than the same quarter of last year and the prior quarter, although slightly stronger than expected. And Andy will discuss the factors that led to this change in just a few minutes.  Our second quarter efficiency ratio was 51.6%, consistent with past quarters and our expectation that our efficiency ratio will remain in the low 50s. Importantly, we achieved positive operating leverage on a year-over-year basis as well as on a linked-quarter basis when we adjust for the gain we recorded in the first quarter of 2011 related to our First Community Bank purchase. Turning to Slide 5, as I previously noted, our capital position remained strong and continues to grow. Our Tier 1 common ratio under the Basel III guidelines at June 30 was 8.1%, well above the 7% Basel III level required in 2019. Although we have not received the final regulatory guidance as to the amount of capital our company would be required to hold going forward, our SIFI buffer, we are confident that we can easily meet the new guidelines through internal capital generation, allowing us to continue moving forward with our long-term goal of distributing the majority of our earnings or shareholders in the form of dividends and buybacks. Accordingly, at the very end of the second quarter, we began to buy back stock and we expect to continue to repurchase shares through the remainder of the year.  Moving on to Slide 6. Average total loans outstanding increased by $7.6 million or 4% year-over-year and 3.5% adjusted for acquisitions. Significantly, new loan originations excluding mortgage production plus new and renewed commitments totaled approximately $44 billion this quarter, compared with approximately $35 billion in the second quarter of last year, this represents a 25% increase in new activity. As a result, total corporate and commercial commitments outstanding increased by 13.8% year-over-year and a 4.4% linked-quarter growth, positioning us for the eventual revival of our customers demand for loans. Total average deposits increased by $26.1 billion or 14.2% over the same quarter of last year. Total average deposits grew by $5.1 billion on a linked-quarter basis or 2.5%, 2.3% excluding acquisitions with strong growth in Consumer Banking, as well as Wholesale Banking and specifically in the national corporate and institutional banking groups. Turning to Slide 7. The company reported total net revenue in the second quarter of $4.69 billion. The increase in revenue year-over-year was driven by earning asset growth, strength in our fee-based businesses and organic growth initiatives, tempered somewhat by the impact of recent legislative actions.  Turning to Slide 8 and credit quality. Second quarter total net charge-offs of $747 million, were 7.2% lower than the first quarter of 2011. Nonperforming assets, excluding covered assets, decreased by $217 million or 6.2%.  On Slide 9, the graph on the left illustrates the continuing improvement in early and late stage delinquencies excluding covered assets. In fact, delinquency rates in all major loan categories were lower than in the previous quarter. On the right-hand side of Slide 9, the trend in criticized assets is again positive. Consequently, we expect the level of both net charge-offs and nonperforming assets to trend lower again in the third quarter of 2011. Turning to Slide 10. You can see that we recorded a provision for credit losses less than total net charge-offs. Specifically, we released $175 million of reserves. This compares with the provision for credit losses that was less the net charge-offs by $50 million in the first quarter while an incremental provision of $25 million was recorded in the second quarter of last year. The amount of the reserve release was primarily driven by the improvement in credit quality of the Credit Card Loan portfolios. Let me now turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks, Richard. I will now just take a few minutes to provide you with more details about the results. I turn your attention to Slide 11, which gives a full view of our second quarter 2011 results compared to the prior quarter and the second quarter of 2010.  Diluted EPS of $0.60 was 33.3% higher than the second quarter of 2010 and 15.4% higher than the prior quarter. The key drivers of the company's second quarter earnings are detailed on Slide 12. The $437 million or 57% increase in net income year-over-year was primarily the result of $171 million or 3.8% increase in net revenue and a $567 million increase -- decrease in the provision for credit losses, partially offset by a $48 million or 2% increase in noninterest expense year-over-year. Net income was $157 million or 15% higher on a linked-quarter basis. $171 million or 3.8% increase in total net revenue and a favorable variance of $183 million in the provision for loan losses more than offset the 4.8% increase in expense quarter-over-quarter. A summary of the notable items that impact the comparison of our second quarter results to prior periods are detailed on Slide 13. Items this quarter included net securities losses of $8 million and $175 million reserve release. The items called out in the first quarter of 2011 were the $46 million FCB gain, $5 million in net securities losses and a $50 million reserve release.  Finally, the items impacting the second quarter of 2010 are highlighted on Slide 14. They include $180 million credit to equity that was recorded directly as an increase to net income applicable to common shareholders for the quarter. The ITS transaction item added $0.05 to earnings per share in the second quarter of 2010. Turning to Slide 14. Net interest income increased year-over-year by $135 million or 5.6%, primarily due to a $30.1 billion or 12.2% increase in average earning assets, and the benefit of strong growth in low-cost deposits. The increase in average earning assets were driven by expected growth in the securities portfolio as well as a higher cash position of the fed reserve as well as growth in average loans. The net interest margin of 3.6% was lower than the net interest margin in the same quarter of last year, primarily due to the expected increase in lower yielding investment securities and higher cash levels.  On a linked-quarter basis, net interest income was higher by $37 million, a result of the $3.6 billion increase in average earning assets, offset by a 2 basis point decline in net interest margin. The net interest margin was lower than the prior quarter, again due to the expected growth in low-yielding investment securities, which impacted the margin by approximately 5 basis points. Offset somewhat by the positive impact of the lower cash position at the Federal Reserve. Slide 15 provides you with more detail on the change in average total loans outstanding. Average total loans grew by $7.6 billion or 4% year-over-year. Excluding acquisitions, average total loans increased by 3.5%. As you can see from the chart on the left, the increase in average store loans was principally driven by strong growth in residential mortgages and total commercial loans, which grew by a very strong 8%, or 7.8%, excluding acquisitions. This was the second consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth in average commercial loans since the second quarter of 2009.  On a linked-quarter basis, the 0.6% increase in average loans outstanding or 0.5% excluding acquisitions, was driven by increases in commercial loans, which grew by 2.8% commercial mortgages and residential real estate lending, reflecting a continued modest demand for new loans. Average consumer loans decreased slightly on a linked-quarter basis as the decline in average credit card, home equity and second mortgages and other retail lending were slightly offset by growth in auto leasing and lending.  Moving to Slide 16. You can see the growth in total deposits over the past 5 quarters. Average total deposits grew by $26.1 billion or 14.2% year-over-year. Significantly, low-cost core deposits, noninterest-bearing, interest checking, money market and savings grew by 17.1%. On a linked-quarter basis, average deposits increased by 2.5% while our average low-cost deposits increased by 3.7%.  Slide 17 presents in more detail the changes in noninterest income on a year-over-year and linked-quarter basis. Noninterest income in the second quarter of 2011 was $36 million or 1.7% higher than the second quarter of 2010. This variance was driven primarily by growth in payments and commercial product revenue, as well as favorable variance in ATM processing, investment product fees and commissions and retail product revenue, which was driven by higher end-of-term gains and a favorable change in net securities losses.  These favorable variances were partially offset by lower deposit service charges, which reflected legislative and bank developed pricing changes. And the impact of the Visa Gain recorded in the second quarter of 2010. On a linked-quarter basis, noninterest income was higher by $134 million or 6.7%. This favorable variance was primarily the result of seasonally higher payments revenue; deposit service charges and treasury management fees; higher commercial product revenue; higher mortgage banking revenue, which increased by $40 million, primarily due to the increase in application volume and a favorable change in the MSR valuation; and higher retail product revenue related to lower end-of-term losses. Slide 18 highlights noninterest expense, which was higher year-over-year by $48 million or 2%. The majority of the increase can be attributed to higher salaries expense due to staffing levels, merit increases and acquisitions; higher benefits expense driven by higher retirement and pension cost and staffing levels; and an increase in professional services, marketing and business development expense and occupancy, primarily related to investment projects and other business expansion activities and long-related compliance costs. Slightly offsetting these increases was a reduction in other intangible expense due to core run off and lower loan expense and conversion activity. On a linked-quarter basis, noninterest expense was higher by $111 million or 4.8% versus a seasonally lower first quarter expense level. Finally, the tax rate on a taxable equivalent basis was 30.4% in the second quarter of 2011 compared to 29% in the first quarter of 2011 and 25% in the second quarter of 2010. Slide 19 provides updated detail on the company's mortgage repurchase related expense and the reserve for expected losses on repurchases and make-whole payments. Repurchase activity for our company, including mortgage repurchase volumes and expense is lower than the peer banks due to our conservative credit and underwriting culture, as well as the very disciplined loan origination process.  Our company originates conforming loans, about 95% of which are sold to GSEs. Additionally, we do not participate in private placement securitization market. We expect mortgage repurchase activity to continue to moderate downward over the next few quarters. Our current outstanding repurchases and make-whole payment request balance at June 30 was $123 million. Finally, turning to Slide 20. We wanted to update you on the impact of recent regulatory change and oversight in our company. The impact from changes to overdraft policies and pricing, or Reg E, are now fully reflected in our run rate and will reduce revenue by about $460 million per year. The impact of Card Act is also reflected in the run rate and is expected to reduce revenue by about $250 million on an annual basis. Neither of these 2 projections has changed.  However, the Federal Reserve issued their final rules establishing a new debit card pricing guidelines late last month, as required by the Durbin Amendment. Under the new pricing, we would expect to see a reduction in debit fee revenue of approximately $300 million on a full year basis based on our current portfolio on growth assumption. The impact will begin in the fourth quarter of this year.  We continue to expect to mitigate approximately 1/3 to 1/2 of the reduction in revenue related to regulatory changes. By modifying our checking account products and pricing, many of the changes, which are in process today, as well as changes to our debit products going forward. I will now turn the call back to Richard.
Richard Davis: Thanks, Andy. And to conclude our formal remarks, I'll turn your attention to Slide #21. The results that were reported today, once again, demonstrate our company's ability to produce and maintain industry-leading performance in a very challenging environment. We operate in an industry that continues to face a difficult and increasing complex operating environment, including economic headwinds, regulatory oversight, reputation risk and competitive pressures.  All these factors have, and will continue to have, an influence and how we allocate resources, manage our operations and capitalize on opportunities for our future growth. However, as our results show, our company has created momentum by adhering to our disciplined business strategy and by investing through the cycle. We've invested in our branches and new markets. In fact, this past weekend, we successfully completed the integration of the First Community Bank of New Mexico and Arizona branches, which we acquired in January. And further, we have invested in technology, invested in innovative new products and services and most importantly, invested in people. And the benefits are showing, through despite the slow to recover economy, are very successful results. We are the top-rated large bank in the country. We're growing our balance sheet including loans. We're increasing revenue and we're managing expenses, while we achieve industry-leading performance metrics. Our business model, are prudent risk management and our quality franchise have allowed us to adapt to this changing environment and focus on our future. We are positioned to win for the benefit of our customers, our communities, our employees and most importantly, our shareholders.  That concludes our formal remarks, Andy, Bill and I would now happy to answer any questions from the audience.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Brian Foran of Nomura.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: On Durbin, I guess, 2 questions. First, the new impact of $300 million. Was the old impact $400 million? And if so, I guess, why didn't it come down more based on the new fed proposal?
Andrew Cecere: You're correct. The old impact was $400 million. This reflects a little bit higher growth because it's starting a little later this year and we're looking at 2012 in terms of the impact, Brian. So this represents about a 50% reduction from the level that we expect in 2012.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Got it. And then on the flip side of Durbin, is there any potential benefits to your payments business either from a -- with things like the beginnings of a share shift from debit to credit in spending volumes recently. And then, also, on the merchant acquiring side, some merchant acquirers, based on the way they're set up, seem to benefit by not passing through all the reductions. Some don't. And can you just remind us whether that's an opportunity for you or whether you'll pass it all through?
Richard Davis: Yes, Brian. This is Richard. Those are both correct. The latter first, it's not as big a number as you might think, but being one of the largest merchant processors and providers in the country, we do have the benefit of assessing exactly where these payments will go and how they'll be allocated back down to the merchant. So there is some pickup there, it's not substantial but it's included in that number that Andy gave you. And furthermore, as you've seen more and more of the customers' reticence to accept certain debit fees and certain projected charges that may be forthcoming, which we're watching very closely and not implementing it at anytime yet. We do think that there will be a shift to people using their credit cards more often, particularly for the rewards and for those who typically pay out their cards every month and don't revolve balances any way. So on both counts, you're right. The former, we've included in our thinking and the latter is an opportunity we haven't assessed yet.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: If I could sneak a last one in. The noninterest-bearing deposits on an end-of-period basis, the growth was pretty substantial and much higher than the industry. Is that -- can you just remind us if there's something seasonal or temporary or why that was up so much?
Andrew Cecere: Brian, this is Andy. We saw a strong growth in both our wholesale businesses, our -- both commercial and large corporate companies, as well as our trust businesses. And I would perhaps say that it's a little unusual versus other peer banks. We have a large corporate trust business that generates a lot of DD&A and they did -- they had a very strong quarter.
Richard Davis: Brian, it's Richard. I just want to add to that. We use this word, this phrase awfully often, flight to quality. But it shows up really, really strongly at times like this, where corporate CFOs, CEOs, municipality treasurers and things they do value the ratings and having the highest ratings it becomes a benefit that often we can't even assess until the quarter is over to see where people want to place their money under the safety and soundness of uninsured levels. So we're enjoying some benefit to that as well, and I think we'll continue to see that.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jon Arfstrom of RBC Capital.
Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Question on the reserve release. You obviously made a bigger statement this quarter than you have in prior quarters. And curious if there's any other categories that are potentially getting better, faster than you expected. And then also curious how we should think about the loan loss provision going forward. I guess, I see more room for this level of reserve release but just curious what your thoughts are.
Richard Davis: Yes. Let me take it first. I'll hand it over to Bill for the details. This is Richard. I've said long ago that any reserve release will be a mistake having gone and putting in too much, and that's just because the math is the math. And now you're seeing that our card portfolios, particularly, and other areas are improving quite substantially. I think for the good of this industry, I'm going to make a plea here that we evaluate what will eventually become the risk of unintended consequences, where banks are going to find their credit quality over swinging as the pendulum does. And becoming so particularly good that if we aren't allowed to create some, over the time, allocations for -- unallocations for loan loss reserves, we're going to find ourselves reversing all loan provisions and then building in back when the cycle starts to build again. So we're not to that point yet. Our charge-offs a little over 1.5% are still 50 basis points ahead of where we think we'll be over the cycle at 1%. But I will predict for you that we'll probably fall below 1% before we settle there and reserve releases will continue. But I would hope, through a point, where we're allowed to keep some of that for over the cycle preparation for learning our lessons of pro-cyclicality during this last period. As it relates to more than credit card, we are seeing benefits. There's some lumpy and some more predictable portfolio. And I'll ask Bill to answer those for you.
P. Parker: Yes, Jon. So I mean we did see a solid improvement across all portfolios this quarter. So the go-forward look is positive. Cards, again, they exceed our expectations. It may do that again if it continues to improve. The other notable areas, just -- the C&I portfolio. The position of the corporate customers, the middle market customers continues to be one of real strength and resiliency. So that's probably another area where it's a better-than-positive outlook.
Richard Davis: And if you think about it, this is for everybody, the duration of this recession, despite somebody was saying it was over 7 quarters ago, it's not. And the length of this duration of this recession has allowed banks to be very careful for a long time. And in accordance with that, there are a number of lines that -- who haven't been originated now in years that would otherwise been risky. And many customers in their category of unsecured lending have been charged off and haven't been brought back into the market. So I think you're going to continue to see these numbers come down faster than they moved up and that's my earlier point that maybe we're kind of preparing for it, particularly overswing of some very, very good numbers in the next couple of quarters.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Couple of questions on the balance sheet. First, are you pretty much done with the liquidity changes that you've been making over the past couple of quarters, or is there any more to do there?
Andrew Cecere: Betsy, we entered the quarter at $65 billion on our securities portfolio, we would expect to end the year at $70 billion. So we have about $5 billion more to expect over the next 2 quarters.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then the loan-to-deposit ratio, 95%. I mean, we just went through a part of that as a function of corporate deposits going up. How do you think about where that loan to deposit ratio should be? Is 95% the right level given what might be flight to quality deposits, or would you seek to bring that back up over time as good quality credits emerge to 100%?
Andrew Cecere: Well, first Betsy, we don't have a target for that. I mean, we have ample liquidity on the balance sheet. We have ample ability to generate more funding if we need to, so we don't really have a target for a loan-to-deposit ratio. What that is, really, is a function of the great flight to quality we're seeing on the deposit side of the balance sheet and the somewhat slower loan demand that we're seeing in the marketplace overall. And what we want to do is gain customers on both sides of the balance sheet both loans and deposits and that's really how we target our business objectives, not any specific ratio.
Richard Davis: Then the evidence is in our actions. If you look at our commitments, they're way up. We continue to say that our utilization is flat and it remains flat because our commitments are up more than people are using what they have. But we are well and intending -- we will make as many good loans as we can make. And this bank was actually reversed many years ago. Our loan-to-deposit ratio wasn't even close to this. It's just as a result of what we think is good management of the balance sheet eventually the margin becomes a result of that and the loan-to-deposit ratio becomes a result of that. But we really wanted to play this good deposits and the good loans and we're making a lot of commitments. And so I think we're positioned, when people decided to use it, and you'll look at that as evidence of the fact that we're not setting any barriers or guideposts around loan to deposit.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Then just lastly on the commercial side, obviously, loans grew nicely in the quarter. Can you just talk about degree to which stuff coming from new clients versus existing lines?
Richard Davis: Yes, I can. This is Richard. First of all I'm happy to report our C&I growth is all the way from down to small business, traditional small business lines and loans include SBA, it includes small ticket leasing and then all through the C&I more traditional space. Particularly, our best growth in the last quarter came from asset-based Lending, healthcare and government banking. Those are all areas that have momentum and continue to show that. The rest of the general growth came from those areas that are boosted by M&A activity or some tangent to something in that area. And our growing commitments, which are evidenced through the reports, include a higher position in each of the loan-syndicated deals that you will see over time. Both in our loan and high-grade fixed income lead tables, we continue to move up. We've been able to use the leverage of our new corporate bank to put ourselves in much higher positions and syndicated deals. And now we're starting the lead transactions, lead left and lead right and starting to make a difference in being able to not only outsource but actually be the predominant main provider for virtually everything for our larger customers. So it's a good story on C&I. Our loan average balances as we reported were up 0.6% linked quarter, 0.5% adjusted for acquisitions. But it was actually 0.9% end of period -- end-of-period linked quarter. So we see a little bit of momentum in the second half of the second quarter, which is the opposite of what we saw 90 days ago when we've said the second half of the first quarter was slowing. We're not courageous enough to make that a trend yet, but we are suggesting that it's got a favorable bias. And we continue to think our loan growth will be at the levels we've seen before and, hopefully, start to move a little bit more.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: And net new is at the same profitability level, up, down, sideways?
Andrew Cecere: As I talked about, Betsy, I would say, versus 3 or 4 quarters ago, it's down perhaps 25 to 30 basis points, versus where we were beginning this cycle. It's actually still up against that and still very profitable transactions. And you can see from our loan, overall loan rates and our deposit rates, that we're still -- that the margin overall is flattish. The only reason we were down for the quarter is because of the securities portfolio and that was actually down more than what we have reported. So our margin is hanging in there pretty flat.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chris Kotowski of Oppenheimer.
Christoph Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: I'd like to dive into the loan growth questions a little bit more and on Page 9 of the press release. I guess, first of all, both for you and for the industry as a whole, if you look at the categories that are under the most pressure, it's construction and development, commercial real estate and home equity mortgages. And those are the numbers where I thought we'd see it, but with the fed numbers coming down constantly. And is there a bottom there in your mind at which those portfolios stop growing or is that still a long way off?
P. Parker: Well, I'll take the construction and development first. I mean there is -- ours continues to decline. There is some run-off there as the projects that started 2, 3 years ago come to fruition, get online and find permanent financing. But we have seen some -- there's actually pretty good volume in multifamily. Still limited in residential. There's also been a lot of build-to-suit. So it's probably nearing bottom of the runoff, at least for our portfolio. But we have seen some uptick in the commercial mortgage or the stabilized lines. So on a mixed basis, we're probably 6 to 9 months away from that, really, moving around. Home Equity, we've been steady as she goes, just through originating it out through our branches. Every quarter, we originate about the same amount of the same high-quality home equity. So that's been a good steady business for us. Residential mortgages and terms, again, that has been a strong area of origination for what we put on our balance sheet with the jumbled mortgage market and historically low rates. So we've seen good demand in those areas.
Christoph Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Okay. And then the lease financing as opposed to commercial loans is running down. Why is that?
P. Parker: There was a little bit of some older small ticket portfolios that we ran off. But other than that, if you take that out it's -- overall, the equipment finance area is doing very well.
Richard Davis: Chris, it's really more aligned with traditional C&I lending.
Christoph Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Okay. And then just on the credit card, I mean, it's small numbers, but compared to the fed loan numbers this quarter, your portfolio ran down a bit more than the industry. I would have expected you to be gaining share or is there a story there?
Richard Davis: This is Richard. Our year-over-year growth is down about 2%. And that's a little bit better than the average of the larger portfolios we compare ourselves to. More importantly, compared to kind of the peak when each of the portfolios are a much higher a couple of years ago. We're only down 3% and the industry is down more like 20%. So while one quarter a trend doesn't make, I think, you'll find that we're one of the few shops that are pretty close to our peak level because we either bought or acquired portfolios who continue to originate at levels that we didn't have to change because we weren't underwriting at levels we couldn't sustain before. So I wouldn't read into it. In fact, I would say we are probably a little better based on our calcs in the quarter, but it did shrink a bit. And that's a reflection of some of the final venality of the charge-offs finally going away. And our reticence to get into the game of trying to outprice ourselves for the next new customer. We're not going to do that. We don't think we have to and we want to make sure that our growth is the same quality as the portfolio, so we're not going to add some blips and origination that won't be sustainable. Otherwise, we're actually quite satisfied. And for us, it's a pretty big portfolio based on our total asset size. So it's a business we like a lot and we're putting a lot of energy into it and, hopefully, going to see some results over the recovery of the economy in the next year or 2.
Christoph Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Fair enough. And actually, while we're on the credit card business, I guess, there are considerable news -- press stories about HSBC's portfolio being available for sale and other portfolios potentially being on sale, available for sale. Is that a business that you would consider growing by acquisition?
Richard Davis: I won't talk about any specific portfolio but in credit cards or anything, you won't see us pick up a portfolio that's bigger than we are or big enough to change what we are in that category. There's a lot of commercial real estate portfolios out there as well. And I don't want to change the composition of what you all expect from us. I don't want to acquire somebody else's business no matter what the price if it's going to change the way we operate or the way we manage the balance sheet. So anything really big, as it compares to our size, we're not going to do. If it's marginal in terms of size, if it's opportune because it's exactly what we do and it's a chance we can't pass, then we might take a look. And we'll look at anything. I've said this before, where in virtually every due diligence that has any possibility of making sense. But nothing of substantial size where you see coming into our portfolio to change the way our mix or our composition looks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG: If I could just drill down a bit into the capital deployment areas -- things. You talked about buying back some stock in the later part of the second quarter and expectations for buyback for the remainder of the year. Just remind us of what you have the ability to do right now and kind of what your thought process is on buyback looking beyond the next couple of quarters.
Andrew Cecere: Sure, Matt, this is Andy. So we have an authorization as you know for this year, 50 million shares. We started buying back very late in the second quarter as we approach that 8% number in terms of that Tier 1 common Basel III. About 2.5 million shares late in the second quarter. You should expect us to continue that buyback as we move forward. Were still waiting on the final SIFI buffer. But as we talked about, we're starting at 8.1%. We're generating 30 to 40 basis points a quarter. So whatever that SIFI buffer is, we feel comfortable we've been able to achieve it and continue to distribute at capital for the remainder of this year and in going to next year. And from the perspective of our objectives from a capital deployment standpoint, and we've talked about this, we would, over the time frame expect to distribute 30% to 40% of our range in form of dividends, and 30% to 40% in terms of buybacks so you get to that 60% to 80%.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG: But just as we think about the next few quarters here, the dividend is what it is, the balance sheet growth obviously is something that's the main focus. And then absent deals try to manage that 8% Tier 1 common or if it ends up being 8.25%, 8.5%, whatever it is, but we should think about whatever over 8% will go towards buyback?
Andrew Cecere: Yes. Depending upon whatever the final SIFI buffer is, which we hope to get some more guidance there. But that would be the correct way to think about it.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And then what are other capital deployment opportunities, I think you have about $4 billion of trust. I believe half of them are either callable now, or at some point this year irrespective of any changes out of a -- from a regulatory point of view. What's the thought process in terms of retiring some of that given all the deposit growth you had and strong funding overall?
Andrew Cecere: You're right. Now we have $3.3 billion of trust-preferred. Some of it is already callable. You should expect us to act on those securities over the next year. Some of that could happen this year, some next year. I would say of the $3.3 billion, $2.2 billion have replacement capital covenants, so that would also perhaps entail some sort of issuance at the same time. But we will manage to those numbers and manage those securities over the next year or so.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And then just separately, I've asked you a lot about operating leverage the last few quarters. It was positive, nicely year-over-year or slightly positive quarter-to-quarter. I can appreciate any given quarter there could be some noise and we do have the Durbin impact to digest, but how do you think operating levels will trend going forward from here?
Andrew Cecere: You're right. Any quarter, any particular quarter could have some noise. But as we talked about, we expected positive operating leverage in the second quarter, we achieved it. We're very focused on both the revenue and the expense side of the equation. And we're going to manage expense like we always do in conjunction with what we see from the revenue side. So that's the way we focus and that's the way we manage the balance sheet and the income statement.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG: So targeting positive?
Richard Davis: Yes. This is Richard. We are targeting positive. That's the way we -- that's how you grow the company. And we are well aware that our revenue has been strong enough to account for these last 3 or 4 years. We have really invested in the company. We're real proud of that. As the world continues to be uncertain, we continue to be watchful on our expenses. And the 51.6%, we don't need to have a campaign or a program to watch our expenses, we do it every day. But we are continuing to watch them every day and you can well bet that until we see sustainable, foreseeable growth in revenue. We're going to tend to be very careful on our expenses and be very watchful. So that's one thing you don't have to worry about with this company.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Paul Miller of FBR Capital Markets.
Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Going back to loan growth. And I know you have a lot of questions on it, but we had a lot of banks release earnings already. And it seems to be some banks that can really generate some loans and other banks that are really talking sour on loan growth, with a couple of banks saying, "Don't expect loan growth for the rest of the year." I just want to know, I mean, why the tale of the 2 different institutions? Because a lot of this is driven by the macro part of growth of GDP. Some of it utilization and relationships. But why are we seeing different, I guess, outlooks out there for loan growth from different institutions? I don't know if you can answer that or not.
Richard Davis: Yes. This is Richard. Happy to answer it. Couple of things, it's a tale of 2 stories like you said. But first, our story goes back 3 years ago when we started investing on kind of the barbell of the loan spectrum. We brought in a number of new small business lenders and originators and changed the way our branch managers become the center of small business activities and that is showing up in great form. Just our annualized loan growth in small business, if you go down and drill down, it's about 10.6% small business, card is like 19%. So we're getting in on that. And then the same 3 years ago, we started introducing to all of you this corporate bank that we're building out. And it wasn't just for the sake of a having a few more people on the East Coast, it was to really become a full service, top-flight corporate bank that can provide virtually everything our customers need. And that happened too, Paul. So we are getting not only more customers, we're getting a lot more invitations to the party that earlier in the call, we're being now moved up to the top tier of many of these opportunities for both the line and for the capital markets activity, number one. Number two, is we don't have anything running off that we can't replace. So as you know that's probably a 4- or 5-year old story, but it really is important that we just simply haven't had to change any business models from the beginning to the end of this downturn because we simply weren't doing things we could sustain over the course of that more difficult period, and I think that helps. You will see that we don't have a run off portfolio virtually anywhere, and we don't have any business plan that we wish we weren't in or that are atrophying. I think those 2 things, our investments coming to fruition and the lack of having to change the continuity that we created years ago are probably the 2 best reasons our story might resonated differently. I can't speak for the whole industry, but I think that's probably is a good insight.
Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: And then on loan pricing, I think a couple of individuals ask about the profitability of these loans because what we've seen -- what a lot of people have sat and told us that there's a lot of price competition that some banks don't want to chase down. I mean -- but it seems like they've built the lenders out there. But are you competing on price or is that something that you feel comfortable competing on?
Andrew Cecere: No. We are being competitive on price but I will tell you the margins are still very profitable. As I mentioned before, perhaps down 25 or 30 basis points, but what we're talking about is on wholesale side and the middle-market side. A 250 spread now is somewhere around 220, so still much above -- well above where it was in 2006, early 2007. So they're still very profitable deals. And deals that we are very happy and proud.
Richard Davis: We won't compete on price because with the other levers competing on underwriting, we won't do that, ever. So price is really very important to us and I don't think, based on our efficiency ratio, if anybody could catch up with the quality of the deal is good. And if there's a relationship attached to it. We won't go after a loan individually anymore. Those are the old days, there's no relationship in that.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ed Najarian of ISI Group.
Ed Najarian - ISI Group Inc.: Just 2 quick questions, maybe so that we can get a little more context on how you're thinking about capital and reserves over the long term. As you think about getting to normalize credit losses, say by 2013 or maybe as you indicated even slightly sooner than that, where would you be willing to take the reserve to loan ratio to in that environment? I think if we can get that sense, we can get a good sense of how you're thinking about reserve recapture.
P. Parker: Well, I'll take a stab of that, Ed. I mean, I've talked about that in the past and what I've said is there was, in the old days, there was sort of a benchmark of, industry benchmark of about 1.5% reserve-to-loan ratio. But even under the rules that are in existence today, there's more things that are under this 114 accounting methodology, which basically says if you have any kind of restructured loan you're going to look beyond the current period, look more of a lifetime loss. So with the issues in the residential mortgage business, in terms of all the restructuring banks are doing, that's just going to raise whatever kind of through the cycle reserve level banks go to. So I think you're going to be north of 2%. It's kind of an industry thing. I don't want to comment specifically on our bank on a long-term basis, but that's how I think about it.
Ed Najarian - ISI Group Inc.: So north of 2% of the industry and your -- well, you just said you don't want to comment specifically, but it seems...
Richard Davis: Here's the other deal. This is, in fact, my only point. Every time you make a decision on what your loan reserves will end up based on actions of either add or taking away, your auditors and your regulators have to apply them. And so far, we have never come across where we've got any debates on whether or not we are at the right place. But I think we're going to test the nettle of that whole theory, whichever number you want to talk about, the is no single one ratio by the way. It has never been deemed as the most important. But I think that we're all going to need to collect our thoughts and work with the accounting FASB and everybody else to decide what's the right over the cycle kind of loan losses that we want so we don't visit a SunTrust 1998 SEC issue again. And recognize that banking is volatile. There's some cyclicality to it. And basically now it's stress testing. We offer pretty good idea and have overseers to decide what is the reasonable over the term kind of loan loss necessary level. And I think we should all work toward that and find an answer that's not there today so your question can be answered a bit differently. But that's one of the guidelines we haven't created yet through the course of this downturn. We, for one, are going to work to see if we can help inform that outcome.
Ed Najarian - ISI Group Inc.: Okay. And then just a follow-up. I mean, obviously, the credit quality is continuing to improve. We're getting closer to this sort of normalized environment. How quickly do you think you can get up to that? And your capital ratios are building, how quickly you think you can get the bank to that 30% to 40% dividend payout ratio that you're targeting? Is that next year? Is that 2013 or is it longer out?
Richard Davis: I don't know. But I do know this, it's not just -- it's both, it's 30% to 40% on dividend payback and 30% to 40% on buybacks. Any combination of those up to 60% to 80%. I have a goal of getting there as soon as I can. I think first and foremost we have an annual stress test protocol now, which we will respect and move through. And we all don't know whether or not that's going to become more often than annual. But at least annually we'll put in our forecast. We'll stress test the company and we'll submit our request continue more buybacks and continue higher dividend. And over the course, if it was left to our own device, we'd probably get there sooner than I'm sure what the rules will be under our stress test scenario that says, "But what if this happens and we need to withhold certain actions until we're certain that we're beyond this." So for us, I think, it's multi-quarter but it's not and it's not like half decade. I mean, we're just going to get there as soon as we can and based on where I think we are plus what I think our SIFI might be, I think we're going to get there very quickly and we're going to seek permission to be among the first to move forward on both of those to get closer and closer to our final payout. But I'd love to take this if I knew. I wouldn't just withhold it from you I'd be taking other actions with certainty, but right now, we're just going to follow the rules and keep pushing to get as much as we can given our good performance.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Just one question on net interest margin, last quarter you'd given some guidance that it came in much better largely the benefit of all the great excess deposit growth that you referred to earlier. I'm just wondering if you can put into context again the additional liquidity build that you're expecting to add, and thoughts on how the margin can track or within that, just your puts and takes.
Andrew Cecere: Sure, Ken. So we were down 2 basis points 369 to 367, quarter 1 to quarter 2. If you think about the 2 basis points, we were down 5 basis points because of the $5 billion additional securities portfolio purchases, which is what we expected. The cash flows of the Fed, however, went down from about $8.5 billion to about $6.5 billion, so that helped us by 2 basis points. And everything else was better by about 1 basis point. So you think about the fact that we expect to add another $5 billion or so in the second half the year, that implies another 5 basis points in the second half of the year of decline. I'm not going to assume anything on cash levels or deposits, but all other things being equal, we have a slight decline and then perhaps a positive bias on our core a few basis points. And that's the way we describe it.
Richard Davis: So you just said flattish.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Right. So core is flattish because of the combination of still good loan growth and good low-core deposit growth.
Andrew Cecere: Right. Our deposit pricing and our loan pricing has helped us. The net of those 2 is about a 1 basis point favorable and the cash position is about 2 and the securities was about 5 negative.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. Got it. Next, I want to follow-up just on credit and commitments. You mentioned that you're growing commitments a lot. I'm just wondering what's going on the pricing side of commitments. Are you changing the way you're pricing for commitments, and is that showing up in results? And the second part of that is just, are your corporate customers changing the way they view commitments in terms of fees are going up or are they just downsizing when they're renewing?
P. Parker: I wouldn't say they're downsizing when they're renewing. I mean, I think, there's more awareness in the banking industry of the cost of having the unfunded commitment out there. So I think that's been a nice balance, of course, our customers wanting lower pricing. So we've seen the commitment pricing hang in there pretty well.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Nancy Bush of NAB Research LLC.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: Richard, a question for you. I mean your results have been quite strong this quarter and as you said you're building momentum and sort of a strengthening pattern of earnings, and that's generally true throughout the major banks with 1 or 2 notable exceptions. There just seems to be a bit of a disconnect from what's going on and what we're hearing about the economy. And clearly, part of what you're achieving and what your peer banks are achieving is sort of a recovery from the crisis. But how long can the banks and the economy stay disconnected? And are your earnings indicating that there's a better economy out there than we're seeing?
Richard Davis: Yes, that's a good question, Nancy. All of them actually. I would say first of all, my belief is that this economy will eventually come back and it will be corporate led, not consumer led, which is quite unusual. And I actually think that is a reflection what you're seeing in the strong banks balance sheet. For instance, in the recessions past, typically the consumer is the first to blink so they can't withhold making expenditures, doing things because they had basically the home equity, they have the housing values, they had certain other things that they were clear about. And that's not present this time. But we've gone longer and longer and longer than anyone thought from both the corporate and the consumer side of the balance sheet for people holding on and making things last until they can't finally go forward on growth. And I think the corporations are starting to build for that. The commitment line of usage is a reflection of when that finally happens. But the fact that they're building it up, and at a cost, says that they're getting ready to move when there's an opportunity. I actually think that at the highest level that this corporations will actually reduce their pricing to finally attract the consumer into the game and that will all start to create the recovery we're looking for whenever it occurs. So first of all, our balance sheets look like just the economy, people are saving like crazy. They don't know what to do with their money, but it's safer here than anywhere else especially given certain FDIC guarantees and things. There is nowhere better to put it unless it's a stock market and that's iffy and lumpy. So I think our balance sheet growing makes sense. I think at a low interest rates, you'll people not getting very clever on how they invest their money because there's not a lot of choices. So that make sense primarily in low interest deposit or some form of offset to service charges. And then I do think that the small businesses are starting to move forward where they can get some traction. The corporations are starting to building their lines. And it's just the basic consumer that's withholding because there's no other alternative for them. Their credit card is more important to them than their house. And housing may or may not come back for quite some time. So I don't think we're out of order with that. How long banks can put up with this? If it's forever, we're out of business because we don't make money if we don't deploy deposits into some form of loans or lines. But we all know that that's not going to be the case. So it's a matter of just who can hang on the longest. And in our case, we're blessed with this corporate trust and payments business, which creates this wonderful diversification of revenue that isn't based on balance sheet and isn't relying wholly on loans. So those of us that have diversified earnings and strong customer base, I think, can hold on for quite a while longer and still make money until which time it comes back. And I'm not Pollyanna. As you know, I'm quite realistic. But I think it takes another year or 2 for the economy to start to kick in, the corporates will start first and the consumers will follow.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: Just one add-on question to that. You bring up the point that the credit card is now more important than the house. Have you modified your plans for the growth of the mortgage business in response to what seems to be a growing aversion to homeownership?
Richard Davis: Not yet. And I say not yet, meaning, that we're going to do it but they were not sure what we're going to do. I mean, we're now the sixth largest mortgage provider origination and servicing. By the way 6 is a really good place, don't you think? And so for us, we're going to wait and see on a lot of issues. We have first to wait and see what the happens with the AG settlement with the large 5 servicers. Not so much the financial fees, which for us will be, on any measure, less than 2% and something we can handle. But more of what are the long-term rules of servicing. Number two, we need to understand what the rules are going to be for modifications and foreclosures. If you think about it, Nancy, if we're told that in the future, a high-quality customer for origination and servicing purposes is still a very profitable activity, we'll do it. But if someone tells me that the minute they flip into some form of risk or modification or foreclosure, the cost of compliance and the requirements of going through all kinds of specific steps becomes so inordinately expensive, we're all just going to underwrite at a much higher level and make sure we don't have any of those modified customers. And therein lies perhaps one of the risks of slowing down the availability and affordability of housing. Never mind, QRMs, is something else we need to worry about because they may be a bit too pure in their definition. And never mind the minute rates do go up, and they will eventually, home affordability plummets very quickly, it's exponential. So I do think we have a risk here, the mortgages outside of high, high quality become less profitable to the banks, and I think we're all just going to have to assess what level of volume we want in that respect. But I'll tell you that mortgages are a great core product. They always will be. And people who have a mortgage with you, who you can trust, you will let you have the rest of their business, and that's what we're staying in the game for. So we'll stay where we are. We'll work quickly to manage through the current uncertainties and we'll wait to see what comes out, and we'll make our decision after that.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Marty Mosby of Guggenheim Partners.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC: I wanted to ask a little bit about the regulatory changes, and we're talking about the unfavorable impact that, if you add the 3 items together it's about $1 billion. And we're now kind of -- have kind of finalized all the uncertainty, so we know what to expect. And now we can start to move towards mitigating some of those issues. I was just wondering how do we kind of see that rolling out if we're talking about a $300 million to $500 million improvement over time to be able to mitigate some of those regulatory impacts.
Richard Davis: Well, first, we're already doing some of our mitigating actions by the way we have reconstructed our checking products. We have a product called Checking With Choice, where customers can provide other business that they have with us as alternatives to withhold any kind of fee payment. In fact 85% of our customers don't pay any service charge on checking, but they brought a lot more business to us and that's happening around the system. But those who do pay, have no other opportunities but to create some service charge. And that's part of the mitigation on the checking product. However, there's another piece that will come in the form of either cost to merchants over the course of time as we understand how to unbundle what the Durbin Amendment really means and the cost of providing fraud and immediate guarantees and immediate credit and all of that. And we also haven't really touched the debit product yet. We're not going to. Debit rewards will continue to be something we don't provide going forward, as we haven't for the last 90 days. But in terms of creating a cost per debit capability, we're not at all at that place. We're going to let others go first, and we'll see what comes up. And I don't think the consumers going to really want that. So Marty, that's why we say 30% to 50%. We probably have our hand on 30% mitigation and we have a just big kind of white board for the next 20%, which we're going to take a little while to decide and make a very thoughtful division over the course of probably the next 3 to 4 quarters. So 30% in the books, the other 20% is probably 6 to 9 months away.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC: And I guess as we see that roll forward what we would see is that -- because we're talking about the way that these activities occur within the products. It will be kind of cent by cent, kind of rolling in over probably an 18-month period, 24-month period.
Andrew Cecere: I would say it would be shorter than that, Marty. I would say in the next year.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mike Mayo of CLSA.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Now that we know the SIFI premium, 250 basis points for the biggest banks, I guess, you don't know your exact SIFI premium. Could that hold you back from doing a large acquisition because now you have not only the cost of the acquisition but the potential cost of having to hold higher capital levels?
Richard Davis: No. I mean, a large acquisition will be made first and foremost on the merits of whether it's good for us. It needs to be something that meets all of our thresholds for profitability and accretion. And the fact that, Mike, if it's a really good deal and we have to raise capital we would do it with the expectations that the market would want it enough to celebrate our decision and raise capital with pretty high certainty. The SIFI itself will have no bearing at all on how we feel about acquisition. But you also know that, that bar, as I said, is pretty high for us. And if nothing comes along that meets that bar, then it won't matter anyway. And if they do, it will be such a good deal you all want for it. On the SIFI side, we don't know where we'll fall between and up to 2.5 basis points but we do believe that based on the tiering that we've heard about and all the intelligence we can gather, we're probably looking at a 0.75 to maybe 1.25 kind of a SIFI surcharge. And if that's the case, then we're getting close to that already. Plus a buffer that Andy and I, along said we would put on top of that for this company, it's probably 50 basis points. So once we get that number, we can fill in all the blanks and we're ready to roll.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And then switching gears back to loan growth, credit card loans period end are up 1.5%, when the industry is down, 2% to 4%. So what are you doing differently in credit cards that's allowing for growth? Is it a new product? Are you targeting certain regions? Are you taking some more risk, which maybe it makes sense since credit's getting so much better?
P. Parker: Yes. I'll take that. I mean we grew through the cycle we didn't change our underwriting. We grew through the cycle. Most of our major competitors, I mean, if you look at what they did, over the past 2, 3 years, their balance have declined significantly. So they're running off or charging off parts of their business initiatives that they had from prior to the recession. But we did not have to do that. So that's the main difference.
Richard Davis: Yes. So Mike, it's pretty much just having a steady core of customers that aren't leaving. We also have -- we do have some pretty good like our FlexPerks program, which we created a couple of years ago when we launched the Northwest Airlines card, it's a remarkable program, It gets recognized by Kiplinger and others. It's among the best. So we're in the game with a really good product, and a lot of our underwriting now is coming from customers to the branches, which creates a very high-quality customer with a lot of stickiness to it. So for us, we expected it to be that. In fact, the fact that it shrinks and all, even over an average period surprises us because we really haven't seen that over the course of this whole recession.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: What percent comes through the branches?
Richard Davis: I'm going to say the origination is probably 20%, 25% for the branches. The rest would come through more of the traditional ways. But you don't see us in your mailbox a lot because we're pretty selective on how we go after our customers in different co-branded ways and in some cases direct mail but it's very targeted.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And then last question just going back to commercial loan growth. I mean, 14% annualized commercial loan growth, which is -- I guess, it's good as long as it's of good quality. So I guess, what's the loan utilization rate? I'm sorry if I missed it -- in the second quarter versus the first?
Andrew Cecere: It's down 50 basis points, from 25 to 24.5. First quarter average to second quarter average.
Richard Davis: Remember, we just look at the C&I piece. We don't have revolving lines of credit card or leases and things like that.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: So this is really market share gains? You talked about in the last 3 years that you're expanding beyond your branch footprint for more national loans, you mentioned asset base, healthcare, government banking. So this is -- is that a fair way to characterize, it's market share gains, more lines, more customers?
Richard Davis: Bingo.
Andrew Cecere: Right. And Mike, it's important to note when I talk about the utilization going down 0.5%, underlying that is a utilization or a commitment increase of 4.4%. So really what happened was commitments grew tremendously and loan volume grew a little bit less than that but still grew well.
Richard Davis: That's right. I just said bingo because I want to see it in the transcript.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And then of the $47 billion of commercial loans how much of that would be syndicated loans?
P. Parker: I'd say about 20%, 25%.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And what would that percentage have been a year ago? Because it seems like you're ramping that up some.
P. Parker: I don't think it would be substantially low.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Is it fair to characterize your commercial loan growth as having been the largest part through syndicated loans?
P. Parker: Some of that, but not necessarily. I mean...
Richard Davis: In fact, you said the same percentage a year ago, it's really not. Syndicated, maybe hold levels are bigger, it doesn't mean that we get the outstanding on it. So we are probably participating at higher levels. But a lot of this is brand new customers that are -- I just can't tell you what it's like to be invited into a 100-year-old credit that we've never been a part of. And they bring you in and they let you all the way in. It's really what we're doing in a lot of them.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: What our typical hold levels these days?
P. Parker: Well, I'm not going to disclose that. But I mean, it varies by the asset quality of the company and by the amount of relationship business we get.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: I guess, just to close this whole discussion about commercial loan growth and syndicated loans, you talked about being a bigger player in the more corporate lending segment. Just what your sales pitch to get business if you're competing against, say, a money-center bank like JPMorgan, or a foreign bank like Deutsche Bank, or let's say a brokerage firm like Goldman Sachs. And now here's U.S. Bancorp at the table saying give us your corporate business with all the bells and whistles. Why choose U.S. Bancorp versus those other competitors?
Richard Davis: Number one is because our ratings, right? That really does weigh heavily. We open the door with the ratings. Then many of our employees out of footprint came from another really, really good bank and they had relationships with customers who they now under all the right legal approaches have now welcomed them to their new bank, which is us. So it's takes a lot of relationship selling as well. And then finally, we've been with customers for a long time but we've never had the capital market capability, which we can now come back to them and say we'd like to be more engaged in this 25-year relationship by being the bank that helps you with you all of your other offerings. And in accordance with that, we'd like to talk to you about our corporate payments, which a lot of our peers don't have and some of the transactional businesses that we've introduced over the many years even corporate trust. So Mike, for us, it starts with the ratings, that moves to relationship, and last and finally, new team on the block and a lot of banks have said well, our customers have said, I know I need more than 1 or 2 banks in my credit because I learned that lesson. I want to look at ones that would be around for a long time and they can check our references and they'll find out customers we've had over the cycle. We didn't change the rules. We didn't walk away and we didn't make it harder for them when it might have been easy for us to leverage a little bit more. I think those references get called out and we get called back.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Moshe Orenbuch of Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG: Two quick things. I guess the first is, overnight, the Basel committee actually put out their SIFI buffer on a global basis. And what I found interesting was that probably only 2 of the 5 criteria would likely apply to you in a significant way. So the question is, I don't know if you have had any discussions with the Fed as to how they are likely to apply the criteria because it would seem, based upon that, you shouldn't be overly worried being anywhere towards the upper end of any ranges anyway.
Andrew Cecere: Right. So we don't have the international exposure. I would say our interconnectedness is limited. You're absolutely right. Size we're certainly well below the top 4 banks so that's why Richard mentioned that the global is at 1 to 250, we would expect to be somewhere at the low end of that if not below that level.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG: Right. So I guess the follow-up to that is that it doesn't seem like you need to -- I mean, do you really need to wait until you get the precise number for those capital actions?
Richard Davis: Yes, you do. Because first of all, we're just a little tiny bank from Bloomington, Minnesota, just remember that. The stress test is a model, and the model requires us to fill in all of the blanks. And so this will be one step, a blank that everyone needs to fill in, in order to move forward with their capital action in the CCAR reports. So we're all hopeful that we'll have some clarity around that when we introduce the second annual input in late fall and get our results in early winter.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG: Got it. The second thing is you gave some clarity on your thoughts on Durbin, what you're going to do and what you're not going to do. Do you think you have something of an advantage because of the payments business, the ability to as opposed to the stick maybe a little bit of a carrot in terms of offering people other payments products? Is that -- can you talk about that a little bit?
Andrew Cecere: Well, the ability to offer the full service set certainly is something that is beneficial. The fact that we have the merchant side of the equation, as well as the issuance side is also a positive for us. And as Richard said, we're going to be very thoughtful the way we rollout any changes, thinking about the relationship.
Richard Davis: Yes. It's a net positive. We just haven't decided exactly what it means yet.
Operator: Presenters, do you have any closing remarks?
Richard Davis: This is Richard. I just want to thank you all for your continued support of our company. I am quite pleased with this quarter, and I think it starts to get pretty close to something more normal. Our ROE is almost 16%. Our ROA is 1.5%. And those are close to numbers we promised we'll get to over the long period. So while we saw some reserve release, we'll eventually replace that with honest to God revenue. But we're getting very close to something more normal and I hope that recognized by you all. And I appreciate the fact that you've given us these last few years to kind of reconstruct the company and come out as well as we have.
Judith Murphy: Thanks for listening and as always if you have any follow-up questions, please give me or Sean O'Connor a call. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-19 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard Davis - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Risk Management Committee Andrew Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer P. Parker - Chief Credit Officer and Executive Vice President Judith Murphy - Senior Vice President, Director of Investor Relations and Analyst
Analysts: Matthew Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Ed Najarian - ISI Group Inc. John McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. Nancy Bush - NAB Research Christoph Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG
Operator: Welcome to the U.S. Bancorp's First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Richard Davis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Cecere, U.S. Bancorp's Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Judy Murphy, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Judith Murphy: Thank you, Deshante. Good morning to everyone who has joined our call. Richard Davis, Andy Cecere and Bill Parker are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorp's first quarter 2011 results, and to answer your questions. Richard and Andy will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of the slide presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at www.usbank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risks and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of today's presentation in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard Davis: Thank you, Judy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'd like to begin on Page 3 of the presentation, and point out a few highlights from our first quarter results. U.S. Bank reported net income of $1.046 billion for the first quarter of 2011 or $0.52 per diluted common share. Our earnings were $0.18 higher than the same quarter of last year, and $0.03 higher than the fourth quarter of 2010. Included in this quarter's results was a gain related to the acquisition of the First Community Bank of New Mexico that positively impacted earnings per diluted common share by $0.02. We achieved total net revenue of $4.5 billion this quarter, which represented a 4.6% increase over the same quarter of 2010, with a 4.3% decline from the prior quarter, which primarily reflected our company's normal first quarter seasonality.  Total average loans grew year-over-year by 2.4% or 2.1% excluding acquisitions. Importantly, for the third quarter in a row, we achieved linked quarter loan growth as total loans grew by 1.1% over the fourth quarter or 0.7% adjusted for acquisitions. Deposit growth was exceptionally strong this quarter, with average low-cost deposit balances increasing by 15.3% year-over-year, and 6.7% linked quarter.  Excluding acquisitions, the year-over-year growth rate was a strong 10.2%, and a linked quarter growth was 2.1%. As expected, credit quality improved as net charge-offs declined by 14.1% and non-performing assets, excluding covered assets of the First Community Bank of New Mexico acquisition, which you may recall that not include a loss share agreement, declined by 4.7% from the fourth quarter. Further, this improvement in our credit quality supported a reduction in the allowance for credit losses, and the company recorded a provision for credit losses that was $15 million less than the net charge-offs in the first quarter. Our company continues to generate significant capital each quarter, and our capital position remains strong, with the Tier 1 common and Tier 1 capital ratios increasing to 8.2% and 10.8% respectively at quarter's end. Slide 4 displays our consistent performance metrics over the past 5 quarters. Return on average assets in the first quarter was 1.38%, and return on average common equity was 14.5%. The 5 quarter trends of our net interest margin and efficiency ratio are shown in the graph on the right-hand side of Slide 4. As expected, this quarter's net interest margin of 3.69% was lower than the same quarter last year and the prior quarter, and Andy will discuss the factors that led to this change in a few minutes. Our first quarter efficiency ratio was 51.1%, lower than the prior quarter, but above the same quarter of last year. We remain the best among our peers in terms of efficiency, and see this ratio continuing to average in the low 50s, reflecting both revenue growth and cost associated with ongoing investments, as well as the impact of recent legislative and regulatory actions on our revenue and on our expense. Turning to Slide 5, as I previously noted, our capital position remains strong and continues to grow. In fact, our Tier 1 common ratio under Basel III guidelines at March 31 was 7.7%, well above the 7% Basel III level required in 2019.  Turning to Slide 6. We were pleased to announce the long anticipated increase in our dividend on March 18 after receiving word from the regulators that they did not object to our proposed increase or other capital actions. We announced a 150% increase in our dividend, raising the annual rate from $0.20 to $0.50. In addition, the Board of Directors authorized the $50 million share repurchase program. We believe the ability to buy back stock is important, allowing flexibility and returning capital to shareholders over time. In 2011, however, buybacks are not expected to be meaningful until the final Basel III guidelines are established later this year. Moving to Slide 7. Average total loans outstanding increased by $4.7 billion or 2.4% year-over-year. And in total, new loan originations, excluding mortgage production plus new and renewed commitments were over $35 billion this quarter compared with approximately $27 billion in the first quarter of last year, representing a 28% increase in new activity. Importantly, total corporate and commercial commitments outstanding increased by 9.6% year-over-year, and 2.3%, linked quarter, positioning us to quickly fulfill our customers' lending needs as confidence returns and recovery takes a firm hold. Total average deposits increased by $21.8 billion or 11.9% over the same quarter of last year. As you can see from the slide, a portion of that increase came from acquisitions, most notably the December acquisition of the Securitization Trust business. Total average deposits grew by $14 billion on a linked quarter basis or 7.4%, primarily due to higher corporate trust balances, which included the impact of the Securitization Trust business, as well as growth in Consumer and Small Business Banking and the Wholesale and Commercial Real Estate business lines. Turning to Slide 8. The company reported total net revenue in the first quarter of $4.5 billion. The increase in revenue year-over-year was driven by earning asset growth, strength in our Fee businesses, organic growth initiatives and acquisitions, and tempered somewhat by the impact of recent legislative actions. This was a record first quarter in terms of total revenue for our company, demonstrating the positive impact that the investments we have made over the past few years are having on our results.  Turning to Slide 9 and credit quality. First quarter total net charge-offs of $805 million were 14.1% lower than the fourth quarter of 2010. Non-performing assets, excluding covered assets and assets acquired through the recent First Community Bank of New Mexico transaction decreased by $159 million or 4.7%. As you can see from the charts, this represents the fourth consecutive quarter of declining net charge-offs and non-performing assets, giving us further confidence that these trends will continue.  On Slide 10, the graph on the left shows continued improvement in the early and late stage delinquencies, excluding covered assets in the first quarter. On the right-hand side of Slide 10, the trends in criticized assets again gives us another indication that we have reached the inflection point in credit quality. Accordingly, we expect the level of both net charge-offs and non-performing assets, excluding covered assets, to trend lower in the second quarter of 2011. Turning to Slide 11, you can see that for the second time since this credit cycle began, we recorded a provision for credit losses less than the total net charge-off. Specifically, we released $50 million of reserves. This compares with the provision for credit losses that was less than charge-offs by $25 million in the fourth quarter, while an incremental provision equal to approximately 15% of net charge-offs or $175 million was recorded in the first quarter of last year. The reserve release was primarily driven by the improvement in credit quality of the commercial and retail loan portfolios.  Before turning the call over to Andy, I want to make a few comments about the recent interagency review of foreclosure policies and practices. Let me say first that our company sets a very high standard for fair and ethical business practices. We are a relatively small participant in the mortgage servicing market, approximately 2% and have long been committed to sound modification and foreclosure practices. Any recommendations by our regulators for improvements to our processes are, however, taken very seriously, and we are committed to working with the regulators to quickly resolve any outstanding issues. We have always regarded foreclosures as a last resort as we make every attempt to keep our customers in their houses through home retention programs. In fact, our home retention programs in 2010 outpaced new foreclosures by 50%. Moreover, our 60-day re-default rate, a measure of loan modification effectiveness, is significantly lower than industry average. I would also note that we continue to have sufficient financial staffing and managerial resources to ensure the proper administration of our foreclosure processes. As this was confirmed by the fact that no resource deficiency was cited by the regulators in the recent horizontal review. We will continue to support our customers during these challenging economic times, and we stand ready to assist them. I'll now turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks, Richard. I will just take a few minutes to provide you with more details about the results. I turn your attention to Slide 12, which gives a full view of our first quarter 2011 results compared to the fourth quarter and first quarter of 2010. Earnings per diluted common share of $0.52 were 52.9% higher in the first quarter of 2010, and 6.1% higher in the prior quarter. The key drivers of the company's first quarter earnings are detailed on Slide 13. The $377 million or 56.4% increase in net income year-over-year was primarily the result of $198 million or 4.6% increase in net revenue, and a $555 million decrease in the provision for credit losses, which include a $225 million favorable change in excess provision expense, as we move from building reserves to releasing reserves. These favorable changes in total net revenue and the provision were partially offset by $178 million or 8.3% increase in non-interest expense year-over-year. Net income was $72 million or 7.4% higher on a linked-quarter basis. A $171 million or 6.9% decrease in total expense and a favorable variance of $157 million in the provision for loan losses more than offset the 4.3% decrease in total net revenue quarter-over-quarter. A summary of the significant items that impact the comparison over our first quarter results to prior periods are detailed on Slide 14. The significant items called out for the first quarter of 2011 were $46 million bargain purchase gain related to the recent purchase of First Community Bank from the FDIC, $5 million in net securities losses, and a $50 million reserve release. The fourth quarter of 2010 included a gain of $103 million equal to $41 million after-tax related to the exchange of the long-term Asset Management business of FAF Advisors for an equity interest in Nuveen Investments, net securities losses of $14 million, and a $25 million reserve release. The two significant items impacting the first quarter of 2010 are also highlighted on Slide 14, and include a $34 million of security losses and $175 million incremental provision expense. Turning to Slide 15. Net interest income increased year-over-year by $104 million or 4.3%, primarily due to a $25.1 billion or 10.1% increase in average earning assets, and the benefit of strong growth in low-cost deposits. The increase in average earning assets was driven by expected growth in the securities portfolio and a higher cash position of the fed reserve, as well as growth in average loans and loans held for sale.  The net interest margin of 3.69% was lower than the net interest margin in the same quarter of last year, primarily due to the expected increase and lower yield in investment securities as the company brought more liquidity on balance sheet in addition to an exceptional and unexpected growth in deposits, which led to higher than anticipated cash position at the Federal Reserve. On a linked-quarter basis, net interest income was higher by $8 million, the result of a $14.1 billion increase in average earning assets, offset by a 14 basis point decline in net interest margin. The net interest margin was lower than the prior quarter, again, due to the expected growth in lower yielding investment securities and the higher cash position at the fed. Assuming the current rate environment and yield curve, we expect that the net interest margin will decline in the second quarter by amounts similar to the decline we experienced in the last two quarters as we continue to add to our securities portfolio. I would emphasize, however, that the anticipated reduction in net interest margin will continue to be neutral to net interest income and the bottom line as the decline in net interest margin is offset by an increase in average earning assets. Slide 16 provides you with more detail on the change in average total loans outstandings. Average total loans grew by $4.7 billion or 2.4% year-over-year. Excluding acquisitions, average total loans increased by 2.1%. And as you can see from the chart on the left, this increase was principally driven by strong growth in residential mortgages, and a 3% increase in commercial loans, which was the first year-over-year growth in average commercial loans since the second quarter of 2009. Importantly, commercial lending and commitments grew year-over-year. On a linked-quarter basis, the 1.1% increase in average loans outstandings were 0.7%, excluding acquisitions, was driven by increases in commercial, commercial real estate and residential real estate lending, reflecting a continued, modest demand for new loans. Average consumer loans decreased slightly on a linked-quarter basis as the decline in average credit card, home equity and second mortgages and other retail lending were slightly offset by growth in auto leasing and lending, where we continue to experience incremental growth each quarter.  Moving to Slide 17, you can see that the growth in total low-cost core deposits over the last five quarters. Average total deposits grew by $21.8 billion or 11.9% year-over-year. Significantly, low-cost deposits, non-interest bearing, interest checking, money market and savings grew by 15.3%. On a linked-quarter basis, average deposits increased by 7.4%, while average low-cost deposits increased by 6.7%, principally due to corporate trust and the recent acquisition, as well as growth in Wholesale Banking, Commercial Real Estate and the Consumer and Small Business Banking business lines. Slide 18 presents in more detail the changes in non-interest income on a year-over-year and linked-quarter basis. Non-interest income in the first quarter of 2011 was $94 million or 4.9% higher than the first quarter of 2010. This variance was driven by growth in payments in commercial product revenue and a favorable change in net securities losses in the First Community Bank gain. These favorable variance were partially offset by lower deposit service charges, which reflect the legislative and bank developed pricing changes. On a linked-quarter basis, non-interest income was lower by $210 million or 9.5%. This unfavorable variance was primarily the result of seasonally lower payments revenue, a reduction in trust and investment management fees, the net result of the sale of our long-time Asset Management business to Nuveen, partially offset by the December purchase of a Securitization Trust Administration business, and lower Mortgage Banking revenue, which declined by $51 million, primarily due to reduction in application volume, partially offset by a favorable change in the MSR valuation, and an unfavorable change related to a few significant items, which are detailed in the chart at the bottom of Slide 18. Slide 19 highlights non-interest expense, which was higher year-over-year by $178 million or 8.3%. The majority of the increase can be attributed to higher benefits expense due to increase in pension cost and higher staffing levels, higher compensation driven by incentives and commissions, additional staffing for branch expansion and business line initiatives and merit increases, and an increase in professional services, marketing and business development expense on occupancy, primarily related to investments, projects and other business line expansion activities. Slightly offsetting these increases was a reduction in other intangible expense before run-off. On a linked-quarter basis, non-interest expense was lower by $171 million or 6.9% due to lower compensation expense, specifically related to incentives and commissions, seasonally lower professional services and marketing and business development expense, and seasonally lower investments in affordable housing and other tax-advantage projects. Offsetting these favorable variances was an increase in benefits expense attributed to the higher pension cost and a seasonal increase in payroll taxes. Finally, the tax rate on a tax-equivalent basis was 29% in the first quarter of 2011 compared with 27.8% in the fourth quarter of 2010, and 24.2% in the first quarter of 2010. Slide 20 provides updated detail on the company's mortgage purchase related expense, and the reserve for expected losses on repurchases and make-whole payments. Our company's conservative credit and underwriting culture, as well as our very disciplined loan origination processes has resulted in lower mortgage repurchase volumes and expense relative to our peers. Recall that we did not participate in the private placement securitization market. Our company originates conforming loans, about 95% of which are sold to the GSEs. During the current environment, we expect mortgage repurchase activity to remain slightly elevated over the next few quarters before beginning to moderate downward, with quarterly repurchase expense of $50 million to $70 million per quarter. I will now turn the call back to Richard.
Richard Davis: Thanks, Andy. To conclude our formal remarks, I'll turn your attention to Slide 21. Our annual meeting is scheduled for later today in St. Louis, and I look forward to reviewing our 2010 results with our shareholders, and demonstrating how our strong performance over the last year and the last 3 years and finally, the last 5 years, places us at the top of our peer group, and confirms the strength of our company's financial position and diversified business model. More importantly, I will talk about the future and the momentum we've created by continuing to invest through this cycle, including investments in our core branch banking footprint, and in technology to enhance productivity and service, investments in new products and services and in our global presence.  We are well prepared to adapt to the changing legislative, regulatory and economic environment. We are also prepared to lend our voice and our energy to defend reasonable rules and policies that protect the safety and soundness of the banking industry, while protecting the investment of our shareholders. We are now looking forward toward the future. We have a clear focus and a clear mission, and we're ready to embrace the opportunities ahead, opportunities to serve our customers, further improve current processes, deepen our franchise, and build upon our reputation as a trusted provider of financial products and services. U.S. Bank is positioned to continue to perform and to win for our customers, for our employees, our communities and most importantly, for our shareholders. That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Bill and I would be now happy to take questions from our audience.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John McDonald with Sanford Bernstein.
John McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Andy, was wondering if you could just repeat the guidance about the process of moving liquidity onto the balance sheet, the amount of securities that you'll be adding should look similar to this quarter, do you say? And then the impact on the upticks of the net interest margin, could you just repeat that?
Andrew Cecere: Sure, I'd be happy to, John. So let me first re-highlight what occurred in the first quarter. We increased our securities portfolio by about $6 billion as we expected to do and as we talked about last quarter. In addition, as you probably noticed, a tremendous amount of liquidity in the marketplace and our customers, both wholesale and retail, have tremendously increased their deposit balances with U.S. Bank, which resulted in a long cash position of about $7 billion at the fed this quarter. Those 2 things resulted in our decline in net interest margin, about half and half. As we go into the second quarter, I would expect us to continue to build our securities portfolio in the neighborhood of about $5 billion plus or minus, which will impact margin again in that 8 to 10 basis points category. I do not expect a continuation or an increase in the long cash position but at the same time, I don't expect it to moderate much. So going forward, I would expect a decline, low 360, right around 360 range for margin in the second quarter.
Richard Davis: And John, this is Richard. As a reminder, everybody, I appreciate you leading with that question. I think last quarter, we may have confused some folks by talking about the NIM [net interest margin] coming down, but not reminding that the total balance sheet grows. So these activities are neutral, if not, slightly positive to our net interest income, and it's important that you know we're not harming the company's earnings by doing -- taking these actions to improve our liquidity.
John McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Right. We see that, right? We see that in this quarter's result, right, and NII growth.
Andrew Cecere: Yes, we did. And Andy, in spite of the fact that there were 2 fewer days in the first quarter versus the fourth, which costs us about $30 million. So yes, our margin income continues to grow, even though net interest margin rate declines.
John McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Okay. And what would be the duration of this process, Andy, will it extend beyond the second quarter?
Andrew Cecere: The securities purchases, we expect to continue on through the remainder of this year. John, again, as we build on-balance sheet liquidity in conjunction with the LCR [liquidity coverage ratio] ratio.
John McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: So that dynamic, neutral to NII [net interest income], but impacting the optics of the NIM, should continue through the third and fourth quarters?
Andrew Cecere: Correct.
John McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Okay. And could you give us some broader thoughts, it sounds like on the Commercial side, you've got a little bit better loan demand in a way you were on utilization, and just your sense of where we are on the loan growth recovery curve here?
Richard Davis: This is Richard, John. It's still measured slow and slightly positive. But there's nothing remarkable about it. I think we have seen the economy slow a bit in the second half of the first quarter when we last had a chance in the public forum to talk to all of you, things are actually not quite as positive as we thought they would be at the middle of the quarter. You'll recall that in those 6 or 8 weeks since we last talked, a lot has happened. The GDP [gross domestic product] has come down from 3 to 3.5, to more of a forecasted 2 to 2.5, the supply-chain disruptions in Japan, oil prices and just continued confidence not being quiet where it needs to be, hasn't stopped things. It hasn't reversed things, but it hasn't created any additional momentum even with the seasonality included. So what we're seeing is actually our commitments are up 2%, linked quarter, for the Wholesale business, but our usage is still down even 1% from there. So we have people that were continuing to bank, that are ready to use their line, but they're demonstrating that even when they have the availability of credit, they're not using it. And likewise, as we've talked in times before, the first measure of our customers using their confidence to grow and to invest in things would be their use of their own demand deposits, and they're not using those either. As Andy said, we're at record high levels, so we'll see the demand deposits continue to be high until they start to use it, then the line of credit will be used and then eventually, new loan originations will be more robust. So for us, it's slow, steady, measured, slightly positive but not strong by any means. And I do think it's fragile, so it's something we have to watch very closely in the second quarter, while we expect seasonality and all kinds of other normal things to occur, and we'll know that in a couple of weeks whether or not we're off to a decent 2011.
John McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then just a question on capital deployment. You mentioned that your Basel III numbers are already ahead of where you need to be in 2019, yet you've got a conservative approach on the buybacks. Is that a regulatory preference, Richard, or just a U.S. Bank being conservative kind of preference?
Richard Davis: Yes, it's a regulatory preference, because I might actually be more aggressive. The fact is that during the capital assessment plan, as you know, was a pass/fail test, and you didn't really get feedback along the way. So we made it very clear that we aren't going to take any risks to impair our ability to move first and forward with some dividend action and eventually, buybacks. So in our 1-year forward, 2-year forward capital assessment plan for which the first year, they used as the assessment for capital actions, we stayed below the 30%, as you know, forward year, for dividends, and we placed a number in there based on a buffer for capital, and a time for you to pun [ph] which would begin our buybacks. All of which were very conservative, all of which were regulatory driven. Each of which are still positive toward the shareholders, but not where we want it to be eventually, and were left to our own devices, it would've been more aggressive.
John McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Richard Davis: Thanks, John.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Najarian with ISI Group.
Ed Najarian - ISI Group Inc.: Actually, John asked two of my questions, but let me just ask you a little more detail in terms of the securities buying. Can you give us a sense of -- obviously, you're going to end the year with a heck of a lot more investment securities than you started the year, and you're even buying in 4Q as well. How can we get a sense that this is going to be match funded, and we're not going to be taking on more interest rate risk as rates rise with a much larger securities portfolio, is it real short duration? Is it floating? What are you buying? It seems like a lot of it's funded with deposits, which could actually go away if rates start rising. So just trying to get a sense of that a little bit.
Andrew Cecere: Sure, Ed. This is Andy, so it is match funded. We're not taking any additional interest rate risk. One of the ways you'll see that is from our interest rate risk position that we'll publish in the Q every quarter, but I can assure you that we are not taking additional interest rate risk. About half of it's floating. Half of it's fixed. It's a duration less than two years, and we are being very careful about what we're putting on with the intention of not taking additional interest rate risk. And as you mentioned, we will probably end the year of somewhere in the neighborhood of 70 or so in our securities portfolio.
Ed Najarian - ISI Group Inc.: Okay. And no duration extension or anything in a rising rate environment or...
Andrew Cecere: We're staying very short on these purchases just for the purpose that you mentioned, which is to keep it interest rate risk neutral.
Ed Najarian - ISI Group Inc.: Okay. And then I guess just a quick follow-up, I guess, to John's question with respect to the buyback. I mean, it seems like given where your Basel III Tier 1 common ratio is at 7.7%, and with some stock price weakness of late, with all the banks, it would be a great time to be buying the stock. And clearly, even if the Basel standards come in higher than we think or the systemic risk buffer is higher than we think, you guys are building capital very rapidly. So I think, Richard, what you're saying is you feel like your hands are a little tied based on what you ask for and how you ask for it within the capital planning process? Is that what you're saying in terms of the buyback?
Richard Davis: Well, no, we have permission to proceed with the buyback. So my hands aren't tied. My level of amount and speed might have been different. But the fact is, you already mentioned it, we're also waiting for the SIFI buffer, which might be -- for systemically important financial institutions, some number yet to be developed but what I understand, will be known in the next couple of months. That will help inform all of us what -- on top of the 7% we all need to hold, what will be the SIFI buffer. And then U.S. Bank intends to hold the buffer, a small buffer above that just for the vagaries of the denominator in the movement of some of the balance sheet. So that number for us is at this point, a guesstimate in our plan. And with that guesstimate, which we won't disclose, but we will be able to move forward with buybacks, we also are kind of sitting to see where that number comes in to see how well we guesstimated that number. I think in a couple of months, we'll have much more clarity around that, Ed, and we will be able to move forward. I would love very much to take some of that capital that we're building and use for that purpose for as long as we patiently waited to get to this point. I'm not going to take any actions until I have all the final facts, and that's probably just a quarter away, at which point that will be more clear on our timing and our amount.
Ed Najarian - ISI Group Inc.: Okay. But I guess it sort of begs the question, given how fast you're building capital, even if that SIFI buffer is bigger than you suspect and bigger than maybe we're all suspecting, it seems like USB is already pretty forward in the lead, and would be building capital faster. So doesn't seem like you would be required to be at that level right away. You could build into that SIFI buffer, yet the market might be giving you an opportunity to buy back stock at a nice price currently. So just wondering why you're not sort of taking advantage of that.
Richard Davis: Okay, I understand, so the clarity that you may think we have, we don't. So while your argument and your logic make sense, the test was pass/fail. There was no sense of, let me ask you this or can we try that. And so it's not so much waiting for the SIFI buffer. It's the fact that the test was a 1-year test, forward view, all or nothing, in or out. And at this point, that's all the information we have. Now as we have learned more, especially with the SIFI buffer, we'll be going back in, asking for permissions to adjust, perhaps, what we put in the first round, but until which time we have that idea, you're right on all accounts, we're growing capital quite well. We can get to a point where we can set whatever level we want to be at and from that point, we can buy back stock or do other actions, capital actions that will keep it at that number or above. But Ed, as long and patiently as we waited to get to this point, 2.5 years, I want to get it right. I don't want to take any risks, and I don't want to push any levels of test when we haven't been given those permissions. So I don't think we're far off from that. I think it won't change though. We're building capital strongly, and won't change our options and our ability to move quickly, and are prepared to. But I think we're just one step from getting a little more clarification on the final part of the test.
Ed Najarian - ISI Group Inc.: Okay. And then just one last quick one, Andy, if you don't get the kind of deposit growth you anticipate over the next few quarters, will you still be buying a significant amount of additional securities, or is that sort of predicated on the idea that you're going to continue to get this kind of deposit growth?
Andrew Cecere: No, that's two independent events, Ed. We continue to buy securities. Our deposit growth has been phenomenal the last quarter and really, that's led to our long cash position, which is separate and distinct from the security purchase. So we will buy securities, regardless, and our liquidity is sufficient, overly strong, in fact, to accommodate that.
Ed Najarian - ISI Group Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Richard Davis: Sure, Ed.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Kotowski with Oppenheimer & Co.
Christoph Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: I had some of the same questions. But I was wondering about on your Wealth Management disclosure on Page 11 of the services, is that drop in Wealth Management revenues? Is that purely the Nuveen transaction?
Andrew Cecere: It is. Chris, it's 100%, over 100% from the Nuveen transaction with a little bit of core growth, and some addition from the Bank of America Corporate Trust acquisition, but the whole decline is due to Nuveen.
Christoph Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Okay. And then on the slide with the non-performers, 9 in the conference call, do I read that, the FCB acquisition added $287 million to your non-performing base or your decline in the NPAs [non-performing asset] would've been $287 million without it?
Richard Davis: The decline without it was 4.7%. So adding the $287 million then put us up. So we did add $287 million of non-performing assets from the acquisition.
Christoph Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Okay, so that was the add. Okay, and then I guess just in general, can you talk if there's a geographic pattern to the recovery that you're experiencing, or are the trends that we see here in aggregate, are they kind of broadly dispersed through all the geographies that you operate in?
Richard Davis: Yes. I was going to say first and then I'll have Bill answer it. Geography isn't so much noteworthy in this recovery. It's more product type and customer type. Things like add continue to be strong but it depends on whether the consumer products or entertainment and gaming, whether these are companies that are looking for consumer-derived products that start higher up in the food chain. So for us, it's more product type and keeping Commercial Real Estate off to the side, which I'll have Bill talk about. Geography for us, and we're a national company, isn't really very noteworthy, but we are seeing product types. And as you might know, Chris, the strong companies are really showing themselves because they position themselves earlier in this recession to be ready. As a matter of fact, they got themselves ready. They are loan worthy and still in many cases, they're not taking actions because they're still not to that point. So they're ready to move, but they're just on the precipice of having the confidence to do it. So geography is the one thing we don't really see in the evidence, but we see a number of other things that I'll have Bill talk about it.
P. Parker: Yes, I mean, the one area geography is coming into plays on real estate and the coastal regions with the exception on Florida, are stronger. I mean, especially California, the closer to the coast you are, the stronger the markets are, both residential and commercial. Some of the East Coast markets are stronger, too, but that's pretty much limited to the real estate markets as opposed to just sort of general economic activity. And then the one property type that is pretty strong now is the Multi-Family, and I think that's a reflection of how the residential markets are somewhat stalled.
Christoph Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
P. Parker: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG: Just a few clarification questions here. I guess the first is if we look at your credit card spending volumes year-over-year, maybe I missed it, but do you disclose that still?
Richard Davis: We can in terms of same-store sales?
Andrew Cecere: So Matt, our same-store sales numbers, which is a key driver of our merchant or acquire activity, same-store sales were up 4.6% year-over-year here in the first quarter, which is down from the fourth quarter, which was about 5.5%, 5.4%, but up from a year ago, which was just about 3.5%. So we're seeing -- as Richard described, the economy overall, that's what we're seeing in spend, better than last year, but down a bit from the fourth quarter of this year.
Richard Davis: And Matt, I'll say that the same-store sales of that 4.6, a high percentage of that is T&E is up, in quarter 1, by corporate spend, particularly. Retail is up about 3%. So it's a little of in between those two. So we're seeing the companies, particularly airlines and hotels, being the higher percentage of T&E spend in quarter 1. Based on our portfolio, that's what's driving a good percentage of that. And not unlike I said earlier, the second half of the quarter seems to be slowing from what we thought we might be seeing as a trend in the first half. It's not coming to a screeching halt. It's just starting to taper down a bit as people move into quarter 2.
Christoph Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Okay, and then just separately, with credit continuing to improve, unlike other banks, you have not drawn down your loan loss reserves as much. And I'm wondering if there's more drawdown or the pace of drawdown will accelerate the next couple of quarters versus what we saw in the first quarter.
Richard Davis: Well, I'll tell you what, based on what you saw the first quarter, if we continue to see the improvement that we're seeing, we will continue to release reserves at levels probably equal to, if not, slightly higher than you just saw. But as I said, like a year ago, if that's the case, then we just didn't do a very good job going on the way up, because we simply didn't know when this thing would peak and when it would come back down. Let me also say, however, that once we get to a place where credit quality accelerates like a roller coaster does at the end of the fall, this credit quality is going to get to a point that's better than sustainable. I mean when you think about most things that have been originating any risky credits at all on the last couple of years, by the time the current customers are either recovered or gone, our credit quality across the board is going to be excessively positive and it will be here, too. But my point in telling you this is there will be a certain level that we'll set for ourselves no matter what the rule set may be, but our loan loss provisions will remain high enough to account for over the cycle kind of losses not at any one point exactly to the number that you see, because I do not want to have loan loss reserves back down to low unsustainable levels when things get so good. I want to have them available for when we get to the point over the cycle that I think will be more normalized. And we said for this company, that we think it's probably about 1% charge-offs annualized over the long cycle for this company. We're 1.65 right now. So we're still on our way to 1. I think we'll pass through 1, and we'll eventually come back to it. And so later in future quarters, while we'll do some reserve releases, it won't be lockstep exactly with the performance of the portfolio, because that's not going to be sustainable over the long run.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG: And then just lastly, if I may, as we look at the expense growth year-over-year of about 8%, there's obviously some deal impact. I think last quarter, you talked about a 5% to 6% expense growth as kind of a more normal run rate, and is that a fair growth rate year-over-year? And then going forward, is that what you're expecting as well?
Andrew Cecere: Yes. I think, Matt, that is a fair growth rate year-over-year. The other point here in the first quarter versus a year ago, we did have about a $50 million increase in pension expenses reset once a year when we reset our pension assumptions. And that's a factor in the first quarter which would remain more level throughout the year, accounting for payroll taxes and the like.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Foran with Nomura.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: I guess on the outlook for pre-provision earnings growing this year relative to last, that you'd given on the last conference call, I mean, in light of 1Q, generally positive results and your comments about the go-forward deceleration in the economy. Are you more or less confident in the ability to grow pre-provision year-over-year?
Richard Davis: Again, I think what we said Brian was accounting for sort of the significant items, for example, the Nuveen gain, that we are confident, and that hasn't changed.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: And then on -- the other point you had given on last call was revenue recapture from reg reform. The ability to recapture about 50% of lost revenue. There, again, are you kind of more or less confident and maybe what are some of the products, is it mostly just about instilling fees on existing products, or is it more traction with alternative products like prepay cards and checking account advances and the like?
Richard Davis: You just gave me the answers. So yes, it's both. We're going to continue to look at our pricing schemes to make sure that they're fair and that they're market favored. We're going to continue to involve ourselves in some of these more innovative products, both card products and what we'll call mobile banking alternatives. And I think Brian, if anybody has followed us as you have, we're a different company. Now we don't sell 1 product anymore. We don't deal with 1 customer at a time on 1 product at a time. We are much more relationship focused. That's yielding amazing amount of benefits and during the recession, the flight to quality, which we don't use the term loosely, it has brought a number of customers and their entire relationship to our company during this transition. So those are the things, including the pricing and the product development, that give me reasonably that at least 50% of the lost revenue will be accomplished by these new changes. I'll add that this is pre-driven. We don't have it driven yet in our numbers. We've given you the sizing for what that could be. Being as close as anyone is to the activities under Durbin, it's still a 50-50 call, and whether or not we're going to end up having the kind of the severe loss of income that's currently proposed. And if that's the case, then we'll have to go back and evaluate our product sets and exactly how we'll be pricing for, what will now be the debit products that are currently part of our checking products. But unless and until that happens, we're going to wait and see. And we're just a few months away from getting a better sense of that. Because no matter what happens, by the deadline that the fed has in July, we'll know the answer one way or the other. And by the next time we all speak, we'll have a much better clarity on whether the Durbin amendment is a negative or a wait-and-see activity for this company, and we have not decided how we would recover those losses at this point.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with CLSA.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Aside 2 columns, when it relates to loan growth, one, are your negative comment and some positive trend, I'm trying to reconcile the two. So you said the second half, the first quarter was weaker, loan utilization is still kind of flat, and record high corporate deposit means you don't have a lot of loan growth. On the other hand, you had, if I'm doing this correctly, 2.4% linked-quarter growth in commercial loans and also, when I outlook at loan syndication year-over-year, your deal volume has doubled. So is this all market share or market expansion, and none with the economy, or if you can reconcile those two?
Richard Davis: Yes, sure. This is Richard. First, it's not very good, because it's not good enough for us. We really expected ourselves to be growing at that 1.5% to 2%, linked quarter, that we had in quarter 4. So we're just disappointed that we're not keeping at that pace. We're still very pleased that it's positive at all. Let me remind you that when I talk about commercial credit commitments, they're up 2%, but they're not using them. So for me, it's a proxy. If I were an investor I'd say, "Gosh, if these deposits that you guys are growing are proxies for new customers, now these commitments that you're growing, whether they're being used or not, are proxies for future loan usage." That's what I want you to hear, but we don't have anything to show for it right now on the loan balance sheet. And so loan balance sheet growing on a adjusted 0.7 linked-quarter percent, that is wholly insufficient as far as I'm concerned, given the kind of money we have here that we can deploy back in the loan. But we're setting everything up for that moment when people finally decide to pull the string and use their lines of credit or use their own deposits or get a new loan. So intend to tell you that we're quite pleased with our performance against our peers in an environment where I think the overall loan growth is shrinking. I love the fact that we're positioning ourselves for a really good future when all of these starts to come around. But I'm not satisfied that 0.7% adjusted link loan growth is a very good outcome when we have this kind of earnings opportunity sitting under our nose. I will tell you however, there's no temptation, none, to change our underwriting criteria in order to adjust those outcomes, because that will be a mistake that we would live with many, many quarters and years from now. But as I've said before, we will take the permissions with good relationships to be a competitive on price, because we can afford to, and because relationships are easier to be more aggressive in pricing. And we will continue to do that, and that's part of what it means to protect customers and grow market share.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Last quarter, you said you were going a little more out of footprint, can you give us a status of that?
Richard Davis: Yes, as I said, last quarter, I meant for the last year or so, we've been out of footprint. Our commercial real estate is now national. Our Corporate Banking is wholly national, and we're seeing a great deal of benefit from that. Maybe as much in the out of footprint, as we are in the in-footprint, because we've been invited into so many new relationships. I think our branding, our national advertising has brought people to think of us for the first time in the other 25 states. I know that our flight to quality, particularly, at the level of CFO and Controller of large companies has said I need another bank in my stable of partners. I want to bring you in, and see how you perform. So we're getting a lot of growth from new entrants and new relationships, which for us is long-term, very, very valuable because that will be some relationships we can count on that we didn't have a few years ago.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And can I just get a little more color on the syndicated loans? I mean I'm not sure if your logic is a perfect source. But that has your year-over-year syndicated loan volume having doubled, you're not alone. But it would be great to get some more color, how much of the syndicated loan deals translated into higher commercial loan balances?
P. Parker: Probably not a lot in the balances based on what we've seen in utilization. But clearly, we're much more actively involved in that market. We've built out the capital markets capabilities in our bank and with the national corporate strategy, we've been able to bring a much better product set to clients and new prospects. So it's been great for fee income generation, probably less so on loan balance but hopefully, that will come.
Richard Davis: And Mike, the one thing that we love our position as the fifth-largest commercial bank, there's a lot of reasons I love being there. But the one area we have to watch for is that we don't have the balance sheet size that the top 4 do, so we have to be very competitive as it relates to hold levels and syndication. What we have found is if you can get in at a very meaningful level, Tier 1 or Tier 2, with our capital markets capabilities and our other products like our single plan and other capabilities that we have in corporate cards, we've been invited in to other products that the level that Tier 1 typically enjoys. So the perfect spot for us is to be a competitive meaningful partner in a syndication to get the other business and develop a relationship depth that we've never had before we had all these capabilities. So you're right, to see us much more visible on the tables. You'll see our syndication activity much higher. What you can't see yet is how much other business is coming from that, which is what I promised you all based on the investments you permitted us to make in the last couple of years in the Corporate Banking and in the payment space.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And then lastly, and I guess, I'll say the one CEO -- say it very clearly, the second half of the first quarter has gotten weaker. Is that simply you and your firm's macro analysis, or are you seeing something on the ground that's really weaker?
Richard Davis: Well, it's not a whole lot different then. Whatever we showed you today is the same assessment I'm using. So you can look at the same data and disagree. But the only thing you can't see is what I was thinking was in the middle of quarter 1. We saw trajectories in what we thought will be line and loan usage, and what we thought would be in deposit levels starting to be used for growth. And instead, based on our expectations, none of those happened at the same level. Loan and line usage wasn't as robust. Deposit levels were exceptionally higher. People are putting more away than we thought. And as I described at top of the call, I think you'd agree there was some worldwide unprecedented events that all came together in the second half of quarter 1, and I'm not surprised about the reaction by our customers. They're being very careful. They're being very safe, and that doesn't mean they're not going to eventually do it. It just means they're not doing it as fast as we have thought, so it's not gloom and doom. It's just based on our rather positive expectation. They're not quite as positive, but they're measured and they're slow, and they're predictable and for me, they're painlessly slow.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nancy Bush with NAB Research, LLC.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: Two questions here. Richard, could you just talk to us a little bit about the consent order from the fed, to the outside observers, it was a fairly broad brush assessment. And if you could just talk about your own situation, what they found and what you agreed with, or what you see as the deficiencies and what you've done to correct them.
Richard Davis: Thanks, Nancy. I appreciate the question. So the consent order, as you know, was the result of the 14 bank horizontal review last quarter 4. And in their findings, they discovered, what I'll call, a number of technical deficiencies in the way a bank's including -- we performed some of the perfected leans and some of the activities and modifications. I'm happy to report, as I hope you heard in my opening comments, that we were one of the very few, one of only two companies that were not found to be deficient in our resources applied toward modifications and foreclosures, which means we don't have a large staffing number to give you here on this call. In fact, parenthetically, we've added 48 people just to have a better point of contact. So it's not a financial issue for us. What it is though, is a case for us to -- the bar has raised on things like using attorneys and other states for the purpose of pursuing the foreclosure legalities. And in our case, we did not have them through the vendor program, which we actually didn't think we needed to. And so we will now put them through our vendor program and for us, it's going to be mostly formed well over a substance, but where we need to do a better job of documenting our activities, we will. Beyond that, for this company, it's really nothing more than that. As much as I'm respectful of it and we're going to do our level best to be the first out because I think our remedies are quite reasonable. But I will tell you as well that you won't hear us talk about another large amount of money put away for either litigation or for put backs. As Andy mentioned in his part of the call, we'll remind you that 95% of the loans we originate are either, I sensed all, they're Freddie or Fannie or the GSEs. The other 5% either comes through us keeping on balance sheet like some of our jumbo mortgages, or maybe a part of the acquisitions that we brought on, which are fully covered assets. So we don't have a large put back risk for those private securitizations that might be coming back towards us. And likewise, and somewhat connected, we don't have a large litigation. We don't have any litigation right now to speak of, so we have nothing probable or estimable to put in to any kind of reserves. So with 2% of the servicing market, even though we're the sixth largest, we see this as a very important activity to improve the quality of our foreclosure modifications. We actually -- we're not found to have any foreclosure that were incorrect, no fees incorrectly assessed. We simply didn't dot all the Is and crossed all the Ts with the new level of expectation, and we will do that going forward. So for me, it's a very important audit. And it has with it necessary steps for which we've created our special board committee, and we will pursue those with aggression, and we'll do it with respect. But I'm looking forward to getting past it, and I think you'll find very little to come from that finding as it relates to changes in our behaviors and certainly, not changes to our financials. And let me add, we're not part of the 5 companies that are apparently working with the attorneys generals on finalizing what will be the new mortgage foreclosure protocols, nor are we looking at how those final decisions on any kind of a penalty, to what money penalty may be. So we sit and wait, and are watching to see what comes from that, and we don't know exactly how that will affect our company. But assuming and the best or worst case, it's somehow equal to our market share. It's something that we can handle. It'll be a one-time event, and something we can explain to all of you very easily.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: And I have a similar sort of big issue question. I'm sure you're familiar with the Jamie Dimon, Dick Durbin smack down that seems to be going on. And one of Senator Durbin's concerns or statements that I'm sort of sympathetic to is the banks are talking a lot about raising fees. And clearly, in some quarters, this is being seen as a "threat." If you have to recoup Durbin revenues, how are you going to present this to your customers, so that it is not seen that way? There just seems to be a sort of rising public anger about some of this stuff.
Richard Davis: Yes, Nancy, let me give you my sense. I'll add a step in between. Durbin, I think, his intention was good, and his intention was to make sure that customers aren't harmed by paying unnecessary fees of any type for any transaction and point-of-sale. I don't think he's trying to decide whether it was banks or merchants. He just wanted to go back to the consumers. Have the fed, in their first pass, provided an answer that was close to what would have been the cost of doing business for us to cover debit activities, including the stand-in for guarantees and the immediate credit and all the things you know, there will be a discussion here. Durbin's interpretation, as done by the Fed, would have been something we would have probably agreed that was fair and equitable, and we would've moved forward. But at $0.12, to be wholly 25%, 20%, 25% of what the real number is under anybody's measure, that was unexpected. And so I think what we're trying to say as much not to Durbin, as much as we are to the fed and those who will make the final decision, is go back, review all the facts, take the time to figure out what it really costs a bank to provide the kind of immediate credit and the transaction guarantee that occur for both the merchant and the consumer at the point-of-sale, let us give you some feedback on that, you make a final decision. And if after all that, the number is deemed to be whatever, and we think it's fair and equitable, even if it's not exactly the cost of doing business, I think that would change the outcome that we all feel. But should the fed decide to still come forward on July 21 with $0.12 for at least large banks, that will be still wholly insufficient for our shareholders. We're going to have to play that very delicate walk between taking care of our shareholders and taking care of our customers. And I will let our customers know that the cost of providing those guarantees have a value, and it will later show itself up in the form of a service charge or in many cases, customers can offset the service charge by the relationship value that they have in other things. I won't hesitate to make it a -- I won't make it a threat, but I won't make it a secret, and what will be sad about this is there'll be a number of customers on the edges, the less bank that will now become unbanked. And sadly, because of the way the rules are coming down, the unbanked will fall into an area that so far, with all the things that Dodd Frank wanted, silent to any activities of overseeing companies that are not part of the banking industry. So I worry about the unintended consequences, but we're not going to play threat. We're not going to put our customers in the middle of a dogfight. And I have actually quite a bit of confidence that somehow, between the congress and the fed, that $0.12 will be rendered to be a much more reasonable number, and any outcomes that we need to talk about here will be, in fact, invisible, and we'll just move forward.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: Thank you.
Richard Davis: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo Securities.
Matthew Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Just a question on the Commercial lending and maybe, some trends that you're seeing in the Capital Markets business that you've alluded to a little bit earlier today. Middle market loans, in terms of average loan balances, were up quarter-over-quarter, and national corporate was up a little bit quarter-over-quarter from your supplement. I'm just curious if because of your position in some of these larger deals, you are continuing to see momentum in the capital market side of things, taking advantage of being able to bring some of these companies to market.
P. Parker: In terms of debt markets?
Matthew Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Correct.
P. Parker: Yes, well, I mean, we clearly are -- I mean, we, 2 or 3 years ago, we really didn't have much in the way of Capital Market activity. Now we've got a robust syndication desk along with high-grade underwriting platform, so two products that we just really, we're not strong at didn't even exist 2 to 3 years ago. So for our middle market customers, our end market middle market customers, that's a whole new product set that we're delivering. And for our national corporate platform, it gets back to being able to participate at higher levels and up-tiering in these national corporate markets.
Richard Davis: It's Richard. As you might guess, the timing was fortuitous and sometimes, it's good to be lucky than it is smart. But to build this during the down market and to now have companies that are starting to look for growth and eventually, in some cases, M&A activities and more sophisticated solutions, boy, to have it all on and ready to go at this time has been just perfectly suited for us. And as I mentioned earlier, becoming national now and not just being regional, we've invited ourselves in to providing just guidance and in many cases, the guidance alone, the way we've talked to the customers, the way we've connected with the CFOs and the CEOs has changed the way they feel about a bank that can be a partner and in many cases, we won the business just on the audition.
Matthew Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: But in terms of the last couple of quarters, rather than the last 2 or 3 years, are you seeing an improvement in the momentum in that business, or has the market been relatively flat for that type of activity within U.S. Bank?
P. Parker: On the last couple of quarters, we've seen good demand in those spaces.
Richard Davis: But Matt, it's a little hard to tell because we're such a -- our base is so low, in other words, we're just going like crazy. We are adding people. We've got all kinds of new customers. It's a little bit of both. We're seeing the market receptive to this kind. As you see, the corporate bank, the corporate customers are more likely to be healthier and looking for opportunities, Capital Markets solution. But we're also growing like crazy just because we're invited to more conversations. So I'd say it's probably 50-50, half of us and a half of what's the market providing in terms of interest.
Matthew Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Richard, just a quick clarification on your comments in terms of the mortgage market, what's going on with some of the negotiations between the banks and other parties, presuming your comments related to market share were focused on any number of items, but I just want to clarify that your comments particularly related to potential principal reductions on home-equity loans or other mortgages, you think that that's going to be relatively less of an issue for you than for some of the other competitors?
Richard Davis: Matt, I'll tell you what, I don't even know if it's going to be principal reduction. I think that would be a big mistake by the way. That's absolutely, of all of the things to work on, that's not one of them. But let's just say that there's some superfund that's created by the larger banks in order to provide some relief for the foreclosure process, and to help kind of change the future outcome. I believe that we'll be part of that once and when those decisions are made. But at a 2% market share, and even something less than that, as it relates to the percentage of loans that are, for instance, say, foreclosed, I think the number will be -- no matter how big the pool is, I think there'll be a smaller number for us, something that's quite manageable. And for us, you'll see, we simply don't have -- in the DNA [ph] over the last few years, we don't have a lot of customers that were either underwritten or placed into harm based on some of our activities. So I think that the current actions that, as Nancy asked about the foreclosure review, we're all having independent reviews of the last couple of years of our modification or foreclosures. I think they will be deemed to be quite positive and quite good. If there's any remuneration, it will be small and if there's a large fund of money based on our market share and the quality of our findings, I think it will also be reasonable and something that we can isolate as a one-time event, explain it to all of you and move forward.
Matthew Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: We've reached the allotted time for questions. Are there any closing remarks?
Judith Murphy: Yes, thank you, all, for listening to our first quarter 2011 conference call. If you do have any follow-up questions or need hard copies of the call presentation or press release, please give the Investor Relations Department a call. Thank you very much.
Richard Davis: Thanks, everybody.
P. Parker: Thank you.
Andrew Cecere: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's U.S. Bancorp First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-19 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Richard Davis - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Risk Management Committee Andrew Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer P. Parker - Chief Credit Officer and Executive Vice President Judith Murphy - Senior Vice President, Director of Investor Relations and Analyst
Analysts: Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Matthew Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC David George - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated John McDonald - Bernstein Research Christopher Gamaitoni  Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs Edward Najarian - ISI Group Inc. Keith Horowitz - Citigroup Inc Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorp's Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Richard Davis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Cecere, U.S. Bancorp's Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference call over to Judy Murphy, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Judith Murphy: Thank you, Brooke, and good morning to everyone who has joined our call. Richard Davis, Andy Cecere and Bill Parker are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorp's fourth quarter 2010 results and to answer your questions. Richard and Andy will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of the slide presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental analysts' schedules are available on our website at usbank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on Page 2 of today's presentation, in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard Davis: Thank you, Judy, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us.  I'd like to begin on Page 3 of the presentation and point out a few of the highlights from our fourth quarter results. U.S. Bancorp reported net income of $974 million for the fourth quarter of 2010 or $0.49 per diluted common share. Earnings were $0.19 higher than the same quarter of last year and $0.04 higher than the third quarter of 2010. Included in this quarter's results were a few significant items that positively impacted earnings per diluted common share by $0.03. We will discuss them more in detail later on the call. We achieved record total net revenue of $4.7 billion in the fourth quarter. This represented a 7.9% increase over the same quarter of 2009 and a 2.9% increase over the prior quarter.  Total average loans grew year-over-year by 2%, about half of which can be attributed to recent acquisitions. Importantly, for the second quarter in a row, we achieved linked-quarter loan growth as total average loans grew by 1.5% over the third quarter, the majority of which represented organic growth, as this growth occurred despite a slight reduction in wholesale line utilization.  We achieved a strong 9.5% growth year-over-year in average low-cost deposits and 6.4% growth unannualized on a linked-quarter basis. The low-cost categories include noninterest bearing, interest checking, money market and savings accounts, and represent a solid and growing core customer base. As expected, credit quality improved as the net charge-offs and nonperforming assets, excluding covered assets, declined by 5.8% and 6%, respectively, from the third quarter. Further, this improvement supported a reduction in the allowance for credit losses, as the company recorded a provision for credit losses that was $25 million less than the net charge-offs in the fourth quarter. Our company continues to generate significant capital each quarter, and our capital position remains strong with the Tier 1 common and Tier 1 capital ratios increasing to 7.8% and 10.5%, respectively, at December 31. Slide 4 displays our consistent performance metrics over the past five quarters. Return on average assets in the fourth quarter was 1.31%, and return on average common equity was 13.7%. The five-quarter trends of our net interest margin and efficiency ratio are shown in the graph on the right-hand side of Slide 4. This quarter's net interest margin of 3.83% was equal to the net interest margin in the fourth quarter of 2009 and, as we predicted, was lower than the previous quarter's net interest margin of 3.91%. Our fourth quarter efficiency ratio was 52.5%, slightly higher than the prior quarter and above the same quarter of last year. We remain the best among our peers in terms of efficiency, and the increase in this ratio reflects both the ongoing investments and the impact of recent legislative and regulatory actions on revenue and on expense.  Turning to Slide 5. As previously noted, our capital position remained strong and continues to grow. In fact, our Tier 1 common ratio under the Basel III guidelines at December 31 was 7.3%, above the 7% Basel III level required in 2019. We will continue to generate significant capital through earnings each quarter going forward, even if the economy, which is now showing more signs of a recovery, begins to slow.  As I have said before, our company can support a dividend increase for our shareholders while still meeting or exceeding any new capital requirements that may be forthcoming. Increasing the dividend remains the top priority for our management team and the Board of Directors. And, as you know, we are one of 19 large banks that was required to submit a comprehensive capital plan to the Federal Reserve System. We have submitted our plan, and we expect to receive a response in late March. Moving on to Slide 6. Average total loans outstanding increased by $3.9 billion, or 2% year-over-year. As noted on the slide, excluding acquisitions, total average loans grew by 0.9% year-over-year, as the commitment utilization rate of our commercial and corporate borrowers declined from 30% in the fourth quarter of 2009 to 26% in the fourth quarter of last year. The decline in the utilization rate was significant enough to offset much of the new loan origination business we experienced over the past year.  On a linked-quarter basis, however, total average loans increased by 1.5%, as the demand for new loans from credit-worthy borrowers was more than enough to offset a nominal decrease in the average utilization rate on commercial commitments. In fact, we recorded an increase in average commercial loans outstanding quarter-over-quarter. This is the second quarter in a row that we have shown linked-quarter increases, something we hadn't seen since the fourth quarter of 2008. In total, new loan originations, excluding mortgage production, plus new and renewed commitments, totaled approximately $46 billion in the fourth quarter, about $8 billion higher than the previous quarter's total and the highest level recorded since before the fourth quarter of 2008. New lending activity for the full year of 2010, excluding mortgage production, was over $147 billion, approximately 14% higher than 2009. Total average deposits increased by $9.4 billion or 5.2% over the same quarter of last year. As you can see from the slide, a very small portion of that increase came from acquisitions.  Total average deposits also grew by $7.6 billion on a linked-quarter basis, primarily due to the higher corporate trust and institutional deposits as well as growth in the Consumer and Small Business area. On December 30, we acquired approximately $8 billion in deposits related to the acquisition of a securitization trust administration business. This acquisition had a minimal impact on this quarter's average balances, but will have a positive impact on the first quarter of 2011. Turning to Slide 7. The company reported record total net revenue in the fourth quarter of $4.7 billion. The increase in revenue year-over-year was driven by earning asset growth, strength in our fee-based businesses, organic growth initiatives and acquisitions, muted somewhat by the impact of recent legislative actions.  Turning to Slide 8 and credit quality. Fourth quarter total net charge-offs of $937 million were 5.8% lower than the third quarter of 2010. Nonperforming asset, excluding covered assets, decreased by $212 million or 6%. As you can see from the graphs, this represents the third consecutive quarter of declining net charge-offs and nonperforming assets, giving us further confidence that these trends will continue. On Slide 9, the graph on the left shows continue improvement in late-stage delinquencies, excluding covered assets, in the fourth quarter and a slight increase in early stage delinquencies, primarily driven by commercial real estate loans, a category that continues to be under stress.  On the right-hand side of Slide 9, the continuing favorable trend in criticized assets again gives us further indication that we have reached the inflection point in credit quality. Accordingly, we expect the level of both net charge-offs and nonperforming assets, excluding covered assets, to trend lower in the first quarter of 2011. Turning to Slide 10. You can see that for the first time since this credit cycle began, we recorded a provision for credit losses less than the total net charge-offs. Specifically, we released $25 million of reserves. Comparatively, the provision for credit losses equaled net charge-offs in the third quarter, while an incremental provision equal to approximately 25% of net charge-offs was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2009. The reserve release was primarily driven by improvement in credit quality of the commercial and retail loan portfolios. I will now turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks, Richard. I'll take a few minutes to provide you with more details about the results.  I turn your attention to Slide 11, which gives a full view of the fourth quarter of 2010 results compared to those recorded in the third quarter of 2010 and the fourth quarter of 2009. Earnings per diluted common share were $0.49 for the fourth quarter of 2010, $0.04 higher than the prior quarter and $0.19 higher than the fourth quarter of 2009. The key drivers of the company's fourth quarter results are detailed on Slide 12.  The $372 million or 61.8% increase in net income year-over-year was primarily the result of a 7.9% increase in net revenue and a $476 million decrease in the provision for credit losses, which included the $303 million favorable change in excess provision expense. These favorable changes in total net revenue and the provision were partially offset by 11.5% increase in non-interest expense year-over-year.  Net income was $66 million or 7.3% higher on a linked-quarter basis. A 2.9% growth in total net revenue and a favorable variance of $83 million in the provision for loan losses more than offset the 4.2% increase in non-interest expense quarter-over-quarter. A summary of the significant items that impact the comparison of our fourth quarter results to prior periods are detailed on Slide 13. The significant items called out for the fourth quarter of 2010 were a $103 million gain equal to $41 million after-tax related to the exchange of the long-term Asset Management business of FAF Advisors for an equity interest in Nuveen Investments, net securities losses of $40 million and a $25 million reserve release. The two significant items impacting the fourth quarter of 2009 are also highlighted on Slide 13, and include $158 million of security losses and a $278 million incremental provision expense.  Turning to Slide 14. Net interest income decreased year-over-year by $139 million or 5.9% due to a $14.5 billion increase in average earning assets. The increase in average earning assets was driven by growth in the securities portfolio, loans held for sale, loans and acquisitions. The net interest margin of 3.83% was equal to the net interest margin of the fourth quarter of 2009, primarily due to lower funding costs, offset by growth in lower-yielding assets, particularly residential mortgages and investment securities, as we build our balance sheet liquidity and the impact of CARD Act. On a linked-quarter basis, net interest income was higher by $22 million, the result of a $7.9 billion increase in average earning assets, offset by an eight basis point decline in net interest margin. The net interest margin was lower than the prior quarter due to the growth in lower-yielding assets and the impact of CARD Act.  Assuming the current rate environment and yield curve, we expect the net interest margin will decline in the first quarter by an amount similar to the decline we experienced between the third and fourth quarters as we continue to add to our securities portfolio. Slide 15 provides you with more detail on the change in average total loans outstanding. Average total loans grew by $3.9 billion or 2% year-over-year. Excluding acquisitions, average total loans increased by 0.9%. And as you can see from the chart on the left, this increase was principally driven by a 15.8% increase in residential mortgages, partially offset by a 4.5% year-over-year decline in average commercial loans outstanding.  As Richard pointed out, the reduction in wholesale lending year-over-year is primarily due to the lower commitment utilization by our commercial customers, which has declined from 30% in the fourth quarter of 2009 to 26% in the current quarter, representing a decrease of approximately $2.7 billion of outstandings.  On a linked-quarter basis, the 1.5% increase in average loans outstanding was driven by increases in all major loan categories, as the demand for credit from both our new and existing business and consumer customers continues to trend higher.  Moving to Slide 16. You can see the growth to total low-cost core deposits over the past five quarters. Average total deposits grew by $9.5 billion or 5.2% year-over-year. Significantly, low-cost core deposits, non-interest bearing, interest checking money market and savings grew by 9.5%. On a linked-quarter basis, average deposits increased by 4.2%, while average low-cost deposits increased by 6.4%, principally due to corporate trust and broker/dealer activity as well as growth in Consumer and Small Business Banking business line. Slide 17 represent in more detail of the changes in noninterest income on a year-over-year and linked-quarter basis. Non-interest income in the fourth quarter of 2010 was $206 million or 10.2% higher than the fourth quarter of 2009. This variance was driven by growth in payments, commercial products and mortgage banking revenue and the positive change in net securities losses as well as the FAF-Nuveen transaction gain. These favorable variances were partially offset by lower deposit service charges, which reflected the legislative and bank-developed pricing changes.  On a linked-quarter basis, non-interest income was higher by $112 million or 5.3%. This positive variance was primarily the result of higher trust and investment management fees, commercial product fees, payments-related revenue and other income, which was higher principally due to the FAF-Nuveen Gain on sale and again on the company's investment in Visa Inc. Offsetting these positive variances were mortgage banking revenue, which declined by $60 million primarily due to a reduction in application volume and lower deposit service charges reflecting the impact of legislative changes.  As we have discussed in the past, legislative changes have and will continue to impact revenue going forward. We have estimated that the impact of Reg E, along with the bank-initiated pricing and policy changes on our deposit charge service revenue, without mitigating actions, would be approximately $440 million to $480 million on a full run rate basis. The German amendment and the recently issued guidelines for debit card interchange group proposed by the Federal Reserve will also have an impact on our revenue going forward. Our company's debit and prepaid card interchange revenue in 2010 was approximately $515 million. The proposed changes to debit card interchange, as they currently stand, will reduce that revenue by approximately 75% beginning in the second half of 2011. We estimate that in 2011 and 2012, our company will recapture approximately half of the revenue loss from the changes in both demand deposit service charges and debit interchange through product feature and pricing changes. Slide 18 highlights non-interest expense, which was higher year-over-year by $257 million or 11.5%. The majority of the increase can be attributed to higher compensation and benefits driven by incentives and commissions, additional staffing for branch expansion and business line initiatives, as well as merit increases. An increase in professional service expense and technology and communication expense related to investment product and projects and acquisitions, which accounted for approximately $25 million of the increase.  On a linked-quarter basis, non-interest expense was higher by $100 million or 4.2% due to an increase in compensation related to additional staffing and commissions; higher professional services expense related to technology projects and some seasonality; and seasonally higher investments in affordable housing and other tax-advantaged projects. Finally, the tax rate on a taxable equivalent basis was 27.8% in the fourth quarter of 2010, compared with 25.9% in the third quarter of 2010 and 20.8% in the fourth quarter of 2009. Slide 19 provides updated detail on the company's mortgage repurchase-related expense and reserve for expected losses on repurchases and make-whole payments.  Our company's conservative credit and underwriting culture, as well as our very disciplined loan origination process has resulted in a lower mortgage origination repurchase volumes and expense relative to our peers. Given the current environment, we expect mortgage repurchase activity to remain slightly elevated over the next few quarters before beginning to moderate downward, with quarterly repurchase expense of $50 million to $70 million per quarter. Before leaving the mortgage topic, Id like to turn to Slide 20 and review U.S. Bank's role as trustee for residential mortgage-backed securities. We are one of the largest Corporate Trustees in the U.S, so our name has and will continue to come up in news reports regarding foreclosures on mortgages held and securitizations, for which we are the appointed trustee. As trustee, U.S. Bank is not the originator, owner or servicer of these loans nor is it the sponsor or depositor for the securitization trust. Our role is to follow very specific administrative duties as outlined in the documents that establish the trust. As trustee, U.S. Bank does not have a role in the servicing of the mortgages that are used as collateral in the trust. As trustee, we do not select the servicer of the mortgages or have a role in the actions the servicer takes in the foreclosure process. We do not hire or direct the lawyers to bring foreclosure disputes to court. Further, as trustee and/or custodian, we do not have responsibility for determining the validity or enforceability of the underlying mortgage documents. We are named in these suits simply because we hold the security interest in mortgage in our name as trustee for the securitization trust. It is important for all of our constituents to know that the actions of the servicers and the courts decisions have no financial impact on our company, nor do they imply that we have, in any way, not fulfilled our responsibilities as trustee. However, these incorrect portrayals of our roles or responsibilities as a corporate trustee create reputation risk, and we are fully prepared to defend the accuracy of our actions and to educate the media about the role of corporate trust custodians and trustees.  I will now turn the call back to Richard.
Richard Davis: Thanks, Andy. To conclude our formal remarks, I'll turn your attention to Slide 21.  2010 was a year filled with challenges for all of us in the banking industry. The industry faced and has yet to fully absorb unprecedented legislative and regulatory changes; an uncertain and slow-to-recover economy; and the need to regain the public's confidence and trust. Despite this environment, U.S. Bank's performance this quarter and in 2010 was strong. For U.S. Bank, it was a year filled with opportunities; opportunities to acquire new customers, to improve our processes, to expand our franchise and to build upon a reputation as a trusted provider of financial products and services. We are larger and stronger than we were at the beginning of the year and at the beginning of this cycle. We are well prepared to adapt to the changing legislative, regulatory and economic environment. We have a strong foundation in place. We have a proven track record of success. We have launched many new initiatives and made the strategic investments necessary to provide our customers of the highest-quality experience and to maintain our highly engaged employee base. U.S. Bancorp is positioned to win and perform for the benefit of our customers, our employees, our communities and importantly, for our shareholders. That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Bill Parker and I would now be happy to answer questions from the audience.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Basic question around the balance sheet and moving the balance sheet into a little bit more of an efficient set of earning assets, getting the loan growth. Have you outlined significant increase in commitments? Could you just talk through how you are hoping to change those commitments into lines? Because in the slow industry environment, that seems like what you need in order to get to NIM up a little bit?
Andrew Cecere: This is Richard. I don't know that we know how to incentivize people to draw in their line except the first and most important step is to get them to line. So I think in the order of things, I'm not surprised that people are either husbanding deposits or getting credit lines for their options that they're going to need as things start to change. And you're seeing some of the larger corporations now moving into more M&A and acquisition space. So I think it makes sense to me that the commitments are moving up. I'm looking forward to the day that the usage will move up. And as you heard us say, it's at record lows now in the wholesale side down to -- actually, just slightly below 26%. But that's the -- I think that in order of things, if we just keep becoming more important to more of our customers and be invited to more of these credit positions that we're now seeing and hold the open-to-buy larger and larger, eventually, based on the needs of our customers, I think we'll benefit from having seen the usage go up. That will just be a bonus when part of it starts to happen. And the fact that we're still growing with -- that going the other direction, I think, reflects the fact we are getting some of the market share growth.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Could you just give us a sense of how typical it is to have an increase in commitments as a borrower? Have an increase in commitments but not take action on those commitments over the course of a year's timeframe?
Richard Davis: Yes. So first of all, it's kind of like the, it's the corollary to just holding more deposits, right? So if you're just composite-rich and you see that now, that one is just holding onto their balance sheet for -- their options and their choices, even if it's not efficient for them to do that. If, in fact, they want to have an additional level of safety and comfort, they'll take an extension line of credit, which they'll pay for. The issue is, as and over the course of time, it becomes more expensive to hold an unused line of credit. That might be the next thing we'll see where people start to use it because they've got to get value for it, or they'll stop having either the need or pay for the cost of having the abundance of caution by having the open-to-buy, which they may never use. Now, Bill, I've gone as far as I can in terms of behaviors. You want to add it up in the credit card?
P. Parker: Yes, I think coming through this recession, people are looking to have a fortress balance sheet. So they're very interested in having sources of capital for when the economy really begins to move.
Richard Davis: I'll add one more thing. We also track the percentage of customers who haven't -- don't use it at all, zero usage. And that's just shy of 50%, which is also a record high as usage of 20% is record low. So there are at least half of our customers that are using our balance sheet as an alternative option without having any use of that line.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: It's just interesting, because clearly drawing or having more commitments during the stress period of the cycle made a lot of sense at this stage. I'm wondering if it's any indication of interest by your customers to actually begin to invest with some of the tax policies that went through recently in accelerated depreciation. Did that spark any incremental commitment generation?
Andrew Cecere: Betsy, this is Andy. I think it's as Bill described. There is signs of a recovery. Companies are preparing for further investment and taking out lines, and having that ready and available is one of those actions for preparedness.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Najarian with ISI Group.
Edward Najarian - ISI Group Inc.: A question with respect to growing the securities portfolio. So you grew it on an average basis by about $2 billion this quarter and indicated you're going to continue to grow it in the first quarter. So I guess two questions: Number one, maybe you could provide us a sense of how much you expect to grow the securities portfolio looking out, maybe in 2011? And then secondarily, what types of securities are you buying in terms of a type and duration? And can you give us a sense of how you're managing that interest rate risk?
Richard Davis: Ed, I'm going to give that to Andy. This is Richard. But let me talk about motivation first. Some of our most important actions as management is to protect the shareholders. And in doing so, we were very careful of the cycle not to introduce more capital than the company needed and to not balloon the balance sheet any more than we needed to. And in both cases, we're trying to be as precise as we can by not overreaching. In capital, I think you'd agree we have a sufficiently strong capital base and a great quarterly growth of capital. On the liquidity side, as we start looking at the capital assessments and the requirements being placed on us, we wanted to respond to what needed to be a higher more liquid balance sheet on balance sheet. And yet, not having done it ahead of time and wishing we had. So you're watching us now move back into a more kind of the median space of banks that have appropriate liquidity at their beckoned call and what Andy and I are doing now is starting to build that up as carefully and slowly over the course of time, and still waiting for more guidance so that we don't overreach and have an excessively large balance sheet like we didn't want to do with capital. So you're seeing that process, and it is a journey and it is going to be a 2011 event. And now, let me give it Andy to answer the specific questions you gave.
Andrew Cecere: Sure. So Ed, first let me tell you, our liquidity has never been stronger. We have tremendous loan borrowing capacity. And what we're doing is to put some of that loan borrowing capacity on the balance sheet to meet some of the requirements of liquidity coverage ratio. So that's why we're doing this. Further, I will tell you that the assets that we're putting on the balance sheet are partly Ginnie Mae Securities and partly Treasury securities. So they have zero impact to risk-weighted assets. I will also tell you they have zero or very close to zero impact to net interest income. What they will do, however, is lower the margin a bit, and that's what you saw this quarter and you'll see next quarter. We would expect to add a few $3 billion to $5 billion of securities per quarter this year to again meet some of the requirements in the liquidity coverage ratio. But again, I'll highlight no impact to net interest income and no impact to risk-weighted assets.
Edward Najarian - ISI Group Inc.: So in that regard, you would say they're pretty well match funded with longer duration liabilities, and that's why they're not really providing much incremental NII?
Andrew Cecere: That's correct. We're putting those on in an interest rate-neutral sense, not increasing nor decreasing our sensible liquidity position.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets.
Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: A question for you, Andy. Your comment on the potential to recapture half of the lost revenue on Durbin and Reg E. Did I hear that correctly?
Andrew Cecere: That's correct.
Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Can you talk a little bit about what you're planning to do in that regard and how maybe your philosophy on Retail Banking would have changed a bit as this has all come through?
Andrew Cecere: I'll start, then I'll hand it to Richard. First of all, let me be clear that remember, our Reg E legislative changes and pricing impacts are in the neighborhood of $450 million. And our impact to the Durbin, as currently highlighted, would be about 75% of revenue, so just over $400 million. So out of the combination of both of those, we would expect to recapture approximately half through a combination of a number of action plans, including changes to our checking, account pricing, changes to our merchant pricing, changes to our debit interchange, reduction in rewards, perhaps a fee. We have a number of action items in place that will do that, and we'll be introducing those throughout 2011 to offset some of the impacts we talked about.
Richard Davis: So John, let me add to that. It's Richard. First of all, I said up until the last call that we will be a laggard in taking action, the kind that Andy mentioned, because of our strong position and because we wanted to watch and see what happens to the marketplace. I'm going to update that and tell you we're not going to be a late follower anymore. We're going to be right in the game. And I'll tell you why. The decision by the Fed to respond to the Congress' question that was asked of them for the Durbin amendment at 12 basis points maximum is so sufficiently and absolutely below the cost of doing business, we no longer have the luxury of waiting, not for our shareholders anyway. Just so you know, I think U.S. bank, Elavon, is probably the low-cost provider in that whole space and we can talk about that another time. But for us, it's anywhere from 40 to 50 basis points for those transactions, which includes improving the transaction of the card, embossing the card, sending the card, managing the relationship, paying for their fraud, all of those things, all of which, by the way, were not part of the question that the Congress asked the Fed to answer. So I take a sidebar here. Many of us in the industry are going to be going back, working with the Congress to explain to them what the unintended consequences will be of this decision. But also we're going to go back and ask them to ask a better question. I think the Fed did a great job of asking the question they were asked, but the question was wrong and it was incomplete, and that's why you have this disconnect between getting recaptured at least the cost of doing business. All of that said means that we, as a bank, will no longer lag. We will see sometime in the early or middle part of this year our own actions and making sure that we have fair pricing for checking products, which are part of what debit includes. We'll be working behind the scenes to see if we can get a better answer out of both the Congress and the Fed. And to answer your most important question, the long-term ramifications of branch banking are now in question. We're not closing any branches. We have over 3,000. We are the most likely purveyor of non-traditional branches in the industry now with about 1,000 of those 3,000 in corporate sites, universities, airports and grocery stores. Those are definitely going to make more sense now than they ever did based on their cost of operation. But a more traditional brick-and-mortar branch on the corner of a very expensive parcel of a shopping center that's not being built anymore, those are going to be rethought as we evaluate really what is the breakeven of a branch when it's not just a deposit-gatherer and a loan-maker, but it's also a fee-provider and I think that is the question that the industry should stop and pause to evaluate. And we won't have those answers until later this year when we see both what the competition does and what our consumers are willing to accept as a price to have a checking account, a debit card or some of the ancillary products that go along with it.
Keith Horowitz - Citigroup Inc: Just one follow up from a competitive point of view. Does it make you nervous at all to be in the middle of the pack? Or do you expect competitors to really react in a similar fashion as you're talking?
Richard Davis: Yes, I don't think, in the scheme of things, there won't be a middle of the pack. It's all going to happen this year. And I don't think a few months doesn't matter. What we'll all learn is what each other is doing, we'll watch our own customers' tolerance. I was actually hoping that we would have a couple of quarters to watch everybody else's actions and learn from them on the other side to see if it was sending business our way or to see what their tolerance was. I no longer want to take that luxury, because I think that's now taking risk. But we'll be right in the game. We won't be behind or below. What you'll see is banks coming up with different ways of characterizing the cost of a checking account, all of which will be slightly different variants, but they will at the end of the day be -- debit card is no longer a free product. There will no longer be rewards to speak of, because it's certainly a loss leader. And debit belongs to checking, so checking will now need to have some level of cost recovery to provide the service that we all have been providing for years. So I think the paradigm will change quickly and it will be this year. And I don't think there will be many behind or ahead because it's just something won't be that long of a window.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David George with Baird.
David George - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: A follow-up on the margin commentary and your comments toward the first quarter margin. How much of the eight basis point decline is kind of the remixing of the balance sheet towards resi mortgage and a little bit more securities? And how much is just strict kind of loan-price competition? Because if you look at both commercial and retail yield or on a loan side are under a little bit of pressure sequentially. So just trying to get a sense as to price competition, what's happening in the market and how are loan spreads today versus, say, three, six and nine months ago?
Andrew Cecere: David, this is Andy. I would say the great majority of that decline is due to the securities component of what we talked about. While loan spreads are not as strong as they were perhaps six months ago, they are still significantly stronger than they were two years ago. And we're seeing some moderation in those loan spreads and new originations, but not a significant level. So I would say the great majority is due to securities portfolio addition.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John McDonald with Sanford Bernstein.
John McDonald - Bernstein Research: One quick follow-up on the margin to David's question. So Andy, understanding that the securities purchases will not have an effect on NII. Just on the margin uptick, if you're buying $3 billion to $5 billion or so per quarter, will that continue to have each quarter, that effect on the margin sequentially in the second and third quarter?
Andrew Cecere: Yes, John, it will, in the neighborhood of five to eight basis points a quarter.
John McDonald - Bernstein Research: Richard, question on the capital management. Just on the dividend amount, can you just remind us would you like to move right up to a 30% type payout ratio on the dividend? And what's your sense of the higher bar that the Fed might require for payouts higher than 30%? And then just between buybacks and dividends, is the old 80% payout still a reasonable target for you guys on kind of total capital management?
Richard Davis: First of all, I just want out the gate. This is me sitting in the pit, being held waiting and waiting, and I want to get back on the track. So we're going to stay below the 30%, not very far, but we leave ourselves room because there's also the cost of the preferred dividends and some other things. So our goal is to be somewhere in that 25% to 30% range and expecting that, that will meet with the favor of the Fed, because we don't want to push any limits or envelopes. There's just no reason to, just let us move forward. And so I think that's more likely what most other companies should do. And we've got no guidance on what would be required to go over 30%. And this management team isn't going to test those limits. Secondly, as 80% was an old phraseology we used that 75% to 80% of our returns would be given back to shareholders in the form of dividends and in buybacks, and that is still accurate. As you know, we won't get there right away because of the limitation that we just spoke of as part and in the buybacks, of course, we'll have some equally limited expectation, I think, as people slowly recover and get back to something normal. But whatever normal is, you can expect us to be back to the same normal of returning 75% to 80% of what we make to the shareholders, leaving the rest to us to reinvest and to grow the company.
John McDonald - Bernstein Research: And maybe you or Bill could share some thoughts even at a high level on the credit improvement cycle and what you think you might see in terms of the pace of improvement, at least relative between various loan categories.
P. Parker: Yes, on the commercial. So excluding commercial real estate, but the general commercial corporate doing very strong, seeing continued improvement across the board there. Commercial real estate, I just have to characterize, is still extremely stressed. I think it will remain extremely stressed for another 12 to 18 months. There has been a little sign of life in multifamily product, medical office product. So there is some demand out there. But obviously, residential construction is not coming back anytime soon. On the Consumer side, other than residential mortgages, the consumer performance continues to get better. And so as long as unemployment improves slightly or at least stays stable, that's good news for the company.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo Securities.
Matthew Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Just a couple of quick questions. In terms of the very solid loan growth that you show, not only on a year-over-year basis but what appears to be maybe a slight acceleration of loan growth in fourth quarter, is there a specific geography where that's occurring? Or is that occurring largely on roughly an equal basis across the franchise?
Richard Davis: So Matt, that's your first question. I'll stop there. It's across the board, and it's partly because we've added our number of people doing loans, making loans across the board. All parts of our business we've been investing for the last couple of years, and I know that's kind of a hollow promise to all of you when there was nothing to show for it, but it's starting to show up now. From the very top and large corporate, we're invited now to participate in a number of new syndicated deals and/or lead a certain number of deals which we didn't lead before, all the way down to small business and having literally added 50% more Small Business originators in the last year and a half, at a time that's just perfectly positioned for us to go after the strengthening Small Business. I'll also say that the loan growth is coming across more area than it did a few quarters ago. Two quarters ago, I would have told you that corporate customers, large corporate were the strongest. They had already done their good work of restructuring their balance sheet and their earnings based on the recovery of the recessions linked. They had capital markets alternatives, and we saw them first. Last quarter I would have brought in, and I did bring in, middle-market is starting to show some signs of strength. And the fact is that they don't have the Capital Market as often, so banks reaping the benefit of that. Now I'll explain it and say that middle-market, across from large cities to community, as well as Small Business from the SBA to the small-ticket leasing to just traditional C&I small business are all showing equally strengthening capability and making themselves more worthwhile for a bank to make loans too. So it's not just across the types of loans or geography, it's also because we have more people in all of those places receiving stronger customers.
Matthew Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And then a quick follow-up on the mortgage banking trends. I'm presuming, given the relatively strong growth in the mortgage banking revenues -- or quarter-over-quarter, they were relatively weak despite solid growth in the origination volume. Should we expect continued declines into the first quarter in mortgage banking?
Richard Davis: Right. So Matt, this is Andy. As you know, what drives the mortgage revenue is net application volume, and net application volume is actually down on a linked-quarter basis in the neighborhood of 30%. We would expect that to continue to trend down moderately to the first and second quarter of 2011.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: But you still stand by your earlier statement that you think you're taking market share in that specific business?
Andrew Cecere: We are. Absolutely. What drove application volume down for us, as all of our competitors, was a high rate scenario or a high rate environment in that month of December. So that still is the case.
Richard Davis: And seasonality too. This is the time of the year where the originations are slow. But I think you'll see on a relative basis, we'll continue to keep it nice and are growing market position.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess my first question is on the underlying expense growth. You've done a good job at stripping out some of the revenue items. But I think on the expenses, the growth was being distorted from both acquisitions, some of the tax credits. I'm just trying to get a sense of maybe what a more normal run rate is or what the run rate has been versus the, I recall, 11%, 12% year-over-year on a reported basis?
Andrew Cecere: Right, Matt, you're absolutely right. The fourth quarter seasonally is higher and also has the impact of the tax credit amortization being significantly higher than any other quarter of the year. I would say on a normal run rate basis, our expense growth is more in the neighborhood of 5% to 6%.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG: And as you look into next year, I can appreciate there is some regulatory headwinds. But do you think you'll be able to start exceeding some of the expense growth? And I guess what I'm getting at is there's been lot of investment in the business. I think it's very clear from some of the metrics that you are getting share in a number of areas. But at some point, when you see it filter down on the revenue and obviously the operating leverage, I'm just trying to get a sense of when we might start seeing that a little more transparent?
Richard Davis: Yes. And Matt, I think that's a 2012 moment in time, even 2011. We peaked in 2010. Just looking at this year, we peaked in our capital investments. We peaked in what will be the cumulative depreciation effect of all of these investments we've made in the last few years. I think you know we have a lot of catch-up to do from everything from just basic technology to customer research and data, to things like mobile banking and things. We've invested in all of those things, they're all coming to fruition this year. And the cost of them will start to be cumulative in 2011, because we're not having those large investments ahead of us that will start to trend back down. So that's actually a fairly big part of our expense delta. And certainly, what's taking us from where we used to be years ago to where we are today. But I also expect, at the same time, this remuneration that we'll figure out on how to offset some of the headwinds of legislative. We're at the worse moment right now as we could be. Everything's been levied against us. We haven't had time or the ability to solve all of that in some other forms of fees and charges. So I think that will also help. And then finally, this year, just so you know, the bank in 2010 performed much better than we thought it would, not just on loan losses, and by loan provision, but overall, we exceeded virtually every performance metric that we had expected in an awfully difficult year. As part of that, the incentive plans for the nearly 20,000 of employees who get paid on an annual basis of the company and their own line of business, those incentives are higher than they've been in the last two years. So there's a meaningful difference in 2010 for incentive compensation for the people who work on the front line for having done a very good job, and much significantly higher than it was in 2009 and even higher than it was in 2008. So if we continue to do well, that will in there, but we'll also have the offsets, like we had this year. If not, then the incentive compensation will come back down, and that will be a muting effect. So we don't mean to be anything less transparent about our expenses than we are on revenue, so I'm glad for the question. But I think Andy said it best, 5% and 6% over the long-term. And you can count us to be in the low-50% efficiency. I promise you it was never a target, but it kind of is now. Because you need to know, we're not headed to 52.5% on our way to 55%. But I also must tell you, we're not headed to 52% back down to 48%. We're probably going to be right around that 50% to low 50s. It seems to be the right place for us to have enough to invest and keep investing in new revenue so we can start being received by you guys as a revenue company with expense controls as opposed to expense company with flat revenue.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG: We've seen a couple of acquisitions out there priced probably a little bit higher than what many people would have expected. And I guess just how you think about acquisition opportunities within the traditional bank space going forward, opportunities for your company and what pricing might look like and some of markets you're interested in.
Richard Davis: Yes, so opportunity is a good word. Because I've said it before, we won't let an opportunity be missed. If there is a good deal out there at the right price, we will be part of that. And if we get it, we'll be satisfied, and you won't be writing about how we overpaid. That's a fact. On the other hand, if we don't get a deal because we needed to overpay to get it, then I hope you'll appreciate that discipline, because we don't anything as an acquisition to make this company stronger and better because we're on our way to that just doing what we're doing. So having said that, we'll look for opportunities and all spaces, including traditional bank spaces. I think there will be some. We will be in those. We'll be looking at them. We'll price them to be exactly right for ourselves, but we will not get greedy and try to price them if we think we're in a pricing war just to win one, because that would be a mistake that this management team is not going to make. And I'd rather you were disappointed we didn't win something than to be disappointed than we won it at the wrong price. But we won't hesitate to look. It's just not a core strategy. M&A doesn't change our future. It just has to be a deal that makes it stronger than it was without it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Miller with FBR Capital Markets.
Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Your cash went up almost $10 billion followed mainly driven I guess because your deposits were up so strong. Is there a point that you're growing your deposits too fast to put it to work effectively?
Andrew Cecere: You've highlighted a good point, Paul. What happened there was, towards the last few days of December, we closed on our Corporate Trust acquisition and in conjunction with that, we had about $8 billion of deposits come in the house immediately. And what that will do for us is allow us to continue to build out the left-hand side of the balance sheet in terms of both our securities portfolio and our loans, but it's purely timing. So it was a phenomenon of the year end and will be rectified in the first quarter.
Richard Davis: It's a broader question, Paul. We're not at a point yet where we think that we are so deposit-rich that we cannot afford to go after and grow our loan book. I mean it's quite the opposite. I welcome all of the loan growth we can. I'm expecting it not only because we're doing well, but as to my first question to Betsy, I think when the economy turns and those lines of credit start to get used, we'll be really glad we're core deposit-funded. And we just don't see a scenario where we have a circumstance where we're worried about the balance sheet getting out of balance because deposits are too fast or too strong. That will be, I think, -- the bank with the strongest core deposits going into the recovery will be the strongest bank, period.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Foran with Nomura.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs: I guess I put everything you said together for both you and the industry. I mean, is it fair to say pre-provision earnings growth is going to be difficult, maybe impossible in 2011 just given all of the confluence of regulatory reform and higher expenses and asset yields resetting down, and to the extent there's earnings growth that's going to be credit-driven and then 2012 is the year where hopefully we get the handoff back from credit driven to pre-provision driven?
Richard Davis: Brian, no. That's an absolutely no. That's not what I meant at all. It might be more of an industry byline. But for us, PPI, pre-provision is going to grow, it has been growing. We're going to expect probably significantly less credit reserve recapture than you guys do. If it happens, it will happen because amass there, not because we're going to try to curry favor with higher numbers. It will just happen because our credit quality just keeps getting better. But PPI, God, we expect that to grow quite a bit this year. Our balance sheet will grow. Our margins may shrink but as Andy said, it's not a function of losing money. So we'll still have the loan growth, the good spreads growing deposit growth of core levels is a great core funding. Our fees are going to be quite strong because we're a lot more than just a retail bank. We've got a lot of payments and a lot of corporate trust, and wholesale new businesses and wholesale bank that are generating fees. So I'm quite involved in it. We are going to -- I want you to think about this as one of the most close to normal operating companies separate to finality of the last of credit quality getting better, of any bank you follow and I think PPI for us will be the way that will determine whether or not we're the real deal. And it has to be this year. It can't be 2012.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs: And just to be clear, pre-pre grows even when you factor in Durbin in the back half of the year?
Richard Davis: It does.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs: And then a follow-up. You've talked a little bit about the Brazil and India payments JVs in the past. I guess, for those of us who don't know those markets well, should we think about it as something that supports the overall growth rate of the payments business? Or are those big enough opportunities that this could be a level of change in the total revenues and earnings for the payments business over the next couple of years?
Richard Davis: It's the former, because they'll both be slow to start. So the JV in Brazil, as I think we told you, when we did it, won't really start to point money for -- until the second year and beyond. And so that, and it's going to get to a level even in a few years that will be significant to the payments group, but not huge to the bank. It will just be another contributor to our global payments. India, as we have said before, we've got this lock-down commitment to be the partner with the bank, State Bank of India, eventually to be the bank that works with them on the processing side of all merchant acquiring. But India will move slowly, but this will be very, very long and coming. That's probably a 2012 start, with a few years [indiscernible] benefit. So both of those are indications that we intend to continue to expand globally, but neither of those will grow near as much as just the core European, Central America, Mexico and domestic payments that we have today. It would just be nice to have them, but they're not going to affect or move numbers for a couple of years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with CLSA.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: I wanted to follow up on the loan growth and loan commitments. So first, what was the wholesale line utilization in the third quarter? You said it was 26% this quarter.
Andrew Cecere: It's 26.5% in the third quarter, 26.1% this quarter, Mike.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And that would be calculated off the base of the $82 billion of wholesale loans?
Andrew Cecere: Closer to $66 billion.
Richard Davis: Both revolving loans. A number of guys was in quarter four of last year. Well, 28.8%. So Mike, that's 2.5% on almost $70 billion.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And then, what's the dollar amount of the loan commitments in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter?
P. Parker: For the revolving, it went up about $2 billion. It went up from about $65 billion to $67.5 billion.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And that would be the loan commitments?
Richard Davis: Those are revolving commitments. Commitments that are used for revolving purposes.
Richard Davis: So just under 4%, Mike, linked quarter.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: So what I'm trying to reconcile as you had the 1.5% linked-quarter wholesale loan growth and then...
Richard Davis: Total loan growth. They're funded loans. They're term loans.
Andrew Cecere: And it includes retail.
Richard Davis: So it's just a slice of it. The wholesale-only lines of credit only. Not credit card, not consumer, none of that.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: So that's up? And the loan utilization is down?
Richard Davis: Right.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: So why is that? Are you giving commitments to new borrowers? Or what's going on there?
Richard Davis: Yes, both. So the best way to think about it is we've got on the corporate side on all of these investments we're making, we are now in a lot of deals we weren't in before. So you're a Fortune 100 company, you want to renew your line, you want three or four banks in the credit. We weren't in it at all two years ago. We're now one of those banks. And those particularly strong companies just have a line of credit for the availability, they typically don't draw on it. They you get the middle market, and we've increased the number of middle-market lenders substantially. We've gone now national more than we did before, where we have availability to customers who have need outside of our footprint. And we're getting those lines of credit, but not necessarily usage. And then finally, if you look at our Community Bank, which is also present in here, we continue to be very strong in those thousand branches where we have community customers who are actually more likely to use their lines than most. But also invited some because the small community banks they've been relying on have been now as some form of a stress, and in fact, have not been lending or they have been reducing their line capabilities. So we're inviting those deals too. So we're kind of a barbell, where we've been invited into the large deals and into the very small deals that we were neither part of in the past. So if it works, then the line of credit is a proxy for eventually an outstanding use of the credit. But we agree that having it outstanding has held use of small value, but it's better than the other direction.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: I don't want to put words in your mouth. I just wanted if can validate what I think I hear you saying. So loan demand is not improving based on the utilization of existing loans, but you're expanding your footprint to some Fortune 100 companies and outside of your traditional footprint? Is that fair?
Richard Davis: So loan demand is probably at the national level not growing. But by the fact that we've got more commitments and growth for the lines and our loans at our present year, means we are growing in this shrinking environment. So I think we must be thinking market share, that's kind of my hypothesis theory. But I don't think it would be right to say that loan demand has gone up. But the willingness for customers to want to engage in an open line of credit, and because they're more qualified than they were and because they want to be abundantly cautious, that's a fact.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And then, to what degree are you seeing a substitution to the Capital Markets? You're seeing bond issuance going gangbusters when you don't have this loan demand going up at the bank level.
Richard Davis: Yes, I mean, clearly, that's part of it. We open our Capital Markets. We get to participate in those underwritings now, but that's for the investment grade companies, obviously, a great substitute for bank loans. And I'll comment one thing on the demand. I mean with the pickup in M&A activity that we've seen a little bit more in the latter half of the year, that generates loan demand that's generally funded. So not under a revolver. So there is a little bit of a loan demand that's coming through on the wholesale side on the funded side for M&A activity. Might be part bank, but bank debt, part bonds.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Gamaitoni with Compass Point.
Christopher Gamaitoni : Do you guys have any interest in expanding into other types of fee businesses or adding on to current fee businesses? Just looking at M&A in that area, and if there's any concentrations maybe moving forward.
Richard Davis: So nothing new. But I'd like to be deeper in everything we're in. So what you see is what we like. Our last effort by partnering with Nuveen was probably a reflection of the fact we want to keep the bank fairly simple. We don't have an investment bank and we don't now have the asset management at that level. We're not an insurance distributor or an insurance creator. And we don't get into businesses that we don't understand well. But we get better in the ones we're in. So, Chris, I would say that you'll see more and more acquisition opportunity that's non-traditional in corporate trust and in the payments business. And when I say payments, I don't mean just card business. I mean mobile banking and some of the more innovative things that you're starting to read about because I think that will indicate an innovative company and one that can bring things to its customers earlier to market. So you'll see that kind of stuff in traditional banks, but nothing new. There's no space right now that we think we have uncovered. There's nothing we're doing now that we don't want to be doing. I don't think we've ever been more exacting to having the composition of earnings in revenue from the different places than we are right now. So if you like what we see, we're in a good position. We just like to be better at all of it.
Christopher Gamaitoni : And as far as on the credit side, are there any specific regions or MSAs or some MSAs where you're seeing particular weakness on the residential mortgage side or commercial real estate side?
Andrew Cecere: Yes, I mean, it is more regionally or really MSA-based now. And for us, the markets we're in, clearly, the most stressed remain the Southwest. So in and out of Las Vegas, both on the investor and residential side. Some of the markets in California, generally the further you are from the coast, living in the high desert or some of the central Valley markets are still very weak.
Christopher Gamaitoni : And then on the trust side, we saw a suit from Wells Fargo on EMC mortgage requesting files. That was yesterday. I know you're not, you don't usually trust deals. I was wondering if you received those types of requests. How many are proceeding? And just who bears the legal expense for that type of issue? Is that you or the trust?
Andrew Cecere: We do not bear the legal expense. Some of the rulings that you're seeing from the courts, again, we are in those as named only because we are the trustee. As we talked about in the script of the call, we do not hire the lawyers. We do not bear the legal expense. We do not bear the financial risk. We're not responsible for the foreclosure activity. We have a very specific role that we think we fulfill very well. And unfortunately, right now, that is not completely understood. It's complicated, I will give you that. But our role is very limited. And we do not bear the financial risk.
Christopher Gamaitoni : I wasn't talking about the foreclosure side. I meant more as trustee for private label where an investor instructs the trustee to issue a request for loan files.
Andrew Cecere: Yes. Our role on the private label is very similar to what I just described. So again, we have a very limited specific role that we fulfill. And to the extent there is expense related to that role, it is either borne by the servicer of the trust itself.
Richard Davis: It will be built in the contracts in the beginning as our duties and remuneration for handling the requirements of the trust.
Operator: I will now turn the conference back over to the presenters for closing remarks.
Richard Davis: Well, thank you, everybody. Thanks for staying past the hour. We're always at your beckoned call if you have any further questions.  I'd like to just say that, in following up on the last questions, I think we're getting to a pretty normalized predictable pattern here, where you can appreciate the revenue contributors, the expense discipline, the economy that will recover will help all of that. And our improvement in credit quality is now getting closer and closer, and we hope it will be over the long term. So we're not through this cycle yet, but I don't see any reason to think we'll falter at this stage, but to continue a slow methodical report -- peak back to something more normal. And our number one goal really is to get the dividends started again and begin to show the investors that we intend to give them back what they've earned over these years. We're looking forward to having that to talk about the next call. So Judy?
Judith Murphy: Thank you, all, for listening to our review of the fourth quarter. And please just always give us a call if you have additional questions. Thank you, Brooke.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Judith Murphy  IR Richard Davis  Chairman, President and CEO Andrew Cecere  Vice Chairman and CFO Bill Parker  EVP and Chief Credit Officer
Analysts:  Jon Arfstrom  RBC Capital Markets Corporation Edward Najarian  ISI Group John McDonald  Stanford Bernstein Research Betsy Graseck  Morgan Stanley Nancy Bush  NAB Research Matthew OConnor  Deutsche Bank AG Heather Wolf  UBS Securities Paul Miller  FBR Capital Markets Michael Mayo  CLSA David Konrad  Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc. Matthew Burnell  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Meredith Whitney  Meredith Whitney Advisory Group 
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorps Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Richard Davis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Cecere, U.S. Bancorps Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the conference call over to Judy Murphy, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Judith Murphy: Thank you, Brandy, and good morning to everyone, who has joined our call today. Richard Davis, Andy Cecere and Bill Parker are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorps Third Quarter 2010 Results and to answer your questions. Richard and Andy will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of the slide presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental analysts schedules, are available on our website at usbank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during todays call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on page two of todays presentation in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard Davis: Thank you, Judy, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Id like to begin on page three of the presentation and review a few of the highlights of our quarterly results. U.S. Bancorp reported net income of $908 million for the third quarter of 2010 or $0.45 per diluted common share. Earnings were $0.15 higher than the same quarter of last year and equal to the second quarter of 2010. We achieved record total net revenue of $4.6 billion in the third quarter. This represented a 7.9% increase over the same quarter of 2009 and a 1.5 % increase over the prior quarter. Total average loans grew year-over-year by 5.8%, benefiting from recent acquisitions. Excluding acquisitions, average loans were down slightly from last year. Importantly, however, on a length quarter basis, average total loans grew by 0.7%. We continue to post strong year-over-year average deposit growth, particularly in the low cost categories, including non-interest bearing, interest checking, money market and savings. These categories grew on average 13.6% year-over-year or 9% excluding acquisitions. Once again credit quality improved quarter-over-quarter as net charge-offs and nonperforming assets, excluding covered assets declined by 10.7% and 4.6% respectively from the second quarter. Our capital position remains strong and growing with the Tier 1 common ratio and the Tier 1 capital ratio increasing to 7.6% and 10.3%, respectively, at September 30th. Slide four graphs our performance metrics over the past five quarters. Return on average assets in the third quarter was 1.26%, and return on average common equity was 12.8%. The five quarter trends of our net interest margin and efficiency ratio are shown in the graph on the right-hand of the slide four. This quarters net interest margin of 3.91% was just slightly higher than the prior quarter and 24 basis points higher than the same quarter of 2009. Our third quarter efficiency ratio was 51.9%, slightly lower than the prior quarter, but above the same quarter of last year. We remain the best among our peers in terms of efficiency and the increase in this ratio reflects both ongoing investments and the impact of recent legislative and regulatory actions on revenue and on expense. Turning to slide five. Our capital position remains strong and continuous to grow. Additionally, our tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio rose from 5.4% at September 30th, 2009, to 6.2% at September 30th, 2010. Our company continues to generate significant capital each quarter due to the momentum in our diverse business mix in addition to our superior efficiency and our ongoing profitability. As Ive said before, we are confident that our capital levels and our ability to generate new capital each quarter can support a dividend increase and allow us to meet or exceed any capital requirements that maybe forth coming. Increasing the dividend remains a top priority for our management team and our Board of Directors, though we must continue to wait for final regulatory capital guidelines to be established and regulatory approval to be given before a dividend action can be taken. We fully expect, however, to be one of the first banks to raise our dividend once those guidelines have been determined. Moving on to slide six. Average total loans outstanding increased by over $10 billion year-over-year. But as noted on the slide, excluding acquisitions, total average loans declined by 0.4% year-over-year as the average commitment utilization rate by our commercial and corporate borrowers declined from 32% in the third quarter of 2009 to 26% in the third of this year. On a linked to quarter basis, however, total loans increased by 0.7% as we experienced slightly higher demand for new loans from creditworthy borrowers and as the average utilization rate on commitments stabilize albeit at a historically low level. Notably, we recorded an increase in average commercial loans outstanding quarter-over-quarter. This is the first linked quarter increase since the fourth quarter of 2008. At September 30th, total loans were approximately $3 billion higher than at June 30th. Again, signifying that we are seeing some improvement in loan demand coupled with an ongoing flight to quality as we continue to originate and renew lines and loans for our qualified customers, who want and who need credit. In fact, during the third of 2010, U.S. Bank originated over $16.5 billion of residential mortgages, originated almost $6 billion of other consumer loans, including installment loans, student loans, lines of credit and home equity lines and loans. We originated new prime-based credit card accounts with lines totaling $1.4 billion, and we issued $12 billion of new commitments and renewed almost $19 billion of commitments to small businesses, commercial and commercial real estate customers. Overall, excluding mortgage production, new originations plus new and renewed commitments total approximately $38 billion, about $2 billion higher than the previous quarters total. Total average deposits increased by $15.3 billion or 9.8% over the same quarter of last year. Excluding acquisitions, the growth rate was 2.7% year-over-year. Total average deposits decline by $658 million on a linked to quarter basis primarily due to lower corporate trust, institutional trust and broker dealer deposits. Turning to slide seven. The company reported record total net revenue in the third quarter of $4.6 billion. The growth in revenue was driven by earning asset growth and expanding net interest margin, strength in our fee-based businesses, organic growth initiatives and acquisitions all tempered by the impact of recent legislative actions. Turning to slide eight and credit quality. Third quarter total net charge-offs of $995 million were 10.7% lower than the second quarter of 2010. Nonperforming assets, excluding covered assets, decreased by $171 million or 4.6%. On slide nine, you can see the early and late stage delinquencies excluding covered assets, improved again this quarter. The decrease in net charge-offs and nonperforming assets in addition to the favorable changes and early and late stage delinquencies and as detailed on the right-hand side of slide nine, the continuing favorable trend in criticized assets all indicate that we have reached the inflection point in credit quality. Accordingly, we expect the level of both net charge-offs and nonperforming assets, excluding covered assets to continue to decline in the fourth quarter. Turning to slide 10. You can see that this is the first reporting period since the fourth quarter of 2007 that we have not recorded an incremental provision for loan losses. This compares with an incremental provision equal to approximately 2% of net charge-offs in the second quarter of 2010, and approximately 40% of net charge-offs in the third quarter of 2009. Despite this positive trend in credit quality, we did not release reserves this quarter. Contrary to some of our peers, our loan portfolio and particularly a number of consumer loan categories has grown, and the economy, although showing some signs of stability continues to be uncertain with high unemployment and a very challenging real estate market. We entered this cycle with a strong and resilient balance sheet and we intend to protect that position going forward. Maintaining reserve levels commensurate with the growth and changing risk of our loan portfolio is an integral part of that effort. You will find additional credit information on all of the major loan categories in the appendix of this slide presentation. Finally, I wanted to address concerns about the validity of our foreclosure process and calls by many for a national moratorium. Our companys primary goal is to keep borrowers in their homes whenever possible. U.S. Bank participates in a number of loan modification programs including HAMP, which established affordable payment options for our customers. In addition, we have developed and implemented other foreclosure prevention methods that include early contact with delinquent borrowers, marketing outreach programs and participation of foreclosure provision workshops. In fact, since 2007, the U.S. Bank has modified over 34,000 loans with mortgage balances, outstanding of approximately $8.2 billion. The manageable size and quality of our portfolio allow us to manage the foreclosure process internally. Recall that U.S. Bank did not participate in the large scale origination and/or securitization of sub-prime or questionable loan structures. The foreclosure process that U.S. Bank follows well-established safeguards including both individual and committee review of each loan file to ensure that the foreclosure documentation is accurate. We routinely review our policies and procedures and we have just reassessed and reconfirmed the quality of our processes and controls. We will continue to review our processes going forward and comply with any information request we receive from our regulators or other government officials. We do not however have plans to halt foreclosures and we believe that any blanket foreclosure moratorium will seriously impair the national economic recovery. Before leaving this topic, Id like to spend a moment on discussing U.S. Banks role as Trustee for mortgage securities as our company is referenced from time to time erroneously as having certain responsibilities with respect to transactions, where in fact our role is limited to very specific duties outlined in the documents that established the trust. As Trustee, U.S. Bank did not have a role in the servicing of mortgages that are used as collateral in the trust. As Trustee, we do not select the service of the mortgages or have a role in the actions the servicer takes in the foreclosure process. Further, as Trustee and/or Custodian, we do not have responsibility for determining the validity or enforceability of the underlying mortgage documents. That is the role of securitization sponsor. I will now turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks, Richard. I will take just a few minutes to provide you with a few more details about the results. I turn your attention to slide 12, which gives a full view of our third quarter 2010 results compared to those recorded in the second quarter of 2010 and the third quarter of 2009. Earnings per diluted common share were $0.45 for the third quarter 2010, equal to the prior quarter and $0.15 higher than the third quarter of 2009. The key drivers of the companys third quarter results are detailed on slide 13. The $305 million or 50.6% increase in net income year-over-year was primary the result of an 7.9% increase in net revenue and a $461 million decrease in the provision for credit losses, which was comprise of $46 million favorable variance in net charge-offs and a $415 million decrease in incremental provision expense. These favorable changes in total revenue and the provision were partially offset by a 16.2% increase in non-interest expense year-over-year. Net income was $142 million or 18.5% higher on a linked-quarter basis, a 1.5% growth in total net revenue and a favorable variance of $144 million in the provision for loan losses more than offset the slight increase in non-interest expense quarter-over-quarter. A summary of the significant items that impact the comparison of our third quarter results to prior periods are detailed on slide 14. The only significant item called off for the third quarter of 2010 were net securities losses of $9 million, not large enough to have an impact on the companys EPS. Earnings per diluted common share in the second quarter of 2010 included a $0.05 benefit related to the nonrecurring exchange of perpetual preferred stock for outstanding income trust securities. Other smaller items are listed for your review on this slide. Significant items impacting the third quarter of 2009 are also highlighted on slide 14. The largest item of which was a $415 million incremental provision expense. Turning to slide 15. Net interest income increased year-over-year by $320 million or 14.8% due to a $17.8 billion increase in average earning assets and an expanded net interest margin. The increase in average earning assets was primarily acquisition related. The net interest margin was 24 basis points higher than the third quarter of 2009, primarily to growth and low cost deposits, lower funding rates and improved credit spreads. On a linked-quarter basis, net interest income was higher by $68 million, the result of both an increase in average earning assets slightly higher margin and day basis. The net interest margin was higher by just one basis point over the prior quarter as lower funding costs were partially offset by the incremental impact of the CARD Act. Assuming the current rate environment and yield curve, we expect net interest margin to decline by five to 10 basis points in the fourth quarter of 2010 due to the CARD Act and lower long-term rates. Slide 16 provides you with more detail on the change in average total loans outstanding. Average total loans grew by $10.6 billion or 5.8% year-over-year. Excluding acquisitions, average total loans declined by 0.4% and as you can see from the chart in the left; this decline was driven by an 8.7% year-over-year decrease in average commercial loans outstanding. As Richard pointed out, the reduction in commercial and corporate lending year-over-year was primarily due to the utilization rate, which has declined from 32% in the third quarter of 2009 to 26% in the current quarter representing a decrease in excess of $3 billion. Covered loans, which grew by $9 billion year-over-year represent loans acquired through the FDIC-assisted transactions and include Downey, PFF and the banking operations of FBOP. The latter of which was acquired in October 31st of 2009. On the linked-quarter basis, the 0.7% increase in average loans outstanding was driven by increase in commercial loans, residential mortgage and total retail loans. Moving to slide 17. You can see the growth and total low-cost core deposits over the past five quarters. Average total deposits grew by $16.3 billion or 9.8% year-over-year partially due to acquisitions. Notably, low-cost core deposits, non-interest-bearing, interest checking, money market and savings, excluding acquisitions, grew by 9%. On a linked-quarter basis, average deposits decreased slightly, principally due to corporate and institutional customer activity, which was partially offset by low-cost deposit growth in the consumer bank. Slide 18 represents in more detail the changes in non-interest income on a year-over-year and linked-quarter basis. Non-interest income in the third quarter of 2010 was $70 million or 0.8% higher than the third quarter of 2009, this variance by growth in payments, commercial products and mortgage banking revenue. These favorable variances were partially offset by lower deposit service charges, which reflected the legislative and bank developed pricing changes and lower trust in investment management fees. On a linked-quarter basis, non-interest income was flat. Payments related revenue grew by 2.5% driven by seasonally higher transaction volumes and mortgage banking increased by $67 million driven by record high production volume and net securities losses were favorable. These positive items were offset by reductions in deposit service charges, the results as changes in overdraft policies and pricing, the Visa gain recorded in the second quarter of 2010 and a number of smaller variance in the other fee income accounts. Acquisitions had a minimal impact on the variance in fee revenue on a year-over-year or linked-quarter basis. Slide 19 highlights non-interest expense, which was higher year-over-year by $332 million or 16.2%. The majority of the increase can be attributed to acquisitions, which accounted for $85 million of the increase, higher compensation and benefits expense driven by incentives, merit increase and the restoration of the 5% salary reductions taken as part of our cost savings programs in 2009 and additional staffing. Higher cost related to investments and tax advantage projects accounted for $22 million of the increase, an increase in professional services expense, and technology and communication expense related to investments and projects and high ORE expense, which will remain at the current levels as we aggressive manage the disposition of our ORE properties. On a linked-quarter basis, non-interest expense was higher by just $8 million or 0.3%. Finally, the tax rate on an equivalent basis was 25.9% in the third quarter of 2010, compared to 25% in the second quarter of 2010, compared to 25% in the second quarter of 2010 and 18.4% in the third quarter of 2009. Given the heightened focus on mortgage foreclosure and repurchases, we have provided more detail in the companys mortgage, repurchased related expense and the reserve or expected losses on repurchases and make whole payments on slide 20. We have also added this information to the supplemental financial data schedule attached to our quarterly earnings release. As indicated on the table on the left-hand side of the slide, are any reserve was $147 million at September 30th, and the addition to the reserve in the third quarter of 2010 was $70 million. This $70 million repurchased expense was booked as a contra [ph] revenue item in the mortgage banking fee income line. Mortgages repurchased and make whole payments in the third quarter totaled $53 million. Our companys conservative credit underwriting culture as well as our very disciplined loan origination process has resulted in lower repurchase volumes and expense relative to our peers. Given the current environment, we expect repurchase activity to remain slightly elevated over the next few quarters before beginning a moderate downward with quarterly repurchases expense of $50 to 70 million per quarter and any reserve levels of between $150 and 175 million. On slide 21, we have listed the two regulatory changes that have and will have an impact in our results and we wanted to give you a brief update, revenue assumptions related to these changes. We estimate that overdraft pricing and policy changes have reduced revenue year-to-date 2010 by approximately $140 million and well reduce revenue by an additional $110 to 120 million in the fourth quarter bringing our full year 2010 estimate to between $250 and $260 million. The annual run rate going forward is expected to be $440 to $480 million. This is slightly lower than our previous estimate and does not include any mitigating actions. Overall, our opt-in rate has been higher than expected. But our pricing changes are lower than anticipated; number of overdraft incidences keeps us from materially changing our estimates. The CARD Act has reduced total revenue year-to-date by approximately $100 million and is expected to reduce revenue by approximately $60 to 80 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. We expect the total 2000 revenue impact to be in the range of $160 to 180 million with an annual run rate going forward or approximately $250 million. Finally, turning to slide 22, an update on the impact of Basel III. We originally presented this analysis at our Investor Day in September and we have now the numbers as of September 30th and the numbers have not changed materially. The impact of limits for mortgage servicing rights, deferred tax assets and investment of financial institutions remains at zero. The impact of the deduction for the pension liability, purchased credit card relationship intangibles and all others equals 38 basis points, while the changes related to our non-core capital elements are trust preferreds, net or replacement capital requirements is equal to 45 basis points. All of this translates to a pro forma Tier 1 common equity ratio as of September 30th of 7.2% and a Tier 1 ratio of 9.4%. On a pro forma basis, this puts us above the Tier 1 common equity target of 7%, the Basel III level required in the year 2019. However, two items remain uncertain. First, the implementation timetable of the counter cyclical component of capital remains uncertain, and second, the systemic rib buffer has yet to be defined. Regardless, we have the capital we need today and we continue to generate significant capital each and every quarter. So, Im very satisfied that we can manage our capital requirements going forward. Moving to the right side, hand side of the slide, I would say first that our  and foremost that our liquidity has never been stronger. There is still a number of unknowns in regard to how Basel III will be implemented. Given the strength of our balance sheet and our ability to generate deposits and liquidity, we feel any change will be manageable and we have already have a number of initiatives underway to ensure that we are prepared. I will now turn the call back to Richard.
Richard Davis: Thanks, Andy. To include our formal remarks, I turn your attention to slide 23. On September 15th, we held an Investor Day in New York City. The theme of the day was Position to Win. Our presentation has highlighted our strong foundation including our ability to manage credit and risk, our diversified business mix and our prudent capital management. We discussed how we have proven our ability to perform even during one of the most challenging and uncertain economic cycles. We talked about how we have invested in our business line and as a result are building profitable scale and growing our market share. Our third results fully support our belief that U.S. Bancorp is operating from a position of strength and remains position to win. We are moving forward with optimism despite the headwinds of new regulatory and legislative actions and oversight and still an uncertain economy. We are focused on the future and we are ready and willing to do what we can to support the economic recovery of this country. Were also standing our engaged  engaged and performance-driven workforce in creating superior value for our shareholders. That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Bill and I would be happy to answer questions from the audience.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital Market.
Richard Davis: Good morning, John.
Andrew Cecere: Hey, John.
Jon Arfstrom  RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Thanks. Good morning. A couple of questions for you on lending  particularly commercial and can you talk a little bit about where that growth is coming from if thats part of your national initiative or the small business initiative that you have. Just give us an idea of where that demand is coming from.
Richard Davis: So, John, this is Richard. Ill start and Ill ask Bill Parker to chime in. Were seeing it across the board slowly, just a little bit and just about everywhere. So, what were seeing is the qualified customers are now starting to come back into the marketplace as you think about the most qualified are the ones who least needed to use our balance sheet to grow their companies and are starting now to see enough reason to incur some debt and to develop some inventory consider some investments. So, on the corporate banking side, as you know weve continued to enjoy some growth there. But these customers who got a very strong capital market to use as well and in some cases, theyre now using both the capital markets and the bank balance sheet and were starting to see some growth there. Its probably our most important growth, comes from the commercial banking middle market area, where were seeing continued slow, but steady increases across the entire geography. We currently see stress in entertainment and gaming sections as you would expect and then, all of our areas, where we have appraisals for owner occupied real estate. They continue to reflect decreasing values and there are some continued stress in all those areas as you would expect. Community banking is steady as it always has been, and agriculture looks to be very solid this year with a little overproduction being offset by higher commodity prices. And finally, small business continue to be very strong for us not only because were starting to see a new lift in a number of small businesses getting to a point, where theyre strong enough now to incur some debt. But a couple of years ago, we placed a full court press on becoming more involved in small business lending from traditional to SBA to small ticket leasing and those benefits are starting to yield results by the hundreds of new employees we put in place and the back offices we created to do a better job at small lending. So, for us, its a lot of a little bit everywhere and a little bit of our good work a few years ago, starting to come into fruition. So, Bill, you might add to that?
Bill Parker: Yes, Ill start with small business. I mean I was up about 1% just in the quarter, second quarter to third quarter, and thats pretty much across the board whether it was SBA or the loan, small business loans originated out of our branches. Weve had fairly steady growth in that area the last several quarters. And then on the corporate middle market side, we have a strong emphasis on leading credits. Weve been able to successfully gain some market share in those areas. So, weve seen pretty good loan demand here in the last quarter.
Richard Davis: You got more than one question, John?
Jon Arfstrom  RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Yes, just the next question is more of a  just changing the retail. Obviously, youve highlighted your Reg E issue and we have that will show off at some point. But how do you think about the retail checking product, some of your larger competitors have made some changes in terms of the account structure and just curios what youre thinking is. Is it higher minimum? Is it monthly piece, you know how do you get paid for your retail branch network.
Richard Davis: Thank you, John. First of all, you know to our competitors, go forth. Were going to wait and I think after this last time, we, I think, have the luxury and weve earned the positioned to watch and learn. I have no idea whats the customer going to want at this next range, and Im not going to say were going to get it all back without knowing what that means. We have to have a value proposition. We have to have a relationship thats got more than a transaction account attached to it. Were building all those preparations. But Ill say, I think its going to be a monthly service charge, but I think its going to be for more than the standard checking account. I think people will be able to offset any of those charges like having deeper relationships and different value transactions with the company, but I am not going to move on that quickly. Were going to  I think I said this last time, well withhold some near-term earnings by not jumping into freight early, by taking a little longer to learn what the right answer is, perhaps take some market share while people are adjusting more quickly to figure out the right answer and then, well deliver something to you all when we have a better idea of what this next generation of checking pricing looks like.
Jon Arfstrom  RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Okay, thank you.
Richard Davis: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Najarian with ISI Group.
Richard Davis: Hi, Ed.
Andrew Cecere: Hi, Ed.
Edward Najarian  ISI Group: Good morning, guys. I was just wondering if you I could flip you back to page 21.
Richard Davis: Yes.
Edward Najarian  ISI Group: And I guess I just didnt quite understand exactly what you were saying on that page in terms of the impact, if you could just go through that quickly one more time.
Andrew Cecere: Sure. This is the regulatory environment, Ed?
Edward Najarian  ISI Group: Yes.
Richard Davis: Yes.
Edward Najarian  ISI Group: The terms.
Andrew Cecere: Yes. So, you know, both CARD Act and the overdraft Reg E changes had been slowly impacting us more and more, each and every quarter of 2010. I would say were getting to the full run rate in the fourth quarter. So, we were not at the full run rate in the third quarter and certainly, not in the first half of the year, so that 110 and 120 represents the full run rate and four times that amount is what you see for next year 
Edward Najarian  ISI Group: The full run rate of the negative revenue impact on a free tax basis.
Andrew Cecere: That is correct, Ed.
Edward Najarian  ISI Group: OK.
Andrew Cecere: And that is correct for both the overdraft and the CARD Act impact, and the CARD Act is both in fee income and in net interest margin.
Edward Najarian  ISI Group: Right, okay. So, this is a revenue  sort of a lost revenue estimate on a pre-taxed basis based on these regulatory actions.
Richard Davis: That is correct.
Andrew Cecere: Thats right. Another great thing is quarter four is finally hitting stride multiply, kind of by four and youre kind of there without the mitigating discussion that we had John a minute ago.
Edward Najarian  ISI Group: Okay. And then next question would be with respect to the net interest margin outlook for the fourth quarter down to five to 10 basis points. Obviously, we saw good stability and good net interest income growth. This quarter, you indicated it was below rate backdrop. Could you put a little more color around that and would you expect it to stabilize subsequent to 4Q or is this the beginning of a  a bit of a NIM compression trend.
Andrew Cecere: Well, there are two key factors that are driving the fourth quarter. One is what you just asked about, which is the full impact of CARD Act on our credit card rates and yields in the fourth quarter will be fully baked in so to speak, and thats going to cause a bit of that compression. The second item as you know long rates are down versus where we were in the first half of the year and that has a negative impact on both our securities portfolio and other earning assets. So, those are the two key drivers. Those are whats causing the five to 10-basis point declines in the fourth quarter, depending upon what happens with long rates in 2011. You know I dont know how that will look, but as we see today and what the yield curve looks like today, thats what the impact is. If it doesnt change a lot that in fact will be relatively stable. If the yield curve changes, that will adjust.
Edward Najarian  ISI Group: [Inaudible].
Richard Davis: Yes, were not trying to guess beyond quarter four, and were just trying to say show you what moves.
Edward Najarian  ISI Group: Right. But I mean when you say be relatively stable, and if the interest rates remain stable, you mean it will get down to that level, but not potentially not compress a lot further than that or when you say relatively stable you mean 
Andrew Cecere: [Inaudible].
Edward Najarian  ISI Group: Ongoing down at that phase?
Andrew Cecere: Yes, had we been fairly consistent in trying to lock out 90 days because there was so many moving parts with margin. I would say relatively stable, given what I know today about the yield curve and about rates. But there are a lot of moving parts there and well be sure to update you every quarter like weve been doing.
Edward Najarian  ISI Group: Okay. And then last question, obviously, very strong mortgage origination revenue this quarter. Do you care to make any comments on your outlook for mortgage origination volume or revenue?
Andrew Cecere: Sure. So, Ed, we had about $16.5 billion of production, a record quarter over $20 billion of house, so another record. So, it was a tremendous quarter given the low rate environment. The hedge was neutral, so that we didnt benefit at all from the hedge. And you know as you compare it on a year-over-year basis year ago, weve actually made about $67 million on that. I would expect the third quarter to be down somewhat  I mean excuse me; the fourth quarter will be down somewhat just given the seasonality in the mortgage business.
Edward Najarian  ISI Group: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Andrew Cecere: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John McDonald with Stanford Bernstein.
Richard Davis: Good morning, John.
Andrew Cecere: Hey, John.
John McDonald  Stanford Bernstein Research: Hi, good morning, guys. Andy, just on expenses, if you could comment  give an outlook on expenses, if wed kind of think X the FDIC expense increase that you discussed coming on next year. Is this quarter kind of a good runway on expenses? Do you have any other kind of puts and takes to mention going forward that we should think about on expenses?
Andrew Cecere: Right. So, you know, John, when we talked a little bit about this last quarter and I said that the third quarter was a pretty good rate and our second quarter was a pretty good run rate for the third quarter and it ended up being that way. Were up $8 million. So, I would say that we have most of the components included. I think a couple of the unknowns are certainly as you mentioned, the FDIC expense you saw yesterday that the three basis point increase is no longer part of the equation. But the equation is still uncertain and the exact rates are still uncertain, so thats a factor. The fourth quarter is seasonally higher with our CDIC or tax credit related expense, so that will be up a little bit. But I dont see any other material changes.
John McDonald  Stanford Bernstein Research: Okay. And Richard, you touched on the reserve release or the lack of reserve release compared to some of the peers. So, just anymore color on kind of what factors will drive whether U.S. Bank has any kind of recapture of reserves over the next couple of quarters as credit continues to improve.
Richard Davis: Yes, John. I think  as I said, you know, all the other quarters, its a lot more mass than it is ours. So, we let the mass dictate where we are and I have to say that if we continue to see progression in our delinquency improvements and our nonperforming outsets, we will probably see a reserve release in the future quarters. As I also said about a year ago, if we end up doing that, its because we failed in our ability to predict perfectly and that will be the case. But I dont think [inaudible] at this situation today. We dont ever put it away with the goal of getting it back later. We simply put it away based on the math of what we see in the current day. As Bill would tell you, particularly consumer loans are based on a four quarter full review. Commercial loans are a little more lumpy and more individual based on company and in bold cases, theyre coming down. But I also want to make sure that we end this cycle with very, very strong reserve levels  adequate and strong reserve levels for our loan offices as we go into the improving scenario. So, I think that if we keep following the map like we have, youll start to see some reserve capture, but it wont be significant and it wasnt intentional.
John McDonald  Stanford Bernstein Research: Okay, great. Thank you.
Richard Davis: Yes.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck  Morgan Stanley: Hi, question just on the liability management side. When we talked about NIM compression, what you know could happen with the long end of the curve coming down. But maybe give us some color as to how you are healing the liability side, opportunities to bring down your cost of funding there and maybe you could speak a little bit to the possibility  yes or no of troughs redemption.
Andrew Cecere: So, a couple of things. We issued two  we had two debt issuances in the last few months, both at the lowest rate ever issued by a bank holding company in the U.S. to five-year paper and three-year. And I will tell you that we dont have a lot more issuance plan for the remainder of the year and we dont have a lot rolling off in 2011. Secondly, we have been growing deposit as youve seen, low-cost core retail deposits which is helpful in terms of our funding cost and we will have the second component or the second half of the its transaction that occurs late first quarter, early second quarter of 2011. Those are the key components. Were watching on the further redemption in terms of the rules around what counts as capital, but we have no plans to do an early exchange right now.
Richard Davis: And thats it Richard, let me just say, Ive instructed our team to be aggressive on deposit gathering. So, while youre hearing that theres going to be a growth of long growth, I ask you believe that were going to continue to grow based on market share grab. Im going to make that assumption and therefore, were going to keep going to deposits and I think whichever bank ends this downturn goes into the recovery with the most customers, with the most deposits especially cored deposits will end up winning the next cycle. So, were not backing down. We have the ability to be aggressive in the deposit pricing based on relationships and were doing it across the board.
Betsy Graseck  Morgan Stanley: Dont you agree the loan growth is not as significant as the funding side? It does give you some room to bring down the higher cost that youve got on your balance sheet.
Richard Davis: Yes, I think also, Betsy, it may lead us to build our securities portfolio a bit, not material, but a bit as we continue to build our liquidity coverage ratio and strengthen our liquidity on balance sheet.
Betsy Graseck  Morgan Stanley: All right, thank you.
Richard Davis: Sure, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nancy Bush with NAB Research.
Nancy Bush  NAB Research: Good morning, guys.
Richard Davis: Hi, Nancy.
Andrew Cecere: Hi.
Nancy Bush  NAB Research: Okay. I realized that asking this question will be an exercise in futility, but I need to ask it anyway.
Richard Davis: Go for it.
Nancy Bush  NAB Research: Okay, a dividend question.
Richard Davis: Yes.
Nancy Bush  NAB Research: You had said that you would like to pay the dividend or grow the dividend the first possibly opportunity. Jamie Dimon has said the same thing. Vikram Pandit had said dont expect anything in 2011. Do you have any sense, Richard, of whether the regulators are going to sign off on the resumption of dividend growth, wholesale for the industry as they did with the cuts or theyre going to look at it company by company and maybe awhile some in 2011 and postpone the rest until later?
Richard Davis: Okay. So, this is  you set it up and Ill confirm. This is just my opinion and based on the data I collect, I think that itll be the latter or the former. I think theyre going to allow banks individually with permission to move forward on dividend resumption and/or stock buybacks. Heres my current, in my head, the timeline looks like this. G20 Heads of State meet in the end of November. They confirm what the finance ministers have said all along. They confirm the capital levels, then they leave to the domestic local domains to decide what kind of systemic important capital, buffer there maybe, and other things that each country may want to add. Once and when our government and our Fed and Treasury have decided what that is for our banks, I think theyll continue to pursue this stress testing that we have all been under and that weve all been pursuing for quite some time, along with our capital plans and our liquidity plans. And if and when we can attach all of those acceptable actions to their requirements and we meet the test of the capital levels, then I think banks, as they find themselves satisfying those measures, will get out. And I think  I hope thats the case because I would hate that we have to wait for the lowest common denominator. And I also think it would be prudent for a lot of reasons for the recovery of this economy to allow banks significant dividend payers to give their shareholders what theyve been waiting for, for a long time. So, Im going to stick with what I believe, because it serves us well to believe that will be the case. And were operating on the basis that each of us will get out as we have permission and as we have earned it and were working hard to earn it.
Nancy Bush  NAB Research: Secondly, could you just  Im assuming you were at the dinner with Elizabeth Warren on this topic of how she was going to structure her bureau going forward, et cetera. Do you have any greater insight into how thats going to occur and what we should be looking at in terms of timing for product requirements, et cetera?
Richard Davis: Yes, with the same disclaimer I gave a second ago. And in fact, I introduced her at that dinner in my role at the roundtable and had breakfast with her the morning of. And Im quite comfortable that her first most important activity as she builds the agencies, shes not running it, is to focus almost exclusively on disclosures, transparency and simplicity. As she has made clear to everybody that night, shes made it clear to a few of us even since then so. So, first and foremost, the Consumer Protection Bureau as its beginning to become an agency is going to focus on clarity and simplicity of transparency communications and disclosures. We all welcome that, by the way, because we need a Safe Harbor to help us create these more simplified, easier to understand protocols when, in fact, we have so many issues on a legal side, that if we dont put everything in the 25-page document, well find ourselves in harms way. So, Im looking forward to that as her first effort. I think, as you probably know what I know, the responsibility for that agency to be up and running isnt until mid-2011; at which point I believe theyll have the key players and they have the key mandate, which will then follow some of the rule-making that were all going to be eager to get. But I think thats a mid-2011, so little come out of it beyond disclosures in the next couple of quarters. Thats my thought.
Nancy Bush  NAB Research: Thank you.
Richard Davis: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt OConnor with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew OConnor  Deutsche Bank AG: Hi.
Richard Davis: Good morning, Matt.
Matthew OConnor  Deutsche Bank AG: I just wanted to get your take on the Mortgage Origination business at this point. Youve got a pretty good track record when it comes to this. During the bubble years, you werent a big player and that helped you avoid a lot of the issues others are facing or have faced and are facing now. And then youve been gaining share in the last couple of years, which I think has proven to be pretty profitable. So, a lot of the noise out there relates to previous originations, but theres just  in general I think a lot of uncertainty in terms of the prophesies going forward and what spreads will looked like. And Im just wondering what your take is on the business overall, and remind us how you think of retail versus wholesale channels.
Richard Davis: Okay. Ill go first, and then Andy can talk about spreads. This is Richard. We like the business as much as we did a couple of years ago, when we decided to stave off and more than double our investment in it. We were in the high teens as an originator and servicer a couple of years ago, and now were four or five, five or six. Sadly, its not just because were so amazing. Its because so many between us have moved on or consolidated, so its a little both. What I like about though is we havent left our old-fashioned approach of doing it very, very close to the customer. We have six locations across the country, where we take care of our mortgage business. Theyre in large centers, which are handled by very, very capable people. And when we added to our business, we didnt add any new locations, we didnt add any new capabilities, we just added more people under the current management to do twice as much work. So, Im very comfortable with our approach. Its a low-cost approach. We have our largest centers in places like Oshkosh, Wisconsin and Nevada, Missouri and Owensboro, Kentucky. So, we have a great workforce and then a great cost of doing business, and were just going to continue to grow at those points. Right now, were operating, as you know, on a significantly higher refi market than origination market. That will serve all of us well to keep people busy for a while. But I think that when the recovery finally attaches itself, and probably a couple of years from now on the mortgage side, youll start to see the old-fashioned originations outtake the refinances. And well be ready for that as well. The mix can be a little bit different based on refi versus origination, but were prepared for both of those. And then, Matt, we also have a pretty good wholesale business. And we have not gotten out of all the broker businesses, because we werent in any broker businesses we didnt like. Some of our peers are moving away from that. And like everything else, we are staying with the old-fashioned way of the way we did it in the first place. And Wholesale does have a pretty good volume stream that kind of mitigate some of the peaks and flows that what would otherwise happen in the retail side, although the margins are a little bit skinnier. So, were a very blended, very basic mortgage business, just bigger than we were before. And frankly, were going to keep investing in it because we think that, again, at the recovery point, he whoever has the most critical mass, whether customers or not being outsourced to anybody else to accomplish those needs, are going to be better off. Thats the kind of the growth side. Andy, you might talk about the margins.
Andrew Cecere: Yes, on the margin side. Matt, again on sale margins are probably a little higher than what would be normal in this environment, maybe 125 or 150. They probably will moderate down a bit, maybe 100 to 125, but its still be a profitable and well-run business for us.
Matthew OConnor  Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. I mean, just as a follow-up here. I guess, as you think about the servicing side of the business, does not need to be repriced, given just the general higher risk? And what seems to be the higher cost of just the overall responsibility in that business?
Richard Davis: Well, I think that as we tried to demonstrate with the numbers and the additional disclosure we provided, weve actually have a very nominal increases in costs there because weve run the business very well. Weve been very prudent in our underwriting and our processes. And the put-backs that we have relative to the size of our book is actually quite small and manageable. So, were very comfortable with the profitability and the way were pricing right now.
Matthew OConnor  Deutsche Bank AG: Well, I guess, let me frame that another way. The cost of the servicing for most of your competitors has gone up quite a bit, so I think they need to find a way to try and reprice that over time. So, there could be some benefit for you. I mean, just in general, it feels like the servicing business for the industry wasnt priced for what were seeing now in terms of the costs and the burden.
Andrew Cecere: I dont disagree with you, and I dont disagree with the fact that, that maybe a benefit to us given the way we run the business.
Richard Davis: Yes. Im glad you concluded that, because I think its actually a net positive if we continue to stick to [inaudible]. So, were going to see as a positive to a neutral.
Matthew OConnor  Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, thank you.
Richard Davis: Thanks, Matt.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Wolf with UBS Securities.
Heather Wolf  UBS Securities: I understand you guys dont want to make any guidance forecast going into 2011. But can you at least give us a sense for maybe the dollar value of securities that are coming due in 2011? And what kind of reinvestment risks youre seeing currently?
Richard Davis: Heather, so the way Id answer that question is I would expect our securities book net to grow a few billion dollars in 2011, so nothing significantly material. Were on a $49 to 50 billion book. Its going to grow up a few billion dollars. Were putting on  the majority of what were putting on are floaters versus fixed. And as I talked about that five to 10 basis points going to next quarter thats part of the reason for the decline. But it wont have a significant material impact on neither the balance sheet nor the net interest margin as we see it today for 2011.
Heather Wolf  UBS Securities: So, you dont think that the existing portfolio poses much reinvestment risk, given where 10 years are today?
Richard Davis: Well, it does post some reinvestment risk. But given the size of whats was rolling off versus were putting on, it doesnt equate to a large number for 2011.
Heather Wolf  UBS Securities: And whats rolling off is not rolling off at substantially higher yields than what you can find in the marketplace today?
Richard Davis: It is, Heather, as you know. But again, given the level of the roll-off and were reinvesting, the math there just doesnt create a huge difference.
Heather Wolf  UBS Securities: I see. So, youre just making it up in volume?
Richard Davis: Yes.
Heather Wolf  UBS Securities: Got it. Okay, thank you.
Richard Davis: You got it.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Miller with FBR Capital Markets.
Richard Davis: Hi, Paul.
Paul Miller  FBR Capital Markets: Yes, thank you.
Andrew Cecere: Hey, Paul.
Paul Miller  FBR Capital Markets: Hey, how you guys doing. On increased loan demand, there has been some story that I think the Fed released a report saying that for the first time, theyve seen banks ease their credit standards. Can you add some color around that? How do you ease your credit standards, which has increased your loan demand out there, which helped you grow your balance sheet this quarter?
Richard Davis: Ill let Bill answer, but absolutely, no. Go ahead, Bill. Knock yourself out.
Bill Parker: Yes. Yes, I mean our underwriting standards havent changed since 10 years ago. But I think when they site things like that, what theyre talking about is when you go on to the down cycle, what used to be maybe a five-year revolvers for investment-grade credit collapse back to one-year and three-year revolvers. Now, theyre going back out to five years. Thats some of the things theyre talking about when they talk about that "easing." So, thats not 
Paul Miller  FBR Capital Markets: Okay.
Bill Parker: For us, its not an underwriting issue.
Richard Davis: Hey, Paul, its Richard. I also think that you will see  because the regulators are so keen on watching for quality, I think the only thing you might see is pricing issues, where some are going to be hungrier and take some risks on either pricing, and maybe even whole levels. But the regulators are very much on top of this. And by the way, were all welcoming that because wed rather that they are giving us current feedback than a late feedback. So, I think youll find any changes or adjustments will come in pricing, much less than in underwriting.
Paul Miller  FBR Capital Markets: Did you hear a lot of stories about like people that need credit cant get credit, and people that dont need credit have all the credit in the world. And Im just wondering, were starting to see people always talk about loan growth and is the first time weve seen it. Is that things now losing up a little bit in the world, including for you guys, not necessarily underwriting standards, but much more willing to lend out there.
Richard Davis: Yes. So, its not either though. Were not getting any standards. I dont think the industry is changing its willingness to lend either. I think its a slow but predicted outcome that some of the customers, who restructure the way they live, both consumers, small businesses and large businesses and large corporate, theyre now becoming more qualified because theyve done all the heavy lifting of getting themselves back in shape to now incur more debt and were more attracted of them because they dont have those kinds of risks. So, its really more of that, more qualified people and those who became more qualified by their good efforts in the last couple of years. A long recession is something were all trying to figure out how to live within and among, but it helped us get more clarity around those who took early actions and are now getting more prepared for a better future.
Paul Miller  FBR Capital Markets: Hey, thank you very much, gentlemen.
Richard Davis: Yes. Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with CLSA.
Richard Davis: Hey, Mike.
Michael Mayo  CLSA: Good morning. First on Basel III, are you running Basel II right now? And how many more quarters until you can go off running parallel, assuming you are on parallel?
Richard Davis: Mike, we are running the Basel I and reporting on Basil I today. We would enter our parallel run in 2011. The numbers Ive given you are Basil I, with Basel III rules applied. When you think about Basel II, with Basel III rules applied, they actually would be better than the ratios that Ive showed you of 90 to 100 basis points.
Michael Mayo  CLSA: So, if you were on parallel in 2011, maybe the ball goes bright in 2012, you could get off running parallel?
Richard Davis: That is the typical plan for the parallel run on this fourth quarter. Its correct. And while we begin in January 1 of 11. So, were  remember we werent $250 billion at the beginning of the Basel activity, so we had to opt-in a few years ago when we hit the $250 billion. So, were ready to roll in January.
Michael Mayo  CLSA: Okay, and a far as the eventual target, you said you needed to make sure that, that the rules were which makes sense. But would that mean you have to wait until the U.S. decides on what the minimum ratios are which could be another year or so?
Andrew Cecere: I guess the answer is whatever the Fed decides, right? So, the Fed will along with the Treasury will decide what to the U.S. answer will be to all of the requirements and Basel. And once they decide what qualifies in terms of where the buffers went it, where the systemic important companies would be charged, thats what Im waiting for. And so, Im not even trying to figure out what America is going to do. Im just waiting for the American response to whatever the G20 says and counting on people like the Treasury and the Fed to be thoughtful enough to let the banks that have shown and proven themselves to be ready to do that to get on and move on with that dividend.
Michael Mayo  CLSA: Okay. And then separately, loan utilization. I guess 26%, thats still the all-time low, isnt it?
Andrew Cecere: As long as 
Richard Davis: Yes.
Andrew Cecere: We recorded it is, yes.
Richard Davis: It is, yes.
Michael Mayo  CLSA: On the one hand, we have an all-time low on loan utilization. On the other hand, youre growing loans a little bit more.
Richard Davis: Right.
Michael Mayo  CLSA: And weve been hearing this from  everyones kind of cautiously optimistic. Would you call yourself still cautiously optimistic? Or is this the real deal? Were getting loan growth back and its going to take off?
Richard Davis: Were definitely cautiously optimistic because I do think were starting to see the first glimmer now. One quarter doesnt in turn make void. Its a lot better than having to continue decreases. For us, a flattening utilization is exceptionally exciting because if our loan utilization  remember we just do wholesale. So, a lot of banks have high utilization levels, they have seen credit cards and consumer and all that. This is wholesale for us.  Just in absolute dollars and as Andy mentioned in the call, were down $3 billion on wholesale commitment adjustment; just the same outstandings being used less. So, those commitments start to kick. Thats on top of the growth that youre seeing today. Because as you said, were not getting it from utilization. Were getting it from old-fashioned new customers and new growth. So for us, were quite optimistic that this can get much lower, and it will be the first thing well see as a consistent behavior, people are starting to use our balance sheet again over themselves trying to find everything.
Michael Mayo  CLSA: And then just one last question, a more general question. So, your revenue growth target is 7 to 8%. What would you need in the environment before you could achieve that sort of revenue growth target? In other words, I imagine 10-year rates, wherever it is right now, 2.55% is not going to do it. What kind of normal environment would you need before you could realistically say you might be able to get that sort of revenue growth?
Andrew Cecere: I think you said  Mike, this is Andy. I think you said it correctly via normal economic environment, so normal GDP growth maybe 3 to 4%. Normal long-term rates or normal yield curve and finally, normal levels of unemployment backed down to the eights. So, this isnt the environment that were going to achieve that because were not seeing a loan growth because yields are  the low [ph] at the long end is very low. But when we get to that normal environment, same-store sales, spend all those things get back to normal economic levels thats when we could achieve that.
Michael Mayo  CLSA: Just one quick follow-up there. If you have 4% GDP growth for over the long term, how do you get from 4% GDP growth to 7 to 8% revenue growth?
Andrew Cecere: By a couple of things, pricing and taking share.
Michael Mayo  CLSA: All right. Thank you.
Richard Davis: Sure. Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Konrad with KBW.
Richard Davis: Hi, David.
David Konrad  Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: Hey, good morning. Just really a follow-up to Matts question on [inaudible] I guess more specifically the servicing. I mean if the bulk of your market share came kind of relatively recent phenomena, would it be fair to assume that the advantages and the servicing portfolio are relatively recent rather than kind of driven by a 05, 06 period? And just wondered if you have any comment on exposure to private label servicing, if there is any?
Andrew Cecere: Second question first, no exposure to private label. Our vintages have actually are pretty steady stream. If you think about it, weve been growing throughout the years as Richard mentioned. One of the reasons weve moved up the ranking is people are no longer the list. So, I want to say we have a waiting one way or the other its fairly linear.
David Konrad  Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Andrew Cecere: Sure.
Richard Davis: Thanks, David.
Operator: Your next comes from the line of Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo.
Richard Davis: Hi, Matt.
Andrew Cecere: Hey, Matt.
Matthew Burnell  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Good morning, guys. Just a couple of quick questions. On slide 29, taking a look at the home-equity delinquencies, they are up a little bit quarter-over-quarter. Is there any color you can provide on that? Or was that largely expected?
Richard Davis: Yes, I mean, believe it or not, there is seasonal patterns to the home-equity. And the seasonal increase this year was down substantially from last year and the prior year. So, its been trending down, so very comfortable with the outlook there.
Matthew Burnell  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay.
Richard Davis: Its [inaudible] to also say, its one of our best portfolios. When this thing is all over, pull it back and with herald fewer portfolios in the quality of our home-equity portfolio. So, Ill also give it a bit of a pass because its a very low level and I think the movement is pretty small. If we saw an upward trend over a couple of quarters, I might start to worry. But I think it has past the hundred  theres a high-water mark fast and youre going to see it steady out here for a while.
Matthew Burnell  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. And then just a second question on net interest margin. What assumptions are you all embedding in your assumption for fourth quarter NIM in terms of loan growth?
Richard Davis: Similar what you see here in the third quarter.
Matthew Burnell  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. So, basically no ramp-up in loan growth?
Andrew Cecere: Correct.
Matthew Burnell  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay, super. Thanks very much, guys.
Andrew Cecere: You bet.
Matthew Burnell  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Thank you.
Richard Davis: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Meredith Whitney with Meredith Whitney Advisory Group.
Richard Davis: Good morning, Meredith.
Meredith Whitney  Meredith Whitney Advisory Group: Good morning. I have a little bit of an unorthodox question, when I still and speak to the much smaller banks that will be below the radar screen for any type acquisition, they obviously are very challenged by the cost of regulatory burdens. And Im wondering what opportunities want to have as bankers bank, what you can do for the smaller community banks and how that may provide a growth opportunity for you that doesnt  youre not seeing in betweens, so youre seen as more of a friend than necessarily large competitor?
Richard Davis: Yes, I like that question. We have got over 2,000 banks that we are  the bank too and a number of significant ways. And what were doing know is were trying to go back to them and talk to them about their cost structures and telling them that if they want to give us their credit card portfolio and let us private label. If they wanted to give us their corporate payments business and give them something they dont have that they want to handoff to us, some of our correspondent banking capabilities. We can help them reduce their cost structure. We can take the scale, we enjoyed and both of us can do better by performing something like that. Also the servicing ATM machines, were finding a lot of interest. And so, if I was a small bank, Id say look, If Im going to make it and I want to get my cost structure down, Im going to have to go somewhere or I might have not gone before and let someone I trust do that for me on a wide label basis and therefore, I can go out and have some of the stress and revenue side until I can get to the other end of the recession. So, actually its a quite  youre very  its not unorthodox. Its a great question and we see this as a very positive. I thought you were headed to small banks being available for sale and this is actually, in our case, a more attractive because its got long and permanent approach to it.
Meredith Whitney  Meredith Whitney Advisory Group: Sure. And is that something that wed be able to see the growth structure? Is that something thats going to be material to earnings? Is that going to be a growth channel thats going to be meaningful to investors?
Richard Davis: The corresponding banking business for us is very big and because its already big, it doesnt move a lot in terms of volume to show it. But to the extent that thats  thats a really good idea. I think Ill introduce something in our next presentation to give you guys a sense of where it is today and then, we can use that as a measure to track because Im expecting that to be one of our growth initiatives as you just cited. So, well have that.
Meredith Whitney  Meredith Whitney Advisory Group: Okay, terrific. Thank you so much.
Richard Davis: Thanks, Meredith.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks.
Operator: At this time, Ill turn the call back to management for any closing remarks.
Judith Murphy: Thank you, all, for listening to our review of the quarterly results. And please, if you have any follow-up questions, feel free to call us in Investor Relations.
Richard Davis: And this is Richard, let me thank you for your attention to our call. We are standing ready anytime you have any questions. We are transparent and you know that, and were only hesitating sometimes because the environment were in would cause us to make mistakes by trying to guess too far forward. But I think youve just heard a very consistent, predictable, repeatable story. And as much as it may not be that exciting, because it doesnt have a lot of unexpected outcomes, it is a one that were proud of and were excited to tell the story. So, anytime, give us a call. Thank you.
Judith Murphy: Thank you.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks.
Operator: This concludes todays U.S. Bancorps Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-20 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Judy Murphy  Director, IR Richard Davis  Chairman, President and CEO Andy Cecere  Vice Chairman and CFO Bill Parker  EVP and Chief Credit Officer
Analysts: Matthew O'Connor  Deutsche Bank John McDonald  Sanford Bernstein Jon Arfstrom  RBC Capital Markets Paul Miller  FBR Capital Markets Heather Wolf  UBS Ian Forsyth [ph]  Bank of America Chris Whalen  IRA Nancy Bush  NAB Research LLC Chris Kotowski  Oppenheimer Matt Burnell  Wells Fargo Moshe Orenbuch  Credit Suisse Chris Mutascio  Stifel Nicolaus Meredith Whitney  Meredith Whitney Advisory Group Betsy Graseck  Morgan Stanley Carole Burger  Soleil Securities
Operator: Welcome to US Bancorps first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Following a review of the results by Richard Davis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Cecere, US Bancorps Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question and answer session. (Operator Instructions). This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately noon Eastern Time through Tuesday, April 27 at 12 midnight Eastern Time. I will now turn the conference call over to Judy Murphy, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Judy Murphy: Thank you, Ashley, and good morning to everyone who have joined our call today. Richard Davis, Andy Cecere, and Bill Parker are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorps first quarter 2010 results and to answer your questions. Richard and Andy will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of the slide presentation, as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedule are available on our website at usbank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during todays call are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on page two of todays presentation, in our press release, and our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard Davis: Thank you, Judy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I would like to begin on page three of the presentation and note some of the highlights of our first quarter 2010 results. U.S. Bank reported a net income of $669 million for the first quarter of 2010 or $0.34 per diluted common share. Earnings were $0.10 or 42% higher than the same quarter of last year and $0.04 higher than the fourth quarter of 2009. Total net revenue of $4.3 billion in the first quarter was 11.3% higher than the same quarter of 2009. With an industry leading efficiency ratio of 49% in the first quarter, we achieved positive operating leverage on a linked quarter basis. We experienced strong year-over-year average deposit growth of 13.7%, while average loans grew by 3.9%. Growth in both categories benefited from recent acquisitions. As expected, net charge-offs and non-performing assets, excluding covered assets, increased this quarter, but at a more moderate rate, with both categories rising by approximately 2%. Importantly, the provision for loan losses declined on both a year-over-year and a linked quarter basis, as the increase in net charge-offs was more than offset by a decline in reserve build. We maintained our strong capital position, with the Tier-1 capital ratio and Tier-1 common ratio increasing to 9.9% and 7.1% respectively at March 31. On Slide Four, we show our performance metrics over the past five quarters. Return on average assets in the current quarter was 0.96% and return on average common equity was 10.5%, above the returns posted in each of the past four quarters. The first quarter results included two significant items, which were net security losses of $34 million and provision expense in excess of net charge-offs of $175 million. Excluding these significant items, which Andy will discuss in a few minutes, return on average assets and return on average common equity would have been approximately 1.19% and 13.1% respectively. The five quarter trends of our net interest margin and efficiency ratio are shown in the graph at the right hand of Slide Four. Our net interest margin of 3.90% improved over the prior quarter by 7 basis points, primarily due to the lower funding cost. Our first quarter efficiency ratio of 49% was essentially flat to the prior quarter. Turning to Slide Five, our capital positions remain strong. As previously noted, our Tier-1 capital and Tier-1 common equity ratios rose to 9.9% and 7.1% respectively at March 31. Additionally, our tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio rose 3.8% from March 31, 2009 to 5.6% at March 31, 2010. Our company continues to generate significant capital each quarter, due to our diverse mix of businesses, a number of which are less capital intensive than our traditional balance sheet businesses, in addition to our superior efficiency ratio and ongoing profitability. Given our ability to generate significant capital, even under adverse economic circumstances, we believe we have the capacity to return more of our capital to shareholders through an increase in our dividend rates. However, as I have indicated in the past, we must continue to defer a dividend action until we see clear evidence that the economy has recovered and is sustainable, and we receive clear regulatory capital guidelines and approval. I am aware of how important the dividend is to our shareholders and I can assure you that we will continue to work closely with our regulators to help facilitate their decision-making process. Moving on to Slide Six, average total loans outstanding increased by $7.2 billion year-over-year. As noted on the slide, excluding acquisitions, total average loans declined 2.9% year-over-year. On a linked quarter basis, total average loans increased by 0.6%, driven again by acquisitions. The lack of growth in average total loans outstanding, excluding acquisitions, was largely due to the lower usage of revolving lines of credit by our commercial and corporate customers. Utilization of outstanding commitments by these borrowers declined from an average of about 30% in the fourth quarter of 2009 to approximately 28% in the first quarter of 2010. Despite this reduction in the balance of average loans outstanding, we are continuing to see the benefits of flight to quality as we gain new customers, and believe that our balances are declining less than those of our peers. We continue to originate and renew lines and loans for our customers who want and need credit. In fact, during the first quarter of 2010, U.S. Bank originated nearly $9 billion of residential mortgages. We originated over $4 billion of consumer loans, including installment loans, student loans, lines of credit, and home equity lines and loans. We originated new prime based credit card accounts with lines totaling $2 billion, and we issued $6.6 billion of new commitments and renewed $14.6 billion of commitments to small businesses, commercial, and commercial real estate customers. Overall, excluding mortgage production, new origination plus new and renewed commitments were over $27 billion, somewhat lower than the previous quarters total, again indicating that the demand for new loans remain subdued. We continue to be open for business, and eager to meet the credit needs of our current and new creditworthy customers. Total average deposits increased by $22 billion over the same quarter of last year and $1.6 billion on a linked quarter basis. Excluding acquisitions, the growth rate was 4.5% on a year-over-year basis. On a linked quarter basis, excluding acquisitions, average deposits declined by 1.7%, primarily due to lower average DDA balances in wholesale banking and in corporate trust. Importantly however, savings deposits, which include interest checking, regular savings, and money market savings, were higher than the fourth quarter by 3.4%, reflecting a number of our recent growth initiatives, including our new S.T.A.R.T. program, Savings Today And Rewards Tomorrow, and our consumer and small business product packages. Turning to Slide Seven, the company reported total net revenue in the first quarter of $4.3 billion. The growth in core revenue was driven by earning asset growth and expanding net interest margins, our fee-based businesses, growth initiatives, and acquisitions. Moving on to credit as we turn to Slide Eight, as we predicted for you last quarter, the rate of increase in net charge-offs moderated on a linked quarter basis. First quarter net charge-offs of $1,135,000,000 were 2% higher than the fourth quarter of 2009. This percentage increase was lower than the 7% increase recorded between the third and fourth quarters of last year. Non-performing assets, excluding covered assets, increased by $91 million or 2%. This percentage increase was also lower than the fourth quarter's linked quarter growth of 5%. Notably, excluding covered loans, early and late stage delinquencies in all major loan categories improved during the first quarter. This first quarter's nominal increases in net charge-offs and non-performing assets, in addition to the favorable change in early and late stage delinquencies, indicates the linearity in inflection points in credit quality. Accordingly, we expect the level of both net charge-offs and non-performing assets to be relatively stable in the second quarter. Turning to Slide Nine, you can see that as expected, given the moderating but still upward trend in both net charge-offs and non-performing assets, we increased the allowance for credit losses this quarter by recording a $175 million incremental provision for loan losses. This represented approximately 15% of the current quarters total net charge-offs of approximately $1.1 billion. This compares with an incremental provision equal to 25% of net charge-offs in the fourth quarter of 2009 and to 67% of net charge-offs in the first quarter of 2009. This incremental provision raised the companys allowance for credit losses to period end loans at March 31, excluding covered assets, to 3.2%, up from 3.04% at December 31. The ratio of allowance to non-performing loans, excluding covered assets, ended the quarter at 136%. With the expectation that the level of net charge-offs and non-performing assets will remain relatively stable during the second quarter, the amount of reserve build as a percentage of net charge-offs is also expected to decline. The following eight slides provide credit-related information about each of our major loan portfolios, and I will highlight just a few items on each. Slide 10 provides more detail on the commercial loan portfolio, which has declined from an average of over $49 billion in the first quarter of 2009 to approximately $41 billion in the first quarter of 2010, primarily due to the lower line utilization and soft demand for new loans. The net charge-off ratio on the portfolio increased to 2.41% in the first quarter, but the early and late stage delinquencies as well as the non-performing loans to total loan ratio improved on a linked quarter basis. Overall, asset quality measures are improving for the commercial loan portfolio. Slide 11 provides additional information on the commercial leasing portfolio. Delinquencies and the level of non-performing loans have stabilized in this portfolio, primarily due to the improvement in BEFG, our Business Equipment Finance Group, where losses peaked in the first half of 2009. Moving on to Slide 12 and the companys commercial real estate portfolio. Average total commercial real estate loans have increased over the past year, primarily due to the growth in CRE mortgages, or a lack of permanent financing previously available in the CMBS market, has allowed us to extend financing. Net charge-offs on the CRE mortgage portfolio remain low at 73 basis points of average loans outstanding and key credit metrics reflect stable trends. The net charge-off ratio on the commercial real estate construction portfolio, however, remains elevated. Delinquencies of that portfolio have however improved significantly year-over year, and property values are stabilizing. Turning to the residential mortgage portfolio detailed on Slide 13, the net charge-off ratio edged lower than the first quarter to 2.23% of average loans outstanding. Importantly, early and late stage delinquencies for the residential mortgage portfolio improved significantly. This improvement was seen in both the traditional branch originated portfolio and in our consumer finance group portfolio, where loans with higher LPVs and lower FICO scores reside. Our company has been actively working with mortgage customers to renegotiate loan terms since late 2007, beginning with our own modification programs and now including both the FDIC's modification program and HAMP. Since 2007, including loans serviced for others, we have modified over 33,500 residential mortgage loans, totaling approximately $5.8 billion. Slide 14 summarizes the performance of our home equity portfolio. The majority of this portfolio, 87%, was originated through our retail branch network. This traditional portfolio has performed well during this cycle, as demonstrated by the current quarter's net charge-off rate of just 1.25%. The remaining 13% of the portfolio is primarily broker-originated and is managed by the consumer finance group. Both segments contributed to the improvements in delinquencies and net charge-offs this quarter. Credit card loans are detailed on Slide 15. Average loans outstanding grew by over 20% year-over-year, but declined slightly from the fourth quarter of 2009. The net charge-off ratio during the past three quarters has been impacted by portfolio purchases made in September of last year and we have adjusted for the transactions in the chart on the right side of the slide. Similar to the other major loan categories, early and late stage delinquencies improved, while net charge-offs increased over the prior quarter, reflecting loan growth trends over the past number of quarters. Going forward, losses on the credit card portfolio are expected to stabilize, but remain elevated as long as unemployment remains high. Given the high quality of our portfolio, however, we expect to continue to perform significantly better than the industry average. Slide 16 provides additional detail on the retail leasing portfolio. Net charge-offs and delinquencies have significantly improved since the first quarter of 2009, as better used car prices have significantly reduced end-of-term valuation and credit losses. Finally, Slide 17 summarizes the credit information on the other retail loan portfolios, a breakdown by product of which is provided in the pie chart on the right. Early and late stage delinquencies improved in the first quarter, while net charge-offs remained stable. Similar to retail leasing, the auto loan portfolio loss rate improved as used car prices rebounded from their lows. I will now turn the call over to Andy.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Richard. I will take just a few minutes to provide you with more details about the results. I turn your attention to Slide 18, which gives a full view of our first quarter 2010 results compared to those reported for the fourth and first quarters of 2009. Earnings per diluted common share were $0.34 for the first quarter of 2010, $0.04 higher than the prior quarter and $0.10 higher than the first quarter of 2009. The key drivers for the company's first quarter results are detailed on Slide 19. The $140 million or 26.5% increase in net income year-over-year was the result of an 11.3% increase in net revenue, driven by a 14.7% increase in net interest income, and a 7.3% increase in non-interest income. This favorable change in total revenue was partially offset by a 14.2% increase in non-interest expense. Provision for credit losses in the first quarter were slightly lower than prior year's quarter, as the $347 million increase in net charge-offs was more than offset by a decrease of $355 million in incremental provision, as the need for additional reserves declined. Net income was $67 million or 11.1% higher on a linked quarter basis. Seasonally lower net revenue was offset by lower operating expenses and again, a favorable variance in the provision for credit losses. A summary of the significant items that impact the comparison of our first quarter results to prior periods are detailed on Slide 20. The two significant items in the first quarter of 2010 were the net securities losses of $34 million, primarily representing impairment on our SIV exposure, and provision in excess of net charge-offs of $175 million. Note that the first quarter of 2009 included a $92 million on a corporate real estate transaction, which impacts the year-over-year comparisons of the other income line. Turning to Slide 21, net interest income increased year-over-year by $308 million or 14.7%, primarily due to a $13.5 billion increase in average earning assets, $13.3 billion of which was acquisition related. Net interest margin was 31 basis points higher than the first quarter of 2009, primarily due to our ability to replace wholesale funding with low cost deposits and achieve overall lower funding costs. On a linked quarter basis, net interest income was higher by $43 million, primarily due to a $3.4 billion increase in earnings assets, which was acquisition-related, and a seven basis point increase in net interest margin. The net interest margin improved due to the change in mix between wholesale funding and low cost deposits, and overall lower funding costs. Assuming the current rate environment and yield curve, we expect the net interest margin to decrease modestly to the mid 380s in the second quarter of 2010, due to the impact of recent legislation on our credit card portfolio yield. Slide 22 provides additional detail on our growth in average earning assets this quarter. Year-over-year, average total loans grew by 3.9%. Excluding acquisitions, average loans declined by 2.9%. Average investment securities increased by $3.9 billion or 9.2%. Linked quarter average total loans grew by approximately $1.3 billion, again, due to the acquisitions, while average investment securities rose by $2.1 billion or 4.7%. Slide 23 breaks down the growth in average total loans by category. Looking at the chart on the left, you can see that the decrease in total average loans, excluding acquisitions, was essentially due to the 15.8% drop in average commercial loans, as retail residential mortgage and commercial real estate were all higher on a year-over-year basis. The majority of the loans related to the FBOP and Downey/PFF acquisitions were reported as covered loans and the $10 billion year-over-year increase was due to the acquisition of the banking operations of FBOP Corporation. On a linked quarter basis, the decline in average loans, excluding acquisitions, was again driven by the decrease in commercial loans, partially offset by increases in commercial mortgages, residential mortgages, and other retail lending. Moving to Slide 24, you can see the very favorable growth in low cost deposits over the past five quarters. Average total deposits grew by $22 billion or 13.7% year-over-year, partially due to acquisitions. Importantly, low cost core deposits, non-interest bearing interest checking, money market and savings, excluding acquisitions, grew by 23.5%. This growth reduced the need for wholesale CD and foreign branch time funding, contributing to the net interest margin expansion. On a linked quarter basis, average deposits, excluding acquisitions, declined slightly, principally due to lower non-interest bearing account balances in the corporate trust and wholesale banking divisions. Slide 25 presents in more detail the changes in non-interest income on a year-over-year and linked quarter basis. Non-interest income in the first quarter of 2010 was higher by $130 million or 7.3% for the first quarter of 2009. Excluding the $72 million favorable change in significant items, non-interest income was higher by 3.1%. This positive variance was driven by a 7.5% growth of payment-related revenue, 24.8% growth in commercial product revenue, illustrating the success of recent investments and growth initiatives, and higher other revenues due to a lower end-of-term lease residual valuation losses. These favorable variances were partially offset by a decline in mortgage banking revenue, which was $33 million lower than the first quarter of 2009, principally due to a 33% reduction in production volume, partially offset by higher servicing revenue and a favorable change in the MSR valuation and related cash. On a linked quarter basis, non-interest income was lower by $98 million, reflecting the fact that the first quarter of the year is the weakest revenue quarter for our company. Excluding the $124 million favorable change in significant items, non-interest income was lower than the prior quarter by 10.2%, and was driven by seasonally-lower payment revenue, and deposit service charges, which declined by 4% and 13% respectively, an $18 million reduction in mortgage banking revenue, primarily due to a 19% reduction in production volume, partially offset by favorable variances in servicing revenue and MSR valuation-related hedge, lower commercial products revenue and trust and investor management fees, which declined by 13% and 5% respectively, and finally, a decline in other revenue due to the fourth quarter 2009 contract termination gain, and an unfavorable change in the term valuation losses. Our positions have a minimal impact in the variance in fee revenue on a year-over-year or linked quarter basis. Finally, on Slide 26, we have provided highlights on non-interest expense, which was higher year-over-year by $265 million or 14%. The majority of the increase can be attributed to acquisitions, which accounted for $121 million of the increase; higher costs related to investments and tax advantage projects, which accounted for $42 million of the increase; FDIC insurance expense in the first quarter of 2009, we used the last of our four credits; and other loan expense primarily to costs associated with other real estate owned. On a linked quarter basis, non-interest expense was lower by $92 million or 4.1%, the net result of lower costs related to investments and tax advantage projects, which accounted for $58 million of the decrease. A decrease in marketing and business development expense, which declined by $45 million, and seasonally-lower legal and professional services expense, partially offset by higher compensation and benefits related to incentive accruals, and the seasonally higher payroll taxes. And finally, acquisitions, which increased by $53 million. Finally, the tax rate on a taxable equivalent basis was approximately 24% in the first quarter of 2010. As you turn to Slide 28, I will turn the call back to Richard.
Richard Davis: Thank you, Andy. Our company's first quarter results once again demonstrated the strength of our franchise and the advantages of our diversified business mix. We posted strong year-over-year revenue growth, maintained our industry leading efficiency, and we achieved linked quarter operating leverage, and we saw a reduction in credit costs for the second consecutive quarter. We continue to lend, gather core deposits and expand our banking franchise. We remain profitable, generating significant capital and strengthening our already solid capital and liquidity position. We are well positioned to capitalize on the economic recovery, as we continue to enjoy the benefits of the flight to quality, and we continue to invest in organic initiatives, M&A, and joint ventures and those investments including hiring the best employees and developing and empowering our leaders. We will continue to optimistically acquire and we benefit from core businesses that are scalable and can leverage as the economy recovers. We are more than just a traditional bank, dependent on loans, deposits, and a favorable interest environment to grow. We also bring so much more to the table with our breadth and scope of our franchise and product offerings, including global payment capabilities for our wholesale and retail customers, corporate trust offices and more. It is this diversification of products and services, in addition to our prudent risk management, that has allowed us to continue to grow profitably during the past very challenging two years. The financial services industry continues to face an uncertain economy, regulatory and legislative environment. The world has changed, and there is much more to come. We are actively participating in the dialog to ensure that the financial services industry and U.S. Bancorp play a vital role in the economic reform and the recovery. Our company is confident and focused on the future. We know that the momentum we have created has positioned U.S. Bancorp well to grow and prosper for the benefit of our customers, our employees, our communities, and importantly, our shareholders. That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Bill Parker, and I will now be happy to answer questions from our audience.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And our first question comes from the line of Matthew O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead with your question.
Richard Davis: Good morning.
Matthew O'Connor  Deutsche Bank: Hey, guys. Could you just talk a little bit about the revenue outlook and ability to capitalize on banks pulling out or cutting back on a number of product areas? We are seeing card home equity, CRE, a number of the big banks pulling back there. And you guys, you know, generally been gaining share, I guess, you know, we are always looking for more and wondering how much we will see in the near term here.
Richard Davis: Thanks, Matt. This is Richard. I think we are actually continuing to see robust forecast in that area. We are benefiting from flight to quality, and at the same time we know we have taken the measures to improve our corporate bank capability to be fully capable of not outsourcing any activities from anything from syndications to high quality bond businesses to eventually municipal bonds and things like that. So I think our timing is perfect to step into places where some of the companies have either backed down or actually exited. As a result, we are also getting more non-lending business that comes with it, because as you come into a deal, or a client says I need you to now be part of my syndication and if you are willing to be the last in, they are more often than not willing to let you have other business along with that. So we are enjoying the benefits of the payments and the trust along with this classic balance sheet banking and I think our timing is actually quite good. And to answer your question specifically, it is actually building momentum. So I think we will continue to see our books strengthen with new customers as well as the ones we have continuing to deal with this downturn pretty successfully.
Matthew O'Connor  Deutsche Bank: And on the lending side specifically, obviously there is two factors going on here, there is the market share gains and just the weak demand. But when do you think we will actually start to see some net loan growth for you guys?
Richard Davis: Yes, I don't think it is for a little while longer. You know, I might be a little less robust in my forecasting for the current economic situation, but lastly, housing prices are at record lows and they are staying there. And unemployment is at record highs and it is staying there. And our customers are a reflection of that world, and until we see either or both of those starting to move in positive directions, which eventually they both will, we are going to be likely to see our customers continue to withhold using the lines of credit they have already been extended and certainly new customers are not jumping in for large capital expenditures or big hiring activities. At the very early part of the cycle, we are starting to see more M&A, more IPOs, more interest as the early stream of companies starting to get healthier, but those are not the systemically core activities that cause long-term organic growth and we are not seeing that kind of activity yet in the actions of our customers. So I must say a couple of quarters till you see a real strengthening of core earnings up based on loan growth and not just from line usage, but from people coming back into the game.
Matthew O'Connor  Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you very much.
Richard Davis: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of John McDonald with Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead with your question.
Richard Davis: Hi, John.
John McDonald  Sanford Bernstein: Yes, hi, good morning. I wonder if you could comment a little bit on credit. Other banks are showing declines in their charge-offs and NPAs and are starting to draw down reserves. Obviously, every bank is different. Just wondering what is your sense of why you are a little different there, maybe a function of how bad things got for other banks or a loan mix, comment on that?
Richard Davis: Sure. Thanks, John. I will go first. I will have Bill follow-up. I have got to say I am actually quite surprised by the number of banks that have chosen to go from adding to reserves to not even meeting them but going to a recovery of reserves. So, I can't speak to their modeling, but I am surprised. I think we are all in the same environment and for me, until you get to a place where you are really sure that things are getting better, I think it is prudent to continue to have strong reserves for loan losses that you have yet to happen. So in our case, and I will speak just to us, we feel that while we are getting very close to that flattening point where loan losses, charge-offs, and NPAs are flat, which then portends that we can bring down reserve builds and eventually maybe bring them to equal, I don't see a time when reserve recovery is part of our future. I have said before, this management team is doing its best to make its estimates on where the loans will end up, where the losses will be, and where we want to have the cushion to go into the next cycle. I want this to be a fortressed balance sheet and the way we see it is we are continuing to appropriately do the math and the prediction to say we need to continue to strengthen our reserves for the future. Now, if there is an amazing recovery with both a speed and a slope that I don't expect, then perhaps we will get to that point, where one day we will be able to recapture some reserves, but we are not intending to do that. We think we are putting in our best dollar, hoping that it is the right amount, and giving us at least a prudent position to start the next cycle with a very strong balance sheet. So, speaking less for them and more for us, but I must say I am surprised as to how many people went back quickly to equal and then recovery is a surprise to me. And Bill, you want to speak to our details.
Bill Parker: Hi, John, it is Bill. Just one  I mean you mentioned the fact that you know our loss rates are significantly lower than most of our peers and I think that is part of it. I mean, we have gone up last  you know, looks now we are stabilizing. So we will start hopefully to be coming down soon, but we are not coming off of those very high peaks that some of our peers are.
John McDonald  Sanford Bernstein: Okay. And then, a question on regulatory reform. Richard, what are the biggest issues for you guys in your business model, where do you have the strongest views? And then also, Andy mentioned the impact to the margin for the card legislation. If you could just remind us the totality of the impact of card legislation and Reg E as best you guys can tell?
Richard Davis: Okay. I will go first. I am actually very concerned about the pending reforms that are about, I think they are imminent in the next probably few weeks and I concern myself for a couple of reasons. One is, we are building these solutions at a time when everyone is very stressed and concerned and these will be, you know, decades kind of decision, so we better be careful and make sure that we get it right. I am all for consumer protections being strengthened, I am all for line down authority and the systemic importance of companies that we cannot have the taxpayer's bill at anybody again. I am all for all of that. If I had one thing to put at the very top of the list, it is to protect preemption. And let me just say very clearly, this is not a help the banks to protect themselves, it has nothing to do with that. Preemption is a situation that allows banks to provide products to our customers and they don't have to worry about whether they work in different states in different ways. It is a chance to say that if there is something in the state that they dont like, the current rules allow them to challenge that and protect their state customers or their state citizens. But right now to change the preemption, to allow the states to have a providing overriding view of whether or not things are safe for their customers, will create an amazing amount of confusion for both us and for them and I have to say, John, it will reduce the number of products that are available. So we are substantially aligned, most of us are with virtually all of the things that you are seeing in Reg reform, but there are some nuances, not the least of which is the concern for loss of national uniform standards of preemption and the concern that we don't have a circumstance where the pre-funding of losses or the slush fund or whatever you want to call it is burdened by some of those many of us who actually would never intend to use it and perhaps are being taxed some form of a levy, that isn't really fair. So we will limit our issues on those couple of points, because I think otherwise, why wouldn't we want the stronger protections, why wouldn't we want the non-banks to finally have the same oversight we have all enjoyed and why wouldn't we want to be assured that our industry is stronger going into this next time, where the taxpayers will feel a sense of confidence and the shareholders will feel a better sense of confirmation in the stability of our industry and so I welcome the majority of them, but I do worry about preemption and I do think that a back paying tax of any sort is unfair.
Andy Cecere: And John, from a dollars perspective, the card act legislation will cost us about $100 million in 2010. It started in the middle of the first quarter and will continue throughout the remainder of the year. The overdraft legislation in addition to some of the changes that we made, will cost us $200 million to $300 million in 2010, impacting us most specifically in the second through fourth quarters and that is principally in fee income.
John McDonald  Sanford Bernstein: And the card legislation is a mix, Andy, of the NIM and the fee?
Andy Cecere: It is a mix, John, but it is more heavily weighted towards the margin component.
Richard Davis: And John, let me remind you as well as the audience, in the beginning of this month, we started our migration towards new overdraft and NSF fees. We actually made some changes in the first quarter, we made more on April 1, where we started to limit the number and dollar amount of overdraft, and then, at the end of June or July 1 and August 15 with the new fed rules, we will be prepared to move into the final stage. So you will see some disruption in run rate or linked quarter impacts in quarter two versus quarter one. You saw a little bit in quarter one versus quarter four and then when we get to the run rate in the second half, we will have a better sense of how those customer behaviors will play out. I will repeat what I said 90 days ago and that is, we have, I think the luxury and I think the prudence to not force customers into a decision. We are going to watch and check their behavior, we are doing a fairly good job of serving their interest now, and we will create an outcome that allows them to pick how they want to deal with their banking relationships and we will be very smart to watch what the other actions in the community of banks do, and then responds to the best and most favored treatment. We are lucky enough that we have that luxury of time and I believe waiting to see what the right answer will be. But you will see negative biases kind of linked quarter for the next couple, as it relates to overdraft and in NSF fees.
John McDonald  Sanford Bernstein:  (inaudible) either of those pieces of legislation or regulation affecting your payments businesses in either a positive or a negative way?
Richard Davis: You know, that is a great question. We are, actually, that is part of our study of customers and merchants to find out how they feel about if customers are going to be, let's say they dont opt in, and there is a significant higher level denial at point of sale, how do the merchants want to step in? Will they step in for their best customers or will they suffer a certain level of breakage that they haven't experienced before? I think as Andy discussed, slight negative bias because less things will be transacted until people figure out how they want to operate their checking account, but I don't think its a very significant one and we haven't placed any dollar financial detriment to it at all in the future. And as we learn more, we will telegraph that. We don't see that as a problem yet.
John McDonald  Sanford Bernstein: Okay, thanks guys.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, john.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets.
Richard Davis: Hi, Jon.
Jon Arfstrom  RBC Capital Markets: Good morning. A couple of questions for Bill. You talked a little bit about how the modification for residential and card customers, you expect that growth trend to continue and can you talk a little bit about which part of the business is driving it, and if you are seeing any light at the end of the tunnel?
Bill Parker: You are talking about residential modifications?
Jon Arfstrom  RBC Capital Markets: Yes.
Bill Parker: Yes, I mean, that is both in our finance company and our home mortgage company that originates more of the Freddie-Fannie products. And we did about $1 billion dollars total HAMP in the first quarter. About 250 of that was on balance sheet, mostly in our finance company. We expect that number to be about the same in the second quarter, but theres already some of it and so we are working through the pipeline and that number should start to decline.
Jon Arfstrom  RBC Capital Markets: And then the other question, provision was up in the wholesale business a bit.
Bill Parker: Yes.
Jon Arfstrom  RBC Capital Markets: Can you talk a little bit about what drove that?
Bill Parker: Well, there is a little bit of lumpiness in some of our more leveraged portfolios, but other aspects of the overall portfolio of the middle market corporate book and we are actually showing improving quality trends, but we did have a couple of larger charge-offs in the quarter.
Jon Arfstrom  RBC Capital Markets: No real trends to speak of?
Bill Parker: No.
Jon Arfstrom  RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Paul Miller with FBR Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your question.
Paul Miller  FBR Capital Markets: Well, thank you very much. Can you talk about the loan pricing out there? I mean, some banks are out there saying utilization rates are increasing and you say they are relatively flat. But are you seeing an overheating and pricing cap rates dropping?
Richard Davis: Well, I will tell you what, we still do see the demand coming down. So I am surprised you are seeing that otherwise. Well, I will tell you what, we are saying is, there is the market has become more balanced, and I think, first and foremost, while the banks are getting paid for risk premiums, the people expect us to charge for that. Customers want a traditional bank, the alternatives are lesser than they used to be. So the margins are stronger than they were and I think there will be moments in time when depending on who is in the market, if you are in a community market or if you are in a large market depending on who might be a more aggressive player, you can see unrealistic prices like we saw a few years ago. So for all intents and purposes, we are seeing a nice kind of a firming up of reasonable and rational pricing in most of the banks that we compete with seem to be taking that at the same measured approach that I would expect, and you might mention that on the margin side.
Andy Cecere: Right, so Paul, you know, we continue to see that the loans that are renewing and new bookings are at a bit of a better margin than what is rolling off. So that phenomenon has been occurring for the last four or five quarters. You know, I don't think it is going to continue to be at the same levels, but firming up of loan pricing, I think is one of the factors in our improvement in our net interest margin in addition to our lower cost funding. The other thing I would highlight is that we are seeing utilization down a bit. You know, there is 30% on average for the fourth quarter. There was 28% on average for the first quarter of this year and when you compare that to a year ago, that was 37%. So, it continues to fall, albeit at a slower level.
Paul Miller  FBR Capital Markets: Is there any other  is there some regions doing better than others in their loan pricing and utilization, or are they pretty much across your footprint?
Andy Cecere: I don't think there is a significant geographic difference.
Richard Davis: No.
Paul Miller  FBR Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much, gentlemen.
Andy Cecere: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Heather Wolf with UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
Heather Wolf  UBS: Hi, good morning. Just a couple of more follow-ups on the modifications. First, can you talk a little bit about the sort of inflows and outflows to that $1.6 billion that you are showing on Slide 13, and can you also talk about re-default rates and where you see those going?
Bill Parker: Let me talk about re-default rates first. I mean, there is a couple of different ways to measure it. There is industry data, which looks at 12 months out and so few payment delinquencies 12 months out, that is we are at 30% and industry is at about 40%. And then we also look at, you know, those that ultimately go to foreclosure, and for that, our rate is about 20% for the overall residential mortgage portfolio. So those are a couple of statistics on the restructured loans. And again what I talked about on residential mortgages is that the on balance sheet we did about $250 million of HAMP in the first quarter. We expect a similar amount in the second quarter, but there are signs that that dollar amount is already declining, it may have already peaked.
Heather Wolf  UBS: And were there any outflows or do you follow the once a TDR, always a TDR accounting?
Bill Parker: Yes, once it is a TDR, it is always a TDR.
Heather Wolf  UBS: Okay. And one last question. Of this $1.6 billion, is any of this covered by your loss sharing? Are any of the potential re-defaults covered by loss sharing?
Bill Parker: Not in these statistics here. No, that would the Downey portfolio, which is under the covered asset section.
Heather Wolf  UBS: Okay. So this is just modifications on your book?
Bill Parker: Yes.
Heather Wolf  UBS:
 :
Richard Davis: Thanks, Heather.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Ian Forsyth  Bank of America: Hey, guys, it is actually Ian Forsyth [ph] for Ken. How is it going?
Richard Davis: Good morning.
Ian Forsyth  Bank of America: Quick question. I wanted to dive into the fee items a little bit and kind of just talk to outside of some of the seasonality, what kind of areas came in stronger or weaker than you would have expected?
Andy Cecere: This is Andy. So, the particular area of strength was our payments group. We saw our payments in total go up 7.5% versus a year ago. Categories like merchant processing versus a year ago was up over 13%. We saw same-store sales increase 3.3%. So I think that is a reflection of us continuing to gain share and strength across all those categories. Commercial products year-over-year was up. That is again a function of us building the businesses that we have been talking about in the wholesale and corporate banking group, and those are areas of strength. You know, seasonally the first quarter versus the fourth quarter is lower, really across almost every category, probably $75 million to $100 million. So we would expect the decline in the first quarter that we saw. In addition, mortgage production is down a bit. You know, last year, we had a production level of about $13 billion in the first quarter, this year it was just about $9 billion. So that is another key factor in the year-over-year results.
Ian Forsyth  Bank of America: Thanks, guys.
Richard Davis: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Chris Whalen with IRA. Please go ahead with your question.
Chris Whalen  IRA: Good morning, guys. Nice quarter.
Richard Davis: Thank you.
Chris Whalen  IRA: Richard, how much of your growth is coming from taking share as opposed to the economy recovering? I mean, I am not so much looking for statistics as just as gut.
Richard Davis: My guess is 50-50. We have worked really hard when basically no one was really paying attention in the last two years, re-crafting this whole company's ability to work with customers at a deeper level, build a full-on first class corporate bank across the nation not across the footprint, reconstruct our wealth management. Chris, all the things that I will be able to talk about in a couple of years and describe to you all why we came out of this so much stronger, but at this early stage, for all of them, they are demonstrating a high performance and we are still really lucky. I mean, this company has benefited from the relative outcome of a negative environment, we could have changed on our own anyway. And so we are taking advantage of it. We have got a lot of higher quality people that we have brought into these new business lines. We have changed the culture to deal more with relationships than individual transactions. And I will tell you, those are the things that are probably 50% of our strength right now and what I like about that the most is when I got to bed tonight, I am going to know that it is the reason we are going to be so much stronger in the future, it is not a one quarter event. It is a momentum toward an entirely new kind of a run rate. And then the last piece that I said in my prepared comments but I want to put it in my own words again, this is a big deal to be a company that doesn't rely just on the balance sheet. I think in the near term, at least probably in the next few years, lending overall will be slightly depressed. The deposit gathering will be probably slightly more positive and margins overall will probably firm up, but they will move around as well with rates moving up and down. I love the fact that we have got this other diversified earnings stream in the trust and the payments businesses that they are not countercyclical, but they are definitely not aligned exactly with the behaviors of balance sheets, and I think that is going to portend as the recovery gets kind of an extra cylinder that give this company a stronger future going out.
Chris Whalen  IRA: Just to follow up on that, in terms of interest rates, if we are at the peak or we hope we were at the peak in terms of credit loss, what do you see in terms of the evolution of NIM going forward? And particularly, you know, a lot of institutions, as I think we are all aware, are wide open right now, trying to maximize net interest margin. How would you guys look at the interest rate risk environment in terms of re-pricing your liabilities and the attitude of customers in terms of yield, because they have all been starved to death by the Fed and as soon as the funds are able to offer them another quarter of a point, how do you think that is going to affect your stability in terms of both core and more volatile liabilities?
Andy Cecere: Chris, this is Andy. You know, we have been positioning our balance sheet. We never really positioned it significantly, assuming rates will go a certain way. We are always fairly neutral, but we have moved to the asset sensitive and we continue to position that way. So what that means is, for example, the securities portfolio, our purchases are more floaters than fixed, give up a little bit of yield in the short term, but I think we position ourselves appropriately for the long-term and that is the way we are thinking about it.
Chris Whalen  IRA: Thank you, guys.
Richard Davis: This is Richard. As you recall, a few years ago, we were starved on interest margin and protecting (inaudible) our deposit rates were at the very low, probably the low decile, and in the past couple of years, we have found ourselves now above the median and competing, not just  we are not losing on price, we are not competing on quality, and we have got price as a non-issue. That is a pretty big deal and this company is constructed the way we run it now, to be able to move lock steps with great changes and not need to withhold those benefits when they come along. We are going to get the benefit on the lending side, we will give it on the deposit side. We have come to learn that you don't build a bank without getting new customers. You start most often with the deposit and then you have a fighting chance to work with them with a relationship and that is another one of those underlying benefits that we have built over the last couple of years that I think will show themselves in the next couple of years.
Chris Whalen  IRA: Excellent. Thank you, guys.
Andy Cecere: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Nancy Bush with NAB Research LLC. Please go ahead with your question.
Nancy Bush  NAB Research LLC: Good morning. Quick question on commercial real estate and your outlook on credit quality there, and I am talking about non-residential development CRE. Because there have been many predictions of disaster, you know, this is a lagging indicator, et cetera, et cetera. Could you just talk about that? We haven't really had a disaster in non-residential CRE and can you just talk about why not, why the predictions have been so wrong?
Bill Parker: I will go ahead. This is Bill. You know, if you go back to the early nineties cycle, that was one where there was really massive overbuilding and in this cycle, it is really more of a demand issue. You know, and I do think in general, underwriting was better than it was in the early nineties cycle. In our particular portfolio, you know, we have seen stress on some of the construction portfolio as it came online, you know some of the certain office retail and some of the really soft southwest market, but the permanent, the mortgage portfolio, the diversified  you know, our biggest asset class is affordable housing, you know, that has been less impacted by some of this downturn. You know, I think there is enough, we have already seen value starting to stabilize and we have recourse on our facility. So I don't view this as being that Armageddon scenario that some have predicted. And, you know, I think we will just  it is going to be soft for, probably 18 months, but I think it is fairly stable.
Nancy Bush  NAB Research LLC: Richard, a question for you. There has been a great deal of speculation about USB's possible entry into the southeast and you know, is that a geographic region that where you absolutely have to be, could you do that through an FDIC-assisted deal, you know, which didnt give you huge presence in the region, and then build upon that? Could you just talk about your appetite for sort of doing a non-contiguous acquisition?
Richard Davis: Right, thank you. The question was asked perfectly. Very low appetite for a non-transformational deal out of market, or the opposite of that is, I would only go out of market for transformational deal. We really aren't blaming our customers uninterested in banking with us because we are not in the 26 states that we don't currently have a retail presence. As you know, Nancy, we have made a commitment to get stronger and deeper in the 24 states we are and FDIC transactions are built perfectly for that and we will look forward to having more opportunities. If we were to go on a state, contiguous or jumping state, there would have to be a substantial transaction limit, number one. Everybody would say, wow, that makes so much sense. Number two, it would be a price point that has to make sense and good for our shareholders and we both know it would have to be a capital rate activity that we would only do if it was so reasonable and so useful to the company's future that it made sense. So we have to hit all those hurdles, and if it isn't going to be transformational, we don't see a need to do out of market in order to be successful in the next decade, we just, it will be an opportunity missed that we didn't pursue it, but I don't know if that is ever going to come across. So we are more than happy to be focused on organic growth and old fashioned quarter-by-quarter business that I think we are starting to demonstrate.
Nancy Bush  NAB Research LLC: Thank you.
Richard Davis: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Chris Kotowski with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead with your question.
Chris Kotowski  Oppenheimer: I just want to go back to the slide on page 10 about the utilization rate and how it keeps going down. I would have thought, or one would have hypothesized that normally that line utilization should be tied to retail sales, inventory, receivables, and so on. Or I would say inventories and receivables and those should in theory be going up with an economic rebound and can you explain the disconnect?
Bill Parker: Yes, this is Bill. I mean, what we have seen really starting late last quarter is corporate America middle market companies are  they have downsized very effectively in reducing their costs, primarily through job layoffs, but they are generating a lot of cash. So the fact that there was inventory build-up occurring here in the first quarter, they had not needed traditional bank sources of funding. So the companies that we deal with, they are very flush and they are waiting for clear signs of that economic recovery.
Richard Davis: I will tell you what, I mean, you think about it, these businesses in America have figured out an entirely new level of productivity and efficiency, and I think we all surprised ourselves. This bank is one of those. I mean, we took a 5% expense reduction last February across the board to protect jobs and to protect our future and we did that because the world was different and we all surprised ourselves. Our customers are saying I did this for a couple of quarters and Ill be darned, I can actually be more efficient I can get along a little further than I thought. So they are very hesitant to turn back on the spigot and start spending money unless they are absolutely sure they see it. And in many recoveries past, I believe that businesses went first and followed by customers and consumers who followed them because the products were there and all of a sudden, the world got better. I think it is reverse this time, they are waiting for the consumers to move to consume their products, after which point it is undeniable because they are ready and waiting and then the inventories are too low and then and only then they will pop. So I am believing that we are in a new paradigm, where the recovery will be in part a bit different than it has in the past and probably slower based on the prudence of businesses that have learnt to be very efficient, and efficiently, they will just say, look I have got to spend money, but boy, our utilization rate is the best proxy for that, because they have got the loans, they have got it probably preferred rates, they are our best customers, and they are still paying it down until which time they don't need it. Secondly, we will be the best first to see it, because our cash balances, as they are rich with cash, we are holding it. And so we will be able to see them move from cash balances down first. Second is the actual use of our credit. So there are actually two steps to occur and we haven't seen the cash balances starting to fall either. So I think that is why I answered the question earlier that it is a few quarters out until we see it show up on the bank's balance sheet as a loan.
Chris Kotowski  Oppenheimer: Okay. And then, you know, I guess my second sort of big picture question is that I have seen the interest rate disclosure in your 10-K, but I guess I still think, you know, when I look at a company like yours with so much in core deposits on the right hand side and so much in what should theoretically be variable rate loans on the left hand side, you know, one would think that you would really be fairly dramatically asset-sensitive. And, you know, yours is a company that used to have a 425 to 450 basis point margin. And is there something structurally different in the world now that in a higher rate environment, generally would prevent you from getting back to that kind of level, a few years down the line, and say in a environment where rates are 200, 300, 400 basis points higher over time?
Andy Cecere: This is Andy. We try to manage the balance sheet, so we are not dramatically anything and we try to keep it fairly neutral. We are asset sensitive a little bit as we talked about. There are a lot of mechanisms that you can use to manage the balance sheet rate sensitivity and I am very comfortable with the disclosures we have in terms of our positioning should rates rise.
Analyst: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with your question.
Andy Cecere: Good morning.
Matt Burnell  Wells Fargo: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just to confirm  just a administrative question on the net interest margin, the increase in the net interest margin and forgive me if you've already covered this, was up about seven basis points over the quarter. That seem to be largely due to the consolidation of assets on the balance sheet and that's one of the reasons why you are targeting somewhat lower net interest margin in the second quarter?
Andy Cecere: Matt. That didnt really have a large impact. The principal reason for the improvement was a little bit on the wholesale  on the funding cost, a little bit of mixed funding, move towards core deposits and a little bit on the loan re-pricing that we talked about. Those are the key factors. The principal reason that we are expecting little bit of a decline in net interest margin really relates to card debt and some of the legislative changes around that and that's the reason for the low-to-mid 380s.
Matt Burnell  Wells Fargo: Okay. Can you give us the amount of the reps and warranties expense in the quarter?
Andy Cecere: The reps and warranties expense?
Matt Burnell  Wells Fargo: In terms of mortgages that have been put back to you by the GSES or other parties?
Andy Cecere: Thank you, Matt. That's insignificant for us. We've had a very good origination process. We are very good at dotting the Is and crossing the Ts and that is just not been a significant issue for us. Thanks.
Matt Burnell  Wells Fargo: Okay. And then one last question, I guess related to Nancy's question on acquisitions, but at a somewhat different take. Given the landscape has, really, for, in consumer finance rather than traditional mortgage landing. I've got to think the events over the past couple of years have made that market much more wide open for competitors such as U.S. Bank. Is there any appetite in here for you to purchase, perhaps some consumer-oriented finance franchise rather than bank, at this point given the somewhat lower competitive pressures in that business?
Andy Cecere: No. The answer is no. Couple of reasons, Matt, we have our wholly owned finance company in the bank that we started in 1993. Actually I was part of that, its the old Star Bank and we have a very broad network of correspondence and brokers that we've worked with now for almost 20 years. We could turn that volume up in a second if we want to and as you know our credit in that portfolio is less quality than the bank that was much better, I said, is more like a near prime kind of business. So we don't have any interest in playing another avenue. I certainly wouldn't do a branch network. We actually had one years ago and closed down because it's not conducive for those kinds of customers. Your branch is really your best place for deposit gathering. So, I think if we wanted to turn on the spigot for consumer finance, you wouldn't believe how much we could do. So what little we are doing is a reflection of our fact that we only want to do is with the really finest people, we need to do -- a lot of it originated through our customers and be very prudent about how we deal with that side. And what you see will probably grow over time, but we are not going to take advantage. And I do think, by the way you are on to something, and that is that as the world starts to evaluate these consumers and small businesses that have failed, who is going to be the first to say, I will look the other way and bring back to a credit, and it isn't going be up. So if someones going to do that, they are going to say, I will waive the bankruptcy, I won't make you go years, remember our parents used to tell, watch your credit history, its your whole reputation. I am sad to say, I think one of the first things we see is people jumping back in and allowing failed clients to get back in and to meet us, that's a mistake. But we will be very careful and you won't see that move much more than increments over quarters.
Matt Burnell  Wells Fargo: Thank you very much.
Andy Cecere: Yes.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Moshe Orenbuch, Credit Suisse.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Moshe.
Moshe Orenbuch  Credit Suisse: Good morning.
Operator: Okay. I'm showing that he has withdrawn his question. And our next question comes from the line of Chris Mutascio with Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead with your question.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Chris.
Chris Mutascio - Stifel Nicolaus: Hello.
Andy Cecere: Hi Chris.
Chris Mutascio  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Andy, most of my question have been asked and answered. But I've done a remarkably poor job in forecasting your other fee income line item, it bounces around a lot. I know in the release you talked about three things. One was the payments related gain in the fourth quarter. I think you talked about the low equity investment income and impact of retail lease residual valuation losses that have changed between fourth quarter and first quarter. Can you go over those swings with me on those three individual line items?
Andy Cecere: Sure. Chris, so in the fourth quarter of 2009, we had payments related gain about $30 million that was  more about one-time event, not repeated in the first quarter. The equity gains  we have an equity investment portfolio, BMB [ph]. That was down a little bit quarter-over-quarter, under 10 or $15 million. And finally in the lease residual category, we continue to see improvement. The improvement in the fourth quarter was more dramatic in terms of auto prices and so we had a little bit more positive fourth quarter than the first quarter and that was the other factor. You could take those things out, it was fairly stable, but those are three, sort of unique events that impact other revenue.
Chris Mutascio  Stifel Nicolaus: The 135 or so, in terms of $135 million in the quarter. For the other, kind of the income line items, is that a decent -- I know it's lumpy but is that kind of a decent run rate to look forward going in subsequent quarters?
Andy Cecere: There is nothing unusual. Let me say it this way, there is nothing usual.
Chris Mutascio  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. All right, thank you very much.
Andy Cecere: Yeah.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Meredith Whitney with Meredith Whitney Advisory Group. Please go ahead with your question.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Meredith.
Meredith Whitney  Meredith Whitney Advisory Group: Good morning. How are you?
Andy Cecere: Good morning.
Meredith Whitney  Meredith Whitney Advisory Group: I wanted to take the opportunity, because lot of good questions has been asked. But to get more of a landscape type feel, because you see so much the consumer and the consumer activities and small business activity. There have been some mixed messages so far from the companies that have reported, in terms of where spending has come from and some retail sales numbers, it looks like, all but Wal-Mart, spending is coming from everywhere. If you take out gas, can you bifurcate the consumer because it seems as if the lower end still has less access to credit and shouldn't be spending that much. It's all driven by the high end or could you just add some color to that, and I have a follow-up, please?
Richard Davis: Yeah. I'll start and then let Andy pick it up. We do have a great view of the world at least to retail consumer world. Our merchant acquiring portfolio is like a third airlines, a third hoteliers and a third retail and our credit card business is pretty robust. So what we are seeing is a lot more activity in the debit card, not credit. It makes sense, right. They are using money that have and youve all seen how consumers have gotten more prudent. And we have seen on a year-over-year basis in our merchant acquiring areas, a 13% increase, quarter one last year to quarter one this year. Thats a nice spread between travels and retail activities but those are primarily the first large signs of quarter  year-over-year quarter-to-quarter growth we have seen and its primarily found and demonstrated in the debit side. So we are also seeing consistency in people not using their credit card. Andy you might want to pick up on corporate cards, are also very strong. The government have now reported spending their budget and the money is being spent as we predicted but the credit activities are still going to be slow and I think you will see NSFOD [ph] reflect some of that lesser buying as well.
Andy Cecere: Right. Thats right, Richard. We had our corporate card activity increase principally due to government spend. Same store sales again 3% up year-over-year. That compares to 3% down in the fourth quarter. So we are seeing some improvement there and I would say that improvement, Meredith, it was rather broad based. It was both domestic and international in our merchant acquiring portfolio in Europe and across most categories. So not a significant upward tick but across the board, everything was a little bit more positive.
Meredith Whitney  Meredith Whitney Advisory Group: Theoretically, those that have less in their savings account or checking accounts can spend less. So there should be a natural divide towards the higher end in spending. I guess I am trying to drill down in terms of where spending is really coming from if you take out gasoline?
Andy Cecere: I am taking out gasoline every time I answer. I would say that we get paid a great deal more on the actual transaction and the size of it. So everyone still go to the grocery store, they still go to the gas station, they still swipe the card and thats one of the benefit of the merchant acquiring portfolios, we get paid as much for the transaction as we do the size. So I am probably less clear on the impacts of smaller ticket size and debit than I would be in credit because its the outstanding that it creates. But I mean, you are right, the people have less money, they are being more careful but I would say they are actually spending it more often. So they are going to the ATM machine to keep it simple for me. They will go there and pull out $20 five times in a week and they will pull out a 100 on Monday because they are just not sure what it would look like by the time payroll comes around. So we are seeing activities actually start to pick up. Were not necessary seeing average balances. And on the credit side, we are obviously seeing it slowing down and be careful spending money that they dont have.
Meredith Whitney  Meredith Whitney Advisory Group: Okay. When I do checks in terms of different regions, youre still real populous rates amongst small business centers and consumers vitriol against Wall Street, how Canadian banks are closing and what not? How are you addressing those needs? Is that where you are picking up market share? Is there  what does the small business lending environment look like as they fund themselves primarily through credit card going forward? And then I am done.
Andy Cecere: So the small business used to fund sales in great part sole proprietors with their home equity which is their ATM. And they typically would use their credit card. So I will say what, we are getting a flight to quality at some customers small business that are looking for a place that they feel safer at. But we are not seeing a great deal of growth in small business qualified customers. So I mean they are a perfect reflection of this economy and either those who are looking for loans, who need it the most are probably the least qualified and we are simply not making that loan. We want to help them out. We are giving a lot of guidance. We are not making that loan. And I will say, if they dont have the access to the credit card and they dont have the home equity, thats what you are hearing from Main Street and that is we need loans, we want loans, and I will say what, we want to make them. But it would be imprudent for us to make them at a time of the cycle where they are least qualified. The best we can do is give them guidance on how to become more attractive as a future lending candidate but we typically will say no unless they are qualified and we are not changing our underwriting. So we are seeing a relative flight to quality but an absolute shrinkage in qualified people who are looking for a loan if they can actually pay back.
Meredith Whitney  Meredith Whitney Advisory Group: Okay. So in another words, you see a growing percentage of sort of a de-bank factor?
Andy Cecere: Yes. I did.
Meredith Whitney  Meredith Whitney Advisory Group: All right. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Meredith.
Operator: And our next question comes from of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead for question.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Betsy Graseck.
Betsy Graseck  Morgan Stanley: Good morning. Thanks. Two questions. One is on the administration's proposal recently for HAMP to have another way of restructuring loans to include principal forgiveness if the borrower qualifies and could you just give us a sense as to how you are thinking about that program and how that could potentially impact your portfolio?
Richard Davis: Yes. Bill, why dont you do that?
Bill Parker: Yeah. Are you talking about the 2MP one [ph] or the (inaudible)
Betsy Graseck  Morgan Stanley: Both.
Andy Cecere: Well, so they are different.
Richard Davis: Yeah. They are, yeah.
Betsy Graseck  Morgan Stanley: Correct. Well, my question was specifically on the first but whats the overlap to the 2MP would be helpful too.
Andy Cecere: Yeah. Well, on the 2MP for our portfolio, we have very few purchase money; second, and I think that is more of what that portfolio or what that program was buying for, or the first and second are done together and really act like one mortgage. So for us it was almost 90% of our portfolio coming out of the branches where its just traditional home equity. We dont feel that program is really appropriate or designed for our type of portfolio. One the other program, I mean there is the home affordable foreclosure alternative. Thats the one just to encourage short sales or to make short sales dont get in the way of a transaction thats beneficial to the homeowner. Thats something we are already working on. We have already been doing short sales. We will continue to do that. The other one is the enhanced  what Ill call the enhanced half. Thats the one that they say that might get in place by August or September. Well, they have temporarily relief for the job, et cetera, et cetera. That thing has got  theres a lot of details to be worked out on that. So its not clear to us exactly how all that would work at this point. So that
Betsy Graseck  Morgan Stanley: I guess, you still have
Andy Cecere: To summarize that. The 2MP or whats the HAMP for the seconds, we are not opting that. We are not because our portfolio doesnt really lend itself to that but I also just want to say when you opt into a program and the rules keep hanging you regret having opted in because you just cant predict and we are in the business of giving you guys a fairly good predictable company. And so I am telling you what, this company would do everything thats right for all the people that deserve it but in some cases we are not doing it because its right now because we're mandated and the rules change. And I am very strong on that because we dont deserve to be told how to run the company. We are trying to do whats right and sometimes the rules are actually prohibitive of letting us work around some other constructs if the customers have unique circumstances. And I do think to Bills point the enhanced HAMP is coming along. We will  we are in HAMP and we will provide support for everything we are asked to do. But we are going to continue to be vocal making sure that the rules arent creating outcomes that make it harder for consumers to get what they want and/or that they dont create incentives for healthy consumers to find themselves in harms way to play into the game of the new rule. Thats a really unintended consequences we have got to watch for.
Betsy Graseck  Morgan Stanley: Okay. That is very clear, thank you. And then the second question, I had is just on the dividend and the dividend outlook, could you just give us some updated views there?
Andy Cecere: Sure, I can. This is sadly not an update of new information, it is a repeat of what I said before. We believe a couple of key paradigms and one is that we are able to increase our dividend based on our forecast of our earnings. And based on the stress test upon which we know there are a number of variations and versions that we are using, we can substantially increase our dividend and be fine with the earnings. But we understand the governments needs, number one, to be absolute positive. This recovery is the same and on its way. And therefore, we understand that they dont want to be giving anybody permission to do that in case things would turn around and I think we need to follow that logic. And secondly, I understand that there is so waiting I think at these levels that you and I, both know, both of the domestic and global levels to decide what the final definition of the capital will be and what the final number will be. In fact, which final ratio will be? So we are soon to find out, whats the ratio will be used whether it will be core or new definition that they are now out for comment, whether they will be domestic or global and I understand thats going to be a little longer than I'd like to wait but I understand we're in queue with that knowledge that has to be understood as well. So Im waiting for permission. Im waiting for guidelines, if it was my own. Information that I have in hand and I can do it by myself, I will raise the dividend now. But I  we are prudent [ph] to do so and Im not going to challenge the regulators we are working well at them. We understand that they are giving us all information along the way and we're not going either sit back and wait around without making it known that we're out here and we're eager to do it.
Betsy Graseck  Morgan Stanley: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Yes.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Carol Burger with Soleil Securities. Please go ahead with your questions.
Andy Cecere: Hi, Carole.
Richard Davis: Hi, Carole.
Carol Burger - Soleil Securities: Hi, how are you? Just to clarify on your last statement, it certainly sound like the regulators at this point dont want you or telling you not to raise dividend, is that what you mean to say?
Andy Cecere: Sure. I did. I think people didnt realize probably in all the years weve all been together, Ive known you for many of those, we always needed to get permission to raise the dividend. Its just that everyone was making money all the time, the dividends were always probably 40% or 50% of total earnings. And nobody ever needed to see it work. When the world turned down and company started to lose money and some were not able to cover the dividend, it became clear that the rules that we were all talking about, were present again and that is the federal reserve has the right to decide and approve on any divided action on at any time. And thats what we were dealing with. And so the fed has been very clear in telling us that whether you are ready in your own mind, we need to be sure that this economy is ready for you and anyone else that we might permit and we are ready to give you that answer. And so
Carol Burger - Soleil Securities: And have they given you the indication of what metrics they are looking at to decide that?
Andy Cecere: No. And thats my point earlier to Betsy's question. I feel like  I think they would agree that there are a number of uncertainties in terms of which ratio will use, whether it will be a national or global construct, how long well have to get there. And now as you know with Basel III or whatever you want to call it, now there is even a question of what will be the definition of core capital before we even decide what the number is. So all the moving parts are obvious to all of us and so its not -- Im not surprise that we can get an answer because I understand the prudence of making sure that we dont do something as an industry that we will regret. On my hand, I have to be a vocal advocate from my company and make sure that we are collateral damage in the waiting game. And so we are good partners with the regulators and making a very clear. We are anxious we want to move on. Well give them more numbers, well show them our stress test and we continue to argue the merits of let us move forward and at this point they think not yet and we are waiting for better guidelines.
Carol Burger - Soleil Securities: Okay. My other question was both on deposit pricing and loan pricing, do you think that the consolidation that we have seen is going to make a difference going forward and the fact that we probably have more rational pricers in the marketplace. And if you wanted to, could you comments on taking WAMU out of the game and replacing that with JP in your marketplace?
Andy Cecere: Carol, This is Andy. And Im not talking to specifically but your statement is absolutely correct. I think if you look at the last eight quarters or so, deposit pricing has become much more rational. At the same time, weve moved up sort of from the lower quartile to the median in our peer group. And I think the combination of lower rates and the fact that deposit pricing has become more rationale allowed us to do that with very little impact to margin.
Richard Davis: I will say, Carol, the world is uneven. So the community banking markets, where we have a 1000 of our 3000 branches are later in the cycle and I will say it wouldnt surprise you that some of the banks were starting to stress kind of their ditch stage effort is to be very aggressive on deposit pricing or to be very unrealistic in loans. And so until -- I will say, until things have cleared up as probably a year or two from now when a majority of FDIC transactions have been recognized and reckoned with. I think we will see in different markets unreasonable pricing but its a big market and the banks you are talking about we are seeing a much more solid rational performance in pricing and give us all a better sense of dealing with that community of banks that are looking together to not coalesce or to price together. But to working where we can pay for the risk and we do the right job of giving people the discriminate value for relationships and more business with better pricing.
Carol Burger - Soleil Securities: Okay. And just for my own edification, when you said, you moved up the rankings in terms of deposit pricing, have you moved up or has everybody else moved down?
Richard Davis: Its definitely both. Weve definitely -- we made a very discriminate move in the last eight quarters to pay up on deposits and many have come down and I think probably in the earlier conversation, there is a title range we can be in the top half and not need to be over priced or taking kind of risk that we might have had a couple of years ago.
Carol Burger - Soleil Securities: Thank you.
Andy Cecere: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: And there are no further questions in queue at this time.
Richard Davis: Well, let me just close. I want to thank you all for your interest in our company and your support. I want to characterize that its not very sexy and thats present company excluded of course. But this is a company that simple and straight forward and I think predictable and I hope that has value to all of you and therefore to our shareholders. And there is so much volatility and so much noise. We are very proud of what we have been able to accomplish in last couple of years. And let it be said what each quarter will continue to be predictable and hopefully repeatable and simple. I do think from the earliest questions this morning, if we are building a company that I know we are, you will see the real benefits in years forward when you will appreciate the kind of investments we made at a time when so many others were working on other things. And I am excited about, I think today was a very good demonstration of our core simple bank but I think it portends weve got real good future based on things that are starting to emerge and Im looking forward to sharing them in the future years. So Judy, you want to close.
Judy Murphy: Yes. Thanks everyone for listening and as always if you have questions please feel free to call.
Andy Cecere: Thank you.
Judy Murphy: Thanks.
Richard Davis: Thank you.
Operator: And that does concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Judith T. Murphy  Director of Investor Relations Richard K. Davis  Chairman of the Board, President & Chief Executive Officer Andrew Cecere  Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer P. W. Parker  Chief Credit Officer
Analysts: Matthew OConnor  Deutsche Bank Securities Betsey Graseck  Morgan Stanley John MacDonald  Sanford Bernstein & Co. Heather Wolf  UBS David Konrad  Keffe, Bruyette & Woods John Arfstrom  RBC Capital Markets David Rochester  FBR Capital Markets & Co. Michael Mayo  Calyon Securities (USA), Inc. Glenn Greenberg  Brave Warrior Advisors Analyst for Kenneth Usdin  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Welcome to US Bancorps first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Following a review of the results by Richard Davis Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Andy Cecere US Bancorps Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer there will be a formal question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately noon eastern time through Wednesday, January 27th at 12 midnight eastern time.  I will now turn the conference over to Judy Murphy, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Judith T. Murphy : Richard Davis, Andy Cecere and Bill Parker are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorps fourth quarter 2009 results and to answer your questions. Richard and Andy will be referencing a slide presentation during their prepared remarks. A copy of the slide presentation as well as our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules are available on our website at www.USBank.com.  I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during todays call are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are described on page two of todays presentation, in our press release and our Form 10K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard K. Davis : Id like to begin on page three of the presentation and note some of the highlights of our fourth quarter 2009 results. U.S. Bancorp reported net income of $602 million for the fourth quarter of 2009 or $0.30 per diluted common share. Earnings were $0.15 higher than the same quarter last year and equal to the $0.30 per diluted common share the company earned for the third quarter of 2009. We achieved record net revenue of $4.4 billion in the fourth quarter and year-over-year positive operating leverage with an industry leading efficiency ratio of 49.1%. The flight to quality continued this quarter as we experienced strong year-over-year average deposit growth of 25.2%, 15.3% excluding acquisitions. Average loan growth was 8.2% primarily due to the acquisitions as our commercial customers continue to pay down their balances leaving year-over-year average total loan growth excluding acquisitions at .4%, a point of pride given the current low demand for credit. As expected, net charge offs and non-performing assets excluding covered assets increased again this quarter and at a more modest pace than the prior quarter. Importantly, total credit costs declined on a linked quarter basis due to a decrease in the provision expense necessary to build the allowance for credit losses. We maintained our strong capital position with the Tier-1 capital ratio increasing from 9.5% at September 30th to 9.6% at December 31.  Finally, during the fourth quarter, we completed the acquisition of the majority of the operations of the banking subsidiaries of FBOP Corporation in an FDIC assisted deal. An acquisition that added 150 branches to our franchise, over $13 billion of loans and more than $14 billion of deposits. We announced last November that we would be selling the three Texas branches acquired in this transaction and the buyer Prosperity Bank announced the purchase of the branches late yesterday. That sale is expected to be completed by the end of the first quarter. On Slide Four, we show our performance metrics over the past five quarters. Return on average assets in the current quarter was .8% and return on average common equity was 9.6% just slightly below the ratios posted in the third quarter of 2009. The fourth quarter results included two significant items which were net security losses of $158 million and provision expense in excess of net charge offs of $278 million. Excluding these significant items which Andy will discuss in a few minutes, return on average assets and return on average common equity would have been approximately 1.36% and 15.3% respectively.  On the right hand of the Slide is a graph showing the five quarter trends of our net interest margin and efficiency ratio. Our net interest margin of 3.83% improved over the prior quarter by 16 basis points primarily due to the higher loan spread and lower funding costs while our efficiency ratio ended the quarter at 49.1%. Our efficiency ratio reflects in absolute terms our prudent approach to managing operating expenses at a level appropriate for the current environment as well as our continued investment in our businesses and employees to ensure our future growth.  Turning to Slide Five, our capital positions remain strong. Our Tier-1 capital and Tier-1 common equity ratios were 9.6% and 6.8% respectively at December 31st. Additionally, our tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio rose from 3.3% at December 31, 2008 to 5.3% at yearend 2009. Our capital position continues to benefit from our ongoing profitability. With this positive earnings stream, business line momentum, moderating credit costs we continue to expect to generate significant capital going forward. As I have indicated in the past, this was the first factor we considered when deciding whether this was the right time to recommend an increase to our current quarterly dividend of $0.05 per share. We are confident that our earnings can support a higher dividend. Unfortunately, there remains a great deal of uncertainty for all of us in the banking industry regarding potential legislative and regulatory changes in addition to the timing and the scope of the economic recovery and what that all means for the level of capital that will be required going forward. I assure you we are acutely aware of how important the dividend is to our shareholders. At this point however, the most prudent approach for our company is to continue to work closely with our regulators and defer action on our dividend until a sustainable economic recovery is evident and clear capital guidelines are established.  Moving on to Slide Six, average total loans outstanding increased by $14.4 billion year-over-year primarily due to the recent acquisitions. As noted on the slide, excluding acquisitions, total average loans grew by .4% year-over-year. On a linked quarter basis total average loans increased by 5.3% driven again by acquisitions. As I mentioned earlier and some [inaudible] last quarter, the lack of growth in average total loans outstanding excluding acquisitions was largely due to the lower usage of revolving lines of credit by our commercial customers.  Specifically, the rate of commitment utilization by our corporate and commercial borrowers declined from an average of about 32% in the third quarter of 2009 to approximately 30% in the fourth quarter. The decline in average balances also reflected an overall softening of demand for new loans by our customers both commercial and consumer as they remain cautious rightsizing their own balance sheets to reflect the current economic conditions. That being said, we continue to originate and renew lines and loans for our customers who want and need credit.  In fact, during the fourth quarter of 2009 U.S. Bank originated over $11 billion of residential mortgages, originated over $4 billion of consumer loans including installment loans, student loans, lines of credit and home equity lines and loans. We originated new prime based credit card accounts with lines totaling over $2 billion and we issued more than $9 billion of new commitments and renewed over $17 billion of commitments to small businesses, commercial and commercial real estate customers. Overall, excluding mortgage production, new originations plus new and renewed commitments were over $33 billion, slightly higher than the previous quarters total bringing the full year 2009 total to over $129 billion. We remain responsive to the credit needs of our current and new creditworthy borrowers. In fact, we have begun to take a second look at small business loans that may have been turned down in the initial credit review process to see if there are additional opportunities to provide them with solutions to their financing needs. We continue to strongly support the governments efforts to maintain the flow of credit necessary to stimulate and strengthen our economy.  Growth in average total deposits was a key highlight of our fourth quarter. Total average deposits increased by $36.4 billion over the same quarter of last year and $14.5 billion on a linked quarter basis. Excluding acquisitions, the growth rate remains strong at 15.3% on a year-over-year basis and 10.8% annualized on a linked quarter basis. Our company continues to benefit from a flight to quality and remains one of the highest rated financial institutions in the company as rated by S&P, Moodys, [inaudible] and DBRS. Turning to Slide Seven, the company reported record total net revenue for the fourth quarter of $4.4 billion. In fact, we also achieved record net revenue for the full year of 2009 of $16.7 billion. The growth in revenue was driven by earnings asset growth and expanding net interest margin, business line growth initiatives and acquisitions. Reported total net revenue was impacted in each of the last five quarters by securities valuation losses which are detailed at the bottom of the slide. Moving on to credit as we turn to Slide Eight. Credit costs in the fourth quarter of 2009 including the cost of building the allowance for credit losses were higher than the same quarter of 2008 but lower than the previous quarter. As expected, the rate of increase in net charge offs moderated on a linked quarter basis. Fourth quarter net charge offs of $1,110,000,000 were approximately 7% higher than the third quarter of 2009. This percentage increase was lower than the 12% increase recorded between the second and third quarters of this year. The growth in net charge offs once again reflected the stress in the residential home and mortgage related industries and the impact of the economy on both our retail and commercial customers. Also, and as expected, non-performing assets excluding covered assets increased again this quarter. The $184 million or approximately 5% increase was lower than last quarters linked quarter growth rate of approximately 12%, another indication that credit quality is deteriorating at a slower pace. At December 31st total non-performing assets were $5,907,000,000. Included in total non-performing assets were $2 billion and $3 million of loans and other real estate covered by a loss sharing agreement with the FDIC. Given the terms of these agreements with the FDIC, the amount of potential loss on these loans is substantially reduced.  Turning to Slide Nine, you can see that as expected given the upward trend in both net charge offs and non-performing assets in addition to the uncertain and still somewhat weak economy, we increased the allowance for credit losses this quarter by recording a $278 million incremental provision for loan losses. This represented approximately 25% of the current quarters total net charge offs of approximately $1.1 billion. This compares with an incremental provision equal to 40% of the net charge offs in the third quarter of 2009 and 100% in the fourth quarter of 2008. This incremental provision raised the companys allowance for credit losses to period end loans at December 31st excluding covered assets to 3.04% from 2.88% at September 30th. The ratio of allowance to non-performing loans excluding covered assets ended the quarter at 153%. As we look ahead 90 days, we anticipate continued growth in both net charge offs and non-performing assets, however we expect the rate of growth to once again trend lower. Given the current focus by the investment community on credit quality, we have included the following nine slides which provide credit related information about each of our major loan portfolios. I will highlight just a few items on each slide. Beginning on Slide 10, provides more detail on the commercial loan portfolio which has declined from an average of over $50 billion in the fourth quarter 2008 to approximately $43 billion in the fourth quarter of 2009 primarily due to the lower line utilization and lower demand. The trend in utilization of outstanding revolving lines of credit is shown on the right hand side of the slide. The net charge off ratio on the portfolio increased to 2.28% in the fourth quarter with losses coming primarily from the more leveraged sections such as correspondent banking and gaming. Non-performing commercial loans as a percentage of average loans were 2.05% for the fourth quarter, very comparable to the previous quarter.  Slide 11 provides additional information on the commercial leasing portfolio. Early stage delinquencies and net charge offs have declined over the last two quarters in this portfolio primarily due to the improvement in small ticket leasing.  Moving on to Slide 12 and the companys commercial mortgage portfolio. Average commercial real estate mortgages have increased over the past year due to the lack of permanent financing previously available in the CMBS market. Approximately 45% of the portfolio is owner occupied. Overall, net charge offs remain low at just 48 basis points of average loans outstanding.  The commercial real estate construction portfolio is detailed on Slide 13 and is the most stressed portfolio. The net charge off ratio of 6.24% remains elevated and reflects declines in the market value of both commercial and residential construction properties. Residential construction loans outstanding have declined from an average of $4.7 billion in the third quarter of 2007 to $2.3 billion in the fourth quarter of 2009. 13.6% of the loans in this CRE construction portfolio are currently classified as non-performing. Turning to the residential mortgage portfolio detailed on Slide 14, the net charge off ratio continues to edge higher currently standing at 2.37% for the fourth quarter of 2009. On a positive note and similar to the companys other retail loan portfolios, early stage delinquencies for the residential mortgage portfolio decreased slightly from 2.39% in the third quarter to 2.36% in the fourth quarter. Restructured residential real estate loans that continue to accrue interest rose by 1.2% this quarter.  As you may recall, our company began actively working with customers to renegotiate loan terms late in 2007 enabling many to keep their homes. Since late 2007, including loans serviced for others we have modified over 27,000 residential mortgage loans totaling approximately $4.6 billion. Additionally, we began participating in the HAMP, the governments mortgage modification program in September of 2009 and have since begun trial modifications on over 7,400 loans or 26% of eligible loans. We expect that the number of loan modifications that we complete over time will be lower than the industry average as our initial underwriting was generally more stringent on debt to income. We are finding that a large percentage of the modification requests we receive are already below the 31% debt to income and therefore do not qualify for HAMP. Additionally, these loan modifications exclude acquired covered loans which are modified following the terms of the loss sharing agreements with the FDIC. Going forward we will continue to actively assist our customers whether through HAMP or other programs and support the governments objective to restore the housing markets.  Slide 15 summarizes our home equity portfolio. Currently overall demand for the home equity products is down although we grew our average home equity loans by 4% year-over-year. Our high quality traditional portfolio has performed very well during this cycle with current net charge off cycle of only 1.29%. The consumer finance originated loans carry lower FICO scores and represent approximately 13% of the total portfolio. The net charge off ratio on the consumer finance portfolio was 6.56% for the fourth quarter.  Credit card loans are detailed on Slide 16. The net charge off ratio has declined each of the last two quarters due to a portfolio purchase in early September. On the right hand side of the slide we have adjusted the ratios for this portfolio purchase to show the upward trend in the credit card net charge offs continues. Given the high quality of our portfolio however, we continue to perform significantly better than the industry average. Similar to the mortgage and home equity products early stage delinquencies improved on a linked quarter basis.  Slide 17 provides additional detail on the retail leasing portfolio. Net charge offs have declined as better used car prices have significantly reduced end of term valuation and credit losses. Finally, Slide 18 summarizes the credit information on other retail loan portfolios. Early stage delinquencies and net charge offs declined during the fourth quarter and as was the case with retail leasing, the auto loan portfolio loss rate improved as used car prices have rebounded from their lows late last year. In summary and going forward, we expect net charge offs and non-performing assets to continue to increase but at a decreasing rate. Additionally, we will continue to assess the adequacy of our allowance for credit losses and provide for credit losses at a level that reflects changes in the credit risk of the loan portfolio and the current economic conditions.  I will now turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew Cecere : The overall quality of our fourth quarter results reflect both the strength and quality of our organization and Id like to take a few minutes to provide you with a few more details about the results. I turn your attention to Slide 19 which gives a full view of our fourth quarter and 2009 results. Earnings per diluted common share were $0.30 for the fourth quarter of 2009 equal to the prior quarter and $0.15 higher than the fourth quarter of 2008.  For the full year 2009 the company earned $0.97 per diluted common share. Approximately 40% below the full year 2008 as higher credit costs more than offset a 14% increase in operating income. The key drivers to the companys fourth quarter results are detailed on Slide 20. The $0.15 per share increase in year-over-year was the result of a 20.8% increase in net revenue driven by a 9.2% increase in net interest income and a 37.8% increase in non-interest income. This favorable change in revenue was partially offset by a 15% increase in non-interest expense and higher credit costs. Credit costs were impacted by a $478 million increase in net charge offs partially offset by a decrease of $357 million in incremental provision year-over-year as the need for additional reserves lessened. Earnings per diluted common share were comparable on a linked quarter basis. Positive variances in net revenue and the provision for credit losses were offset by growth in non-interest expense.  A summary of the significant items that impact the comparison of our fourth quarter results to prior periods are detailed on Slide 21. The two significant items in the fourth quarter 2009 were net securities losses of $158 million primarily representing impairment on our SIV exposure and provision in excess of net charge offs of $278 million. These two items reduced earnings per diluted common share by approximately $0.18. Significant items in prior comparable periods are listed on Slide 21 and reduced earnings per diluted common share by $0.19 in the third quarter of 2009 and $0.34 in the fourth quarter of 2008. Turning to Slide 22, net interest income increased year-over-year by $199 million or 9.2% primarily as a result of a $19.4 billion increase in average earning assets, $14.2 billion of which was acquisition related. Net interest margin was two basis points higher than the fourth quarter of 2008 due to our ability to replace wholesale funding with low costs deposits as well as overall lower funding costs. On a linked quarter basis net interest income was higher by $203 million due to an $11.3 billion increase in earnings assets, $9.2 billion of which was acquisition related and a 16 basis point increase in net interest margin. The net interest margin improved due to the change in mix between wholesale funding and low cost deposits, overall funding costs and a favorable change in loan spreads. The acquisition of FBOP did not have a material impact on net interest margin. Assuming the current rate environment and yield curve, we expect net interest margin to remain relatively stable in the low to mid 380s for the first quarter of 2010.  Slide 23 provides additional detail on our growth in average earning assets this quarter. Year-over-year average total loans grew by 8.2% primarily due to acquisitions while average investment securities increased by $2.2 billion or 5.2%. Linked quarter average total loans grew by $9.7 billion again, primarily due to acquisitions while average investment securities rose by $1.6 billion or 3.7%. Slide 24 breaks down the growth in average total loans by category. Looking at the chart on the left you can see that the relatively small increase in total average loans, excluding acquisitions was due to a 12.2% drop in average commercial loans as retail residential mortgages and commercial real estate were all higher on a year-over-year basis. The majority of the loans related to FBOP and Downey, PFF acquisitions were reported as covered assets. Covered assets increased by $13.3 billion year-over-year with FBOP and Downey, PFF contributing $8.9 billion and $4.4 billion of the increase respectively. On a linked quarter basis the growth in average loans was primarily due to acquisitions which accounted for $8.2 billion of the $9.7 billion increase. Average commercial loans declined by $1.2 billion and were partially offset by increases in residential mortgages and other retail lending. Moving to Slide 25, you can see the very favorable growth in low cost core deposits over the past five quarters. Average total deposits grew by $36.4 billion or 25.2% year-over-year partially due to acquisitions. Importantly, low cost core deposits, non-interest bearing interest checking, money market and savings excluding acquisitions grew by 35.1%. This growth reduced the need for wholesale CD and foreign branch funding and contributed to the net interest margin expansion. On a linked quarter basis average low costs deposits excluding acquisitions grew by $9.2 billion or 7.5% unannualized which again, had a positive impact on the net interest margin. Slide 26 presents in more detail the changes in non-interest income on a year-over-year and linked quarter basis. Non-interest income in the fourth quarter of 2009 was $553 million or 37.8%. Excluding the favorable change in net securities losses, non-interest income was higher by 26.7%. The positive variance was driven by a 10.3% growth in payments related revenue, mortgage banking related growth of $195 million due to the favorable change in the MSR valuation and related hedge of $103 million and a higher gain on sale margins related to a 36.4% increase in production volumes. 41.2% in commercial product revenue due to concentrated sales efforts related to recent investments in growth initiatives and other higher revenues due to lower end of term lease residual valuation losses and payments contract termination gains. On a linked quarter basis non-interest income was lower by $77 million primarily due to net significant items which were unfavorable by $121 million, a $58 million reduction in mortgage banking revenue primarily due to a 25.2% reduction in production volume and an unfavorable change in the MSR hedge of $34 million and lower trust and investment management fees, deposit service charge and treasury management fees. These unfavorable variances were partially offset by an increase in other revenues related to lower end of term valuation losses and the payments contract termination fee. Acquisitions had a minimal impact on the variance in fee revenue on a year-over-year or linked quarter basis.  Finally, on Slide 27 we have provided highlights on non-interest expense which was higher year-over-year by $290 million or 15%. The majority of the increase can be attributed to acquisitions which accounted for $86 million of the increase, higher costs related to investments and tax advantage projects which accounted for $79 million of the increase and FDIC insurance expense and other loan expense primarily related to costs associated with other real estate owned. On a linked quarter basis, non-interest expense was higher by $175 million or 8.5% primarily the result of acquisitions which increased expenses by $66 million, costs related to investments and tax advantage projects which accounted for $60 million of the increase, the elimination on October 1st of the 5% salary reductions related to our early 2009 cost containment initiative, seasonally higher legal and professional expenses and other loan expense associated with other real estate owned. Finally, the tax rate on the taxable equivalent basis was approximately 21% in the fourth quarter and full year 2009. The rate is expected to gradually increase in 2010 with net income over time. As you turn to Slide 28 I will turn the call back to Richard.
Richard K. Davis :
P. W. Parker : We have positioned this company for growth and we are managing this company for the long term. Our core businesses continue to perform. We are operating from a solid capital and liquidity position and we are well positioned to capitalize on the economic recovery as we enjoy the benefits of the flight to quality, as we continue to invest in organic initiatives, M&A and joint ventures, as we opportunistically acquire and as we benefit from core businesses that are scalable and can be leveraged as this economy recovers.  The coming year will not be without its challenges including a soft economy and its impact on credit quality in addition to the new regulatory and legislative oversight and actions. I am confident that the momentum we have created during the past very challenging year has positioned U.S. Bancorp to grow and prosper as we continue to prudently lend to creditworthy borrowers, judicially invest in and grow our franchise, support our communities, provide best in class customer service and importantly, create value for our shareholders by sustaining our earnings power, high quality balance sheet and capital strength. That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Bill and I will now be happy to answer questions from our audience.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Matthew OConnor  Deutsche Bank Securities.
Matthew OConnor  Deutsche Bank Securities: Some other banks have pointed to signs that loan demand is increasing especially in small business and the lower end of middle market. I am just wondering if you can comment on what you think your opportunities are there and I guess first if you would agree that there is some signs that it is picking up?
Richard K. Davis : We are seeing short term increases. We had a nice December in virtually every small business category which includes the cards, traditional lines, SBA, small ticket leasing, across the board. January is starting out with kind of a moderate continuation but we are not seeing a robust strength so we are not going to call it a trend yet but we would agree that in the last part of the year we saw an uptick that would give us some hope.  In the rest of the markets though we are seeing the rest of the categories, we would see loans as being fairly predictable. There are some companies in each of the categories that are getting stronger and are starting to move out in front. They are starting to use lending again as part of their growth initiative but by far the majority of the companies are holding back at this point still using their profitability coming from efficiency and balance sheet management not so much from growth.
Matthew OConnor  Deutsche Bank Securities: Then just separately on credit, your guidance for NPAs and charge offs to increase but at a slower rate and the rate is already pretty low so it feels like 1Q is probably about the peak. One, is that a fair characterization ? And two, shouldnt the reserve build be about done if that is the case?
Richard K. Davis : Your conclusion is right, that is exactly one we wanted you to make. We are getting down to the point where we have been completely consistent on that trajectory and it has been accurate and we are going to say it again because we are getting close to splitting hairs here. We are going to get down to very nominal increases of both NPAs and charge offs in linked quarter. We would agree, we are getting close to inflection as long as there are no big surprises that we dont predict in the economy. Having said that, you can continue to expect the provision as you are seeing well build it at a lesser rate until we think we have a solid consistent pattern of improvement. Once we see that, we believe our ratios are sufficiently acceptable and then you wont see us add to the provision. We are not quite there, that will be a lacking effect to our consistent expectations of the inflections near term for charge offs and NPAs.
Matthew OConnor  Deutsche Bank Securities: So just to be clear, even if charge offs and NPAs are flat or down a little bit say in 2Q there will still be some loan loss reserve build?
Richard K. Davis : I think so because we just want to be abundantly careful to make sure that we see a repeated consistency. So one quarter in this environment isnt enough to convince all of us that were done. A couple of quarters, yes and because it is just a matter of time and not a matter of facts well probably continue to add to the provision a little longer until were sure.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Betsey Graseck  Morgan Stanley.
Betsey Graseck  Morgan Stanley: A couple of questions, one on the dividend you had indicated in the past that two consider any action on the dividend you needed line of sight on earnings and clarification from regulators on capital. Could you maybe just give us an update especially given that Basel III has been announced? I know it is not from the US regulators but how does that factor in to your thinking to what you need to hear from the regulators [inaudible] line of sight on that.
Richard K. Davis : I think they are related actually. I do not know if we are actually calling it Basel III yet but it is getting that nomenclature. Lets agree, our line of sight is still very good for the company and you might guess we are stress testers par excellence, we know how to stress test the company and we feel that a nominal dividend increase is quite reasonable for this company. But, we also realize and respect the need to work with the regulators who are working on Basel, they are working what eventually will become G20 constructs for our global capitalization and most recently they came out with new guidance for both dividend and stock repurchase paperwork that needs to be completed to confirm our preparation and that is connected to Basel. All that being said, we continue to work with our regulators to comply with all that necessary information. We know that they are seeking and we agree that the economy needs to be on firm footing longer than it has been so far. So, my characterization would be that despite our own confidence in our own numbers, and I would suspect even our regulators confidence in our predictions under the backdrop of an uncertain economy it is prudent for all of us to wait a little longer until we see some stability. Then, we will fulfill the final requirements of the very tedious but appropriate paperwork that needs to be complied with in terms of providing capital guidance and the necessary stress testing that goes along with it. Andy, you might add to that?
Andrew Cecere : We are working with the regulators on a number of different aspects of Basel II and fulfilling our requirements there and we are on track with our own schedules and with the regulators.
Betsey Graseck  Morgan Stanley: The new guidance regarding the dividend, the stock buyback that came out is related to making sure that the stress tests have been done sufficiently to warrant a change in those policies. Is that right?
Richard K. Davis : It really is a stress test overlaid and intersected with capital and being able to say stress test isnt just a matter of loan quality or earnings but they intersect it with your current capital positions, your ability to earn and generate capital and the quality of your forward view. Put all that together and then they still need to intersect that with what will be the eventual capital guidelines which they have not come out with which we are all waiting for. So until those intersect plus the economy needs a little longer to go. We think we will be among the first to assess that decision. We are in the queue for that but we also appreciate the fact that waiting makes sense for all reasons.
Betsey Graseck  Morgan Stanley: The stress test is kind of fluid, right? It is not the exact same one as was done last April?
Andrew Cecere : No. Thats a stress test that we do on our own numbers and forecast and projections and we do that ever quarter. So it is something that we do on our won and use our own projections and our own definitions of what a stressed economy would look like. 
Richard K. Davis : But those stress test definitions to be accepted by the regulators as a real appropriate stress test they would agree with so they can make the assessment against our own evaluation.
Betsey Graseck  Morgan Stanley: Then a separate question on this tax that is being suggested, I know it has to go through Congress, etc. but can you just give us a sense as to what the potential impact could be on your organization and how you anticipate managing for that?
Richard K. Davis : You mean the financial crisis responsibility fee?
Betsey Graseck  Morgan Stanley: Correct.
Richard K. Davis : Which of course is something we all agree hasnt been approved yet. We understand why it is coming about and we can account for that in our forward view. If it is a July 1st kind of event and we are looking at the 2010 impact for us it is $125 to $150 million on a full year basis. So for us that would be about half that number. We also appreciate that there may be some different definitions which will change, what is included or not included. But, based on our really good core funding and our strong earnings, I think the impact to our EPS as forecasted actually by many of you is not insignificant but it is in the 2% to 4% kind of a range on full year 2011 and that is something that obviously we can manage and we intend to make up for it in discontinued excess performance and make sure our shareholders dont feel it.
Andrew Cecere : The impact to us has really been diminished over the last four or five quarters as we have experienced tremendous deposit growth with the flight to quality that we talked about. Given that loan demand has been a little weak out there, we have become much more deposit funded as an organization overall.
Richard K. Davis : Having said that though I must say that I am disappointed at the idea of there being kind of one side to this all. We will forever be in that kind of middle ground of being large enough to hit all kinds of systemic important companies being a $280 billion but were also going to fight the good fight that we are a fairly simply company and we are in the very basic business of banking and payments and some of these things are perhaps levied at us just based on our size and in some cases based on the actions of a lot of companies in the last few years and a lot of those actions that we did not take.  On calls like this we were withstanding some of the alternatives that some of the others were taking to make a lot of money and we didnt. I am going to continue to be outspoken on trying to keep U.S. Bank in the family of what is right in the industry but I am going to continue to distinguish us from not being cast with the masses when it comes to things like fees, reputation, impacts and taxation. I am against it because I dont think it is right.
Operator:  Your next question comes from John MacDonald  Sanford Bernstein & Co.
John MacDonald  Sanford Bernstein & Co.: Andy, the net interest margin was significantly better than your guidance. I was just wondering what surprised you on the up side and do you still have an upward bias in your outlook for first quarter or do you really expect it to be kind of flattish this time?
Andrew Cecere : I really do expect it to be flattish John. It wasnt any one single item I would say it is a combination of three or four things. First, loan spreads both in the wholesale and the retail categories all were a slight bit better than our projections. Secondly, our core deposit growth continues as you see from the numbers. That overall core deposit funding is at a lower costs. Finally, our overall wholesale funding levels are a little bit lower than our expectations. So it is a combination of all those things and given that level of trend we do expect it to be relatively stable in the low to mid 380s for the first quarter.
Richard K. Davis : John, as you compare it to last years fourth quarter where we had that blip to 383 based on Downey primarily. This is a more sustainable across the board repeatable kind of margin improvement that we feel confident in settling around there.
John MacDonald  Sanford Bernstein & Co.: Andy, a follow up on your guidance about the tax rate, starting the year at 21% or so, does it ramp up slowly or does it depend on your profitability ramp? What is driving that?
Andrew Cecere : It will ramp up consistent with our profitability so I would expect a moderate ramp up not a significant increase.
John MacDonald  Sanford Bernstein & Co.: Towards what ultimately might be a normal tax rate for you guys?
Andrew Cecere : As we look at the full year of 2010 I would expect somewhere in the low 20s, between 22% and 25% tax adjusted.
John MacDonald  Sanford Bernstein & Co.: Then the final thing, Richard was asked kind of in the past trying to understand the cumulative impact of a number of acquisitions that you have done trying to assess how much of these deals are in your current earnings and how much is still to come. Any sense of the cumulative impact the deals might have on 2010 and beyond on your earnings power?
Andrew Cecere : What I would tell you is we try to isolate the specific expense items as you noted and the loan growth and deposit growth items in the slides and you can see the numbers there. I would say as you look at the revenue growth that occurred here in the fourth quarter, about 20% of that revenue growth was related to the acquisition impact, FBOP, PFF and Downey and the remaining 80% was really core so you can work through the numbers. Most of that increase was in the margins section. The income component was relatively modest it was principally in margin.
Richard K. Davis : To add to that, the company a few years ago might well have had acquisitions like this and it would have been more a play to save the expenses, run off the high cost deposits and move along. In the last couple of years this companies now takes in an acquisition and brings it on for more customers. We protect the depositors. We intend to develop relationships and not lose them just based on price and we are not looking for the cost savings as much, we are looking for the revenue growth. So what I would say to you is these acquisitions are joining the core franchise now in being more of a revenue focused company and so there is an additional attribute there, a synergy that comes along with it that you should just include in the company being bigger doing better which is in our numbers as we think going forward. But, if I perform for you guys like we said we would this company entirely will perform better with higher levels of revenue and higher levels of operating leverage going forward because we have positioned ourselves to grow as opposed to just being stable with expenses coming down.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Heather Wolf  UBS.
Heather Wolf  UBS: I was hoping we could get a bit more information on the modifications specifically if you could repeat the dollar amounts again and also redefault rates, what is sitting in non-performing versus performing, level of debt forgiveness, etc., any information you could give us would be great.
Richard K. Davis : Lets have Bill do that. I am going to remind you one of my comments was though the HAMP program gets all the headlines, it is not the only program that a lot of us participate in particularly banks like ours that have participated in FDIC deals. In November of 2008 one of our agreements with the FDIC was to be the first bank besides Indy Mac that they at the time owned that would adopt the FDIC modification program. So, we have done that and in fact it is a bigger number for us than HAMP having started HAMP in September.  Also, long before either of those events we were doing what was right for customers by keeping them in their houses and saving ourselves from owning a home. I just want the cover story that it isnt just HAMP. I said it in my comments and I will say it again, you wont see us in those monthly HAMP reports probably above the median. We simply dont have that kind of base of customers or that kind of loan-to-value portfolio that will give us the ability to have big numbers and that is actually a good thing. But headlines will always rank banks and [inaudible] those that have the highest number are the ones doing the best and in some cases it is quite the opposite. 
P. W. Parker : We have about a little over $1.3 billion of restructured mortgage loans and those are the accruing restructured loans. We look at both the 60 day redefault rate which is what the regulators use and then we also look at a rate where things enter foreclosure. Our 60 day rate is 27.5% and ones that ultimately wind up in foreclosure is 17.6%. The 27.5% compares to what the OCC put out in their third quarter modification report where it shows industry averages are close to 50% on that. So ours are running significantly better than that. 
Heather Wolf  UBS: Any information on debt forgiveness.
P. W. Parker : We do have programs for debt forgiveness. If you run through the HAMP process obviously you dont get there but we do have our own modification programs so we do sometimes look at that because the cost of putting off the 114 reserve can be significant so sometimes it is in the banks and the borrowers best interest to do debt forgiveness.
Richard K. Davis : Heather what we are learning to is there is a new psyche around borrowers and we are learning that sometimes lower payments, sometimes lower principle, sometimes combinations causes permanent behavior changes and sometimes it doesnt. So despite best efforts if you dont hit the right psyche with the right borrower youll do all these actions and they will continue to default or theyll walk away. I think the whole industry is learning new reactions to new actions that are coming along and probably in another couple of quarters well probably figure out the best, highest, most efficient way to protect a customer and get them to stay with the home and give us the benefit of not having a property and them staying in it.
Heather Wolf  UBS: I just had one other quick question on deposit growth. It sounds like it has been sort of surprising you guys to the upside, I know it has been surprising me to the upside. Do you have any color going forward about what to expect and maybe what to expect in different rate backdrops as well?
Andrew Cecere : Heather our deposit growth has been across categories both retail and wholesale, across geographies throughout our states and it has been incremental positive each and every quarter. As we look forward I would expect to continue to see growth in our deposits. We have become a little bit more aggressive in retail deposit pricing. I would not expect to see the same level of robust growth that we have seen in the last few quarters but still continued growth. Given our expectation around the continuation of moderate loan demand I think you will see us continue to be more deposit funded.
Richard K. Davis : Let me add to that, there are a couple of other things. We have over 1,000 of our 3,000 branches are in small communities and we have a community banking strategy that forever has been unique and different and it is our secret weapon. As you might guess the propensity of banks that are under stress are small community banks these days and in those markets it is latent, it comes a little later than the beginning of the recession but customers start looking around thinking, Wow I really need to put my money in a bigger, safer name, in many cases. So we are seeing robust growth and it just doesnt come out in the details.  Secondly, we have a corporate trust business that starts to gen up again as the market starts to warm up. There is a lot of good core deposits that come in that category. Then lastly, our corporate banking strategy which we have been talking about for two years, typically we get visibility because of the actions we are taking now on the balance sheet or in our capital markets but one of the undertows to that status is more deposits that come along with those relations. All of those are adding together well above just what would be more deposits from each customer. We have a lot more customers each with deposits.
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Konrad  Keffe, Bruyette & Woods.
David Konrad  Keffe, Bruyette & Woods: I had a question regarding FDIC deals. I mean your capital ratio has held in very well this quarter despite the FBOP deal which I think speaks to your capital generation capabilities. But maybe from an operational standpoint, whats your appetite over the near term to look at more FDIC deals? Then kind of bigger picture how do you view the tradeoffs or the rankings between building your footprint through FDIC deals and increasing the dividend?
Richard K. Davis : We said last time and we are sticking to it, FDIC deals need to be big enough and meaningful enough for us to put our company through the distraction. So, we are still looking at deals that have, I dont know what I said last time, but probably 50 to 100 branches to make it worth the effort. That means were taking out of our near term scope the small bank of Idaho deals that we did last spring and those sort of deals. They are just distraction costs more than they are financial costs. If we look at those deals of the size that I spoke to, FBOP is a great example, if we dont feel we can protect those capital levels and continue to grow with our own operating performance then we wont make that trade off. In other words, if we cant grow through it we wont put our burden either on the risk of the dividend being deferred longer or the risk of our capital levels falling. So, it has got to hit that sweet spot and that has a lot to do with our own confidence in our earnings which is why we stress test everything to make sure before we do a deal we can afford to make those tradeoffs. But, dividend is very important which relates to capital, we will protect it as a precious asset as it is. But, if a great deal comes along and we can afford it and it is meaningful enough to cause a distraction to the company we will grab it and move forward. So a lot of what you have seen in the past is what we will do.
David Konrad  Keffe, Bruyette & Woods: What is your views of the Chicago market with the recent deal you certainly increased your position in Chicago but the market share is still light relative to too many people in that market so what is your plans with Chicago?
Richard K. Davis : In Chicago we are number nine now, I think up from 13 in total deposit market share. What I like about Chicago and it is what I know about California having been a native is it is not the entire market, it is not Chicago land it is the markets we are in. We are a very heavy western franchise neighborhood bank now moving in to the south with FBOP, not so much actually in the city but enough to be connected to the commuters. So while I would love to be more than nine and we will make an effort to be more relevant in that market, we have got enough market position in the communities that I think it is a unique strategy, it is kind of a combo between large metro and community and for us it is working quite well. So if I could go from nine to say five or six and strengthen the total performance in each of those markets, we would be satisfied with that. Getting to the top three will probably take longer but it is a goal to grow Chicago and to become relevant in its entirety but certainly well start at each market level.
Operator:  Your next question comes from John Arfstrom  RBC Capital Markets.
John Arfstrom  RBC Capital Markets: Richard, last quarter you talked a little bit about deposit service charges and you thought that maybe the things sat last quarter it might be 20% or so out of revenues. Just based on what you know now do you think that is still valid?
Richard K. Davis : Yeah I do. First we have a two step process coming up in our life on that topic and this is all pre what may come out of the Consumer Protection Agency that I am sure will come about. In the end of the first quarter we have our own identified opportunities to improve the transaction routines and improve the reaction from our customers by changing the maximum number of overdrafts and the dollar amounts and all of that. That occurs at the end of this quarter and then at the beginning of the third quarter we will follow the rules of the Federal Reserve that has come up with yet a different overlay on rules and regulations on NSF and OD.  All those without any sense for what kind of new offsets we might create and I dont mean just service charges but new ways of relating to customers and their total relationship. That for us is a $200 to $300 million kind of impact for U.S. Bank this year and we will still as I said, await what will be the potential further negative of what I think the Consumer Protection Agency will probably overlay on some of those fees which they will consider either a nuisance or accepted. On the other hand, I do think we and not related to what others do so much as what we want to do with our customers is find a better value proposition where we can create different paradigms that include how you can be covered, to provide insurance to customer when the in fact dont want to be surprised. I think were all expecting this opt in opt out to be a moment of time where we will learn a lot about customer behavior. We are expecting extremely low levels of opt in after people begin opting out because we simply arent going to build those financial expectations and if they come along well be surprised pleasantly. In other words, were expecting a very, very low percentage of people after they begin in the opt out in July 1st or August 15th to want to jump back in until they experience a moment of embarrassment at which point they may say, Tell me again now what are my choices? And we want to have a much better menu of options to say,  Look if you dont want to be caught without money at a certain point of time there are a number of different programs or alternatives we can give you to make sure you have an insurance to get through your life because perhaps your behaviors up until now you were paying a lot but you were also getting a lot.  So were expecting $200 to $300 million loss this year. By next year at this time I think we will have a much better understanding of behaviors, customers willingness to pay for certain services and by then John I think well have a much better clarity around it. But, for now were expecting the worse.
John Arfstrom  RBC Capital Markets: Will you be very aggressive in trying to urge customers to opt in?
Richard K. Davis : No, were not going to do that because I want them to do it when they have decided, I want them to initiate it. So if I were to tell you ahead of time to opt in because something that hasnt happened to you, it wont be a very sustainable opt in. The rules are going to require us to have you opt in every time you have an issue. So, Id really rather have you have the moment that you know to call us the minute something happens. I mean think of the alternatives, with mobile banking and stuff like that we could easily create a product where if you have an overdraft circumstance, step out of line, dial this following number or input something in your mobile phone and all of a sudden well transfer money over, then go back in line and get your transaction. There are lots of ways, or prefunded debt cards well give you to put in your pocket in case you have to flip another card out at a moment of uncertainty. So, I think there will be plenty of ways to give customers alternatives and opt in will be probably the last reaction to a choice of in or out. I think there will be a lot of better alternatives, I dont want to force people in.
John Arfstrom  RBC Capital Markets:   Just one quick follow up, just on the small business lending I think you have talked a little bit about your focus on that and maybe that was a promise to the Administration to go back and relook at the category, but any surprises or is it about what you expected?
Richard K. Davis : You mean the second look?
John Arfstrom  RBC Capital Markets: Yes.
Richard K. Davis : So second look is really working. It is a fairly nominal opportunity to override basically the computer programming that goes along. Small business is not manually underwritten but when you have now a loan that is close call and it was going to be turned down by the computer, we do outsource it to a human. A human who takes a look at the circumstances and sees maybe what the computer couldnt. I would say probably in low 10% to 15% levels we might find a way to make that deal. It is not huge but it is better than zero. It is a good faith effort and frankly it is worth the expense we put against it for the opportunity to say yes and build the balance sheet. So I would say it is a good trade off and it is working like I thought it would.
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Rochester  FBR Capital Markets & Co.
David Rochester  FBR Capital Markets & Co.: You had mentioned briefly that you were getting more aggressive in retail pricing, it was a positive and I was just wondering what the driver for that was? Are you seeing some of your competition doing the same thing right now?
Andrew Cecere : About a year and a half ago I would say we were in the lower quartile in terms of deposit pricing in the marketplaces that we were in and in addition there were a number of competitors who were very aggressive outside of what I would call normal balance in terms of deposit pricing. So two things have occurred number one, we made a decision to be at least at the median in most of our markets. We felt that was where we needed to be in addition to the convenience and quality of our company we needed deposit pricing in the median. Secondly, many of the competitors have moderated their level of pricing. So those two things combined I think are certainly key factors in our ability to grow retail deposits.
David Rochester  FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Lastly, just given the interest rate scenario analysis you guys conducted, do you anticipate the margin comfortably rising above the 4% range maybe to the 4.25% range in the longer term as NPAs decline?
Andrew Cecere : As I said in our prepared comments, we expect relatively stable low 380s given the current rate environment and yield curve. As you can see from our Q and youll see from our K, we continue to be slightly asset sensitive so to the extent rates increase that will help us modestly.
David Rochester  FBR Capital Markets & Co.: So stable next quarter but in the longer term say two to three years out is there any reason structurally why you cant get back to a 4% to 4.25% range that you see?
Andrew Cecere : No, there is no structural reason we cant but were not projecting out that far.
Richard K. Davis : We report [24] a couple of years ago and one of those issues was not defending deposit pricing and were not that bank before. So that is one probably difference between before and after. Also, were going to stay on the high quality asset generation so we may not enjoy some of the higher margins that come with higher risk. Were simply going to stay in the conservative category and kind of earn it the old fashion way. I dont know that it couldnt get back up there David but we dont see that, at least in the next couple of years as an outcome without having to stretch for it and were not going to stretch for it.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Michael Mayo  Calyon Securities (USA), Inc.
Michael Mayo  Calyon Securities (USA), Inc.: You guys gave some of the impact from FBOP on expenses, fees and loans, what was the impact on net interest income for the fourth quarter and what was the impact on the margin?
Andrew Cecere : There was no material impact to margin Mike and net interest income was just about $100 million. 
Michael Mayo  Calyon Securities (USA), Inc.: The HAMP program on the credit losses, the charge offs were what 2.54%. If not for the HAMP program what would have charge offs been?
P. W. Parker : Are you talking about our total residential mortgage charge off rate and what it would have been without the HAMP?
Michael Mayo  Calyon Securities (USA), Inc.: Yes. Yesterday Citigroup gave a number.
P. W. Parker : We dont have that calculated. It would not be a material difference. Most of our HAMP program is in the FDIC covered but on the securitization portfolio. So a lot of it is not on the balance sheet.
Michael Mayo  Calyon Securities (USA), Inc.: You mentioned loan utilization went from 32% in the third quarter down to 30%. I thought last quarter you said it was an all time low so is this a new all time low for loan utilization?
Richard K. Davis :
Michael Mayo  Calyon Securities (USA), Inc.: When you say wholesale customer, can you define that?
Richard K. Davis : That is going to be anybody above small business even in community banking. So small business is not included but anything from lower middle market to middle market to corporate including commercial real estate in communities and in the large market. So, everything but small business.
Michael Mayo  Calyon Securities (USA), Inc.: So there is just not demand, you are willing to loan but there is no demand?
Richard K. Davis : You got it. That is a good sound bite.
Michael Mayo  Calyon Securities (USA), Inc.: Then last thing, you went through a lot of onetime or noise in the quarter and I guess I can always follow up afterwards, you had over provisioning, you had securities losses, you had a low tax rate and it seemed like you had some other noise in expenses and also fees, the other line. Is there anything else youd want to really highlight in expenses and fees as being kind of non-permanent?
Andrew Cecere : You know in expenses Mike the fourth quarter is traditionally a high level market for tax amortization expense related to our tax advantage programs and that is typically a seasonal activity that obviously occurs in the fourth quarter. That would be the principle item there. Many of the other things are acquisition related and they are going to be in the run rate on a go forward basis.
Richard K. Davis : I dont want you to think it was a noisy quarter because I thought it was pretty straight forward but, I will add one more thing. We did mention the impact of our cost containment activity in February of last year. When the market was obviously getting worse, we thought it was prudent to take a 5% expense reduction across the company and we did. Then in October we thought that things were steadying back a bit and the companys revenue was strong enough and we added it back to the pleasure of the employees and that run rate shows up in the linked quarter aspect but that is now the appropriate run rate that we are back at.  But, were it not for those actions last year we wouldnt have been able to offset some of the other loan loss charges and things as well. So, we are pleased we did it but that would be a non-sustainable linked quarter effect too Mike. But, other than that I think we should see it as a pretty standard operating.
Operator: Your next question comes from Glenn Greenberg  Brave Warrior Advisors.
Glenn Greenberg  Brave Warrior Advisors: Your non-interest income you havent really commented on in the Q&A but it seems to be coming on very strong and I know you said you have a goal of having that be about equal to your net interest income. I wanted to get your thoughts on whether you see perhaps a potential for it to exceed net interest income given the slow growth in the economy?
Richard K. Davis : I do. A couple of years ago it was ahead of net interest income because margins were tight, they yield curve wasnt very yielded well and our payments and trust businesses were gang busters. It is the complete opposite right now and our payments and trust businesses are just wide opened for business. As I said before, the freeway has got lots of lanes there are just not that many cars on it but when they are ready were ready. So I think with a higher margin and a higher asset balance sheet growth coupled with what will soon be the emerging growth again of payments and trusts, Id love them to compete with each other for 50/50 at intensely higher levels than a couple of years ago and I think were on that path. It will lag but it will eventually start giving net interest a run for their money.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Analyst for Kenneth Usdin  Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Analyst for Kenneth Usdin  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: You guys were one of the first to really go to the FDIC assisted deals with Downey and PFF. I was wondering if any of the economics changed year-over-year from when you did FBOP compared to the first two?
Andrew Cecere :
Richard K. Davis : Ken, this is interesting but Downey and PFF really were thrift kind of deals and they were consumer deals and they were mortgage deals. FBOP was a core bank deal with commercial real estate and wholesale customers. So, as much as they looked a lot alike, they were entirely different and I would say that we learned a lot from Downey and our better ability to value something like an FBOP by knowing the difference and each has it different attributes. But, between those two theres not a deal that I can think of that the FDIC could put before us that we wouldnt have high confidence in knowing exactly how to model and be able to optimize our bid in order to get the best deal if any of those comes along. So, we have kind of seen both ranges of it and I have got to say I have to give props to the FDIC. They are good to work with, they give us good feedback along the way from the closing night all the way through the accounting issues we have had very good success and have enjoyed that relationship.
Analyst for Kenneth Usdin  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: One quick follow up on the margin, I know you said there was no impact, I am assuming that refers to the purchase accounting but was there any restructuring done to FBOPs balance sheet that could have strengthened their core margin?
Andrew Cecere : No. We brought down the loans to fair market value and thats reflected in the run rate but the impact to the margin was immaterial.
Operator:  There are no further questions at this time. 
Judith T. Murphy : Thanks everyone for listening to our call today and as always, if you have questions please give me a call. Thanks.
Operator:  This concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-21 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Judy Murphy  Director, IR Richard Davis  Chairman, President and CEO Andy Cecere  Vice Chairman and CFO Bill Parker  EVP and Chief Credit Officer
Analysts: Matt O'Connor  Deutsche Bank Betsy Graseck  Morgan Stanley Nancy Bush  NAB Research, LLC John McDonald  Sanford Bernstein Mike Mayo  CLSA Ed Najarian  ISI Group Heather Wolf  UBS Carole Berger  Soleil Securities Chris Kotowski  Oppenheimer David Konrad  KBW Moshe Orenbuch  Credit Suisse
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorps third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Following a review of the results by Richard Davis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Cecere, U.S. Bancorps Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) This call will be recorded and available for a replay beginning today at approximately noon through Wednesday, October 28th at midnight. I would now like to turn the call over to Judy Murphy, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Judy Murphy: Thank you Christie and good morning to everyone who has joined our call today. Richard Davis, Andy Cecere, and Bill Parker are here with me today to review U.S. Bancorps third quarter 2009 results and to answer your questions. If you have not received a copy of our earnings release and supplemental analysts schedules, they are available on our Website at usbank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during todays call are subject to risks and uncertainties, factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are detailed in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard Davis: Thank you Judy. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Andy and I will begin the call today with a short review of U.S. Bancorps third quarter earnings results. After weve completed our formal remarks, we will open the line to questions from the audience. U.S. Bancorp recorded net income of $603 million for the third quarter of 2009. Diluted earnings per common share were $0.30 compared with $0.32 per diluted common share in the same quarter of last year, a $0.02 or 6.3% decrease year-over-year and compared with $0.12 per diluted common share in the second quarter of 2009. Solid third quarter operating earnings defined as income before provision and taxes were higher than both the third quarter of 2008 and in the prior quarter, and importantly kept pace with the increased costs of credit, including the cost of building the allowance for future credit losses to reflect the current economic conditions. In total, a number of significant items reduced diluted earnings per common share in the third quarter by approximately $0.19, and Andy will provide more detail on those items in a moment. Our performance metrics were impacted by the significant items with return on average assets in the current quarter of 0.9% and return on average common equity of 10%. Excluding significant items, return on average assets and return on average common equity would have been approximately 1.46% and 16.3% respectively. As I stated, our company continue to perform very well this quarter on an operating basis. Once again, we achieved record total net revenue this quarter, driven by growth in both net interest income and fee revenue.  A few of this quarters financial highlights included an increase in total average loans outstanding of $15.4 billion or 9.3% year-over-year, with growth in all major categories except commercial. Growth in total average loans was impacted by recent acquisitions. Without acquisitions, total average loans grew by 2.6% year-over-year. On a linked quarter basis, total average loans decreased by 1%, driven mainly by a 5.2% decrease in average total commercial loans outstanding. Similar to last quarter, the decrease in average loans outstanding was largely due to lower usage of outstanding commitment by our commercial customers. Specifically, the average rate of commitment utilization by our corporate and commercial borrowers declined from an average of about 35% in the second quarter of 2009 to approximately 32% in the third quarter. The decline in average balance is also reflected in overall softening of demand for our new loans by our customers both commercial and consumer as they remain cautious and are waiting to see concrete signs of an improving economy before investing and extending our businesses and their debt obligations. That being said, we are continuing to originate and renew lines and loans for our customers who want and need credit. In fact, during the third quarter of 2009, U.S. Bank originated almost $15 billion of new residential mortgages, and over $32 billion of other loans, plus new and renewed commitment for our consumer small business commercial and commercial real estate customers, essentially equal to the previous quarters total. We remain responsive to the credit needs of our current and new creditworthy borrowers and continue to strongly support the governments efforts to maintain the flow of credit necessary to stimulate and strengthen the economy. Growth in average deposits was another highlight of our third quarter results. Total average deposits increased by $32.8 billion or 24.6% over the same quarter of last year, and $3.1 billion or 1.9% on annualized  on a linked quarter basis. Without acquisitions, the year-over-year growth rate was an exceptionally strong 16.1%. This growth clearly indicates that our company is continuing to benefit from a flight to quality. As one of the highest rated financial institutions in the country, our lease bank, U.S. Bank National Association has a significant advantage over the competition. Consumers and businesses are looking for a safe, stable and sound financial institution, and U.S. Bank ranks at the top of that list when measured against those fundamental criteria. As I previously mentioned, the company reported record total net revenue in the third quarter. A major contributor to the success was mortgage banking related revenue, which grew year-over-year by $215 million. Total mortgage banking revenue however was lower on a linked quarter basis as it fell back about 10% from the record-setting revenue posted in the second quarter of this year. Mortgage production of $14.8 billion were significantly higher than the $7.6 billion recorded in the same quarter of 2008 and modestly below the record-setting $16.3 billion in production completed in the prior quarter. The growth in mortgage banking revenue and production is another example of the flight to quality and our companys ability to capitalize on its unique position in this market. We have moved from being one of the top 25 mortgage banking providers in the country to being one of the top 7, as many of our competitors are either no longer in the business or they are pulling back while we continue to support our customers mortgage needs, with high quality mortgage products and underwriting processes. In addition to mortgage banking, commercial products revenue and treasury management fees also showed solid double-digit growth year-over-year. I call out these two categories in particular as they most clearly illustrate how the investments we have made over the past two years, specifically in our corporate banking expansion and in building deeper relationship initiatives had now translated into positive and tangible results. With an efficiency ratio of 47.5% in the third quarter, our company has a distinction of being one of the most efficient financial institutions in the country, and I am pleased to say that we achieved positive core operating leverage this quarter on both year-over-year and linked quarter basis. We are managing our operating expenses at a level appropriate for the current environment, while prudently investing in our businesses and our employees to ensure future growth. And now moving on to credit. Credit costs in the third quarter, including the costs of building the allowance for credit losses were higher than the same quarter of 2008 and the prior quarter. But as expected, the rate of increase moderated on a linked quarter basis. Third quarter net charge-offs of $1.041 billion [ph] were 12.1% higher than the second quarter of 2009. This percentage increase was lower than the 17.9% increase reported between the first and second quarters of this year. Also and as expected, non-performing assets increased again this quarter. The $376 million or 9.4% increase was lower than last quarters linked quarter growth rate of 17.8%, another indication of the credit quality although not yet improving, its deteriorating at a slower pace. Accruing loans 90 days or more past due excluding covered assets increased by 8% over the prior period. The increase was largely related to the higher residential mortgages and a seasonal increase in credit card delinquencies, plus the impact of recent prior portfolio purchases. With regard to early stage delinquencies, total 30 to 89 days past due loans at September 30th, which is slightly higher than June 30th. Our C&I commercial real estate and small business portfolios all experienced declines in early stage delinquencies relative to the second quarter. Offsetting the positive variance in commercial related categories, the increases in early-staged delinquencies and retail lending, led by higher credit cards, first mortgages and home equity loans. The increase in early-staged delinquencies and credit cards reflected a normal seasonal pattern in the recent portfolio of purchases. Early-stage delinquencies in residential mortgages and home equity loans have been steadily increasing over the past number of quarters, but the growth rate is slowing. Our auto loans and lease portfolios were the exception in the retail category this quarter, with early-stage delinquencies improving linked quarter as the value of used cars continues to recover. Overall, these trends in our early-stage delinquencies further support our view that the pace of deterioration in credit quality is decelerating. Restructured loans that continue to accrue interest rose by 7% this quarter. Our company began actively working with customers to renegotiate loan terms late in 2007, enabling many of them to keep their homes. Since 2008, including loan service for others, we have modified over 21,000 residential mortgage loans, totaling approximately $3.6 billion. Additionally, we began participating in the  that governments mortgage modification program in August of this year and have since begun trial modification on over 3,500 loans or 12% of eligible loans. Going forward, we will continue to actively assist our customers and support the governments objectives to restore the housing markets. As expected, given the upward trends in both net charge-offs and non-performing assets, in addition to the uncertain and soft economy, we increased the allowance for credit losses this quarter by recording a $415 million incremental provision for loan losses. This represented approximately 40% of the current quarters total net charge-offs of slightly over $1 billion. This compares with an incremental provision equal to 50% of net charge-offs in both the second quarter of 2009 and the third quarter of 2008. This incremental provision raise the companys allowance for credit losses to period in-loans excluding covered assets to 2.88% from 2.66% at June 30th. The ratio of allowance to non-performing loans excluding covered assets in this quarter to 158% [ph], while the allowance to non-performing loans plus 90 days past due loans excluding covered assets remained unchanged from the prior quarter at 107%. As we look ahead 90 days, we anticipate continued growth in both net charge-offs and non-performing assets. However, we expect the rate of growth to once again trend lower. Consequently, we expect further increases to the allowance for credit losses, as credit quality stabilize and have consistent evidence of the net charge-offs are leveling off or declining. We will continue to assess the adequacy of our allowance for credit losses and provide for credit losses at a level that reflects changes in the credit risk of the portfolio and current economic conditions. Finally, and importantly, our capital position remains strong. Our Tier 1 and total capital ratios were 9.5% and 13% respectively at September 30th, both very comfortably above the well capitalized level as defined by the regulators, and following our repayment of the preferred stock issued under U.S. Treasury Capital Purchase Program. Additionally, our Tier 1 common equity ratio increased to 6.8% and our tangible common equity tangible assets ratio rose to 5.4% at the end of the third quarter. All of our capital ratios benefited from the $2.7 billion capital issuance last night and continued positive earnings. I will now turn the call over to Andy.
Andy Cecere: Thanks Richard. Once again our third quarter results demonstrated our companys ability to produce quality core earnings, while managing through a difficult economic cycle. And we would like to provide you a few details about the results. I will begin with a quick summary of the significant items that impact the comparison of our third quarters results to prior periods. First, third quarter non interest income included $76 million of securities losses, representing impairment charges on perpetual preferred securities, our SID exposure and non-agency mortgage-backed securities.  Second, other non-interest income included a $39 million gain related to our investment in Visa, and third, we recorded a $450 million provision for credit losses in excess of net charge-offs. These three significant items reduced diluted earnings per common share in the third quarter by approximately $0.19. For comparison purposes, during the third quarter of 2008, the company recorded $411 million of securities losses as well as $39 million of market disruption related losses. Additionally, results in the third quarter of 2008 included an incremental provision for credit losses of $250 million. These three significant items reduced diluted earnings per common share in the third quarter of 2008 by approximately $0.28. Significant items in the second quarter of 2009 included $19 million of security losses, $123 million related to a special FDIC assessment, and $466 million provision for credit losses in excess of net charge-offs. In addition, diluted earnings per share in the second quarter were reduced by the impact of the $154 million deemed dividend associated with the repayment of the TARP funds.  Together, these significant items reduced second quarter 2009 diluted earnings per common share by approximately $0.34. Finally, as a reminder, we purchased the warrant issued as part of the TARP program for $139 million on July 15th. This payment did not have an impact on earnings in the third quarter, as the payment represented a direct reduction to equity. Now, a few comments about operating earnings. Net interest income in the third quarter was 9.7% higher in the third quarter of 2008, primarily due to the $19 billion or 8.9% increase in average earning assets. Net interest income was 2.5% higher than the previous quarter, largely due to favorable funding rates, as average earning assets were essentially flat on a linked quarter basis. The favorable change in the companys funding costs driven by both an increase in low cost deposit balances and lower rates paid on those balances led to an increase in net interest margin, which was 3.67% in the third quarter versus 3.60% in the second quarter of 2009. Assuming the current rate environment in yield curve, we expect the net interest margin to remain relatively stable, with a slightly bias towards improvement in the fourth quarter. Total noninterest income in the third quarter was higher year-over-year by $681 million, partially due to the favorable impact of the significant items, most notably lower security clauses. However, core noninterest income including significant items and acquisitions grew by over 13% year-over-year, driven by mortgage banking revenue, commercial product revenue, treasury and management fees, ATM servicing fees and lower residual losses. Partially offsetting these positive variances were trust and investment management fees, deposit service charges and investment product fees and commissions, which declined year-over-year, adversely impacted by the slow economy and equity market conditions. Payment related fees, which were flat year-over-year, despite a meaningful job in same-store sales, as well as trust and investment management fees continue to be well positioned to rebound once the economy strengthens and the equity market stabilize. This position is in part the result of a number of recent attractive strategic acquisitions, including the bond trustee business of First Citizens Bank, the mutual funds administration and accounting service division of Fiduciary Management, the Diners Club Merchant Portfolio from Citibank, the credit card issuing programs for KeyBanc and associated bank, and a new merchant processing alliance relationship with Santander in the UK.  In late July, we also announced the creation of Syncada, a B2B joint venture with Visa. As Richard mentioned, mortgage banking revenue in the third quarter was higher than the same quarter of last year, but lower on a linked quarter basis, largely due to production volume. Included in the mortgage banking revenue this quarter was a benefit from a net impact of the change in fair value of mortgage servicing rights and the associated hedge. The net amount of the gain was $67 million in the third quarter compared with a net loss of $32 million in the third quarter of 2008 and a gain of $45 million in the second quarter of 2009. Within non interest income, the other income category was higher year-over-year, primarily due to lower end of term lease residual losses as well as the Visa gain. As we have noted during previous quarterly calls, end of term lease residual losses peaked in the latter half of 2008. The end of term losses in the current quarter were $3 million compared with losses of $84 million in the third quarter of 2008, and $14 million in the second quarter of this year. On a linked quarter basis, seasonally higher payments related revenue as well as higher commercial products revenue, deposits service charges, equity investment income and the Visa gain more than offset the declines in trust and investment management fees in mortgage banking and securities losses. Total noninterest expense in the current quarter was $240 million or 13.2% higher than the same quarter of last year. The variance was largely due to acquisitions, higher FDIC insurance premiums, marketing and business development expense related to our new FlexPerks credit card program, increased costs related to investments in tax advantage projects, which create an offsetting benefit in income tax expense and costs associated with mortgage servicing and other real estate. Noninterest expense was lower on a linked quarter basis by $76 million, as the favorable variance resulting from the second quarter special FDIC assessment was partially offset by an increase in marketing expense for the FlexPerks and higher costs related to our investment in tax advantage projects. Finally, the tax rate in the third quarter of 2009 on a taxable equivalent basis was 18.4%. This rate was lower than the previous comparable periods and reflected the marginal impact of tax exempt income, investments in affordable housing and other tax advantage projects combined with a lower pre-tax earnings year-over-year. The tax rate on a taxable equivalent basis in the fourth quarter is expected to stay relatively flat to the current quarter. I will now turn the call back to Richard.
Richard Davis: Thanks Andy. During our second quarter earnings call, I said that the first half of 2009 had been anything but ordinary for our company as we concluded and passed the regulatory stress test, placed $2.7 billion of new common equity, paid back TARP and finally completed the repurchase of the related warrant. Although we continue to operate in a challenging and uncertain economy, our vision into the future is clearer today than it was three months ago. These past three months brought us the beginning signs of stabilization and even some improvement in the markets we serve. While unemployment remains high, an indication that does not peak, the rate of sales have moderated.  The housing sector remains weak, but the pressure on housing prices have lessened and we have seen sales activity pick up in some of our most effective markets. Our commercial customers are still decreased in the usage of their outstanding lines of credit, and overall demand for new credit is not robust, but our customers are efficiently managing their businesses and prudently saving for their future. In the third quarter, our company posted record net revenues, achieved positive core operating leverage, continue to lend and gather deposits and preserve the strength of our credit rating and capital. I would consider this quarter to be much closer to business as usual than we have seen in quite some time. Our senior management team just finished participating in an extended Board of Directors meeting. During our time together, we reviewed the companys business line initiatives and overall strategic direction with the Board. After this review, the Board and the management team reaffirmed the strategic direction of our company, and we now continue to move forward building our high quality franchise, enhancing our products and service delivery, engaging and developing our employees and capitalizing on our unique position of strength and independence to differentiate just from our competition. Our third quarter results once again validated the strengths of our diverse business lines and effectively demonstrated that the momentum we have created has and will continue to effectively carry through the current cycle, while positioning us to capitalize coming [ph] to recover. U.S. Bank remains open for business and we are managing this company for the long term. As we continue to prudently lend to creditworthy borrowers, we judiciously invest in and grow our franchise. We support our community. We provide best-in-class customer service and importantly we create for our shareholders by sustaining our earnings power, high quality balance sheet and capital strength. That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Bill and I would now be happy to answer questions from the audience. Christie?
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matt O'Connor  Deutsche Bank:
 :
Richard Davis: Good morning Matt.
Matt O'Connor  Deutsche Bank: You point to a lot of small acquisitions that you have done this quarter. And just in general since the crisis began, you have done a number of deals, I was wondering if you had the total revenue pickup that you have gotten from those deals and what the earnings opportunity might be overtime, because I feel like its hard to keep track of each one, but its starting to add up?
Andy Cecere: Matt, this is Andy. What we tried to do because each individual acquisition is relatively small, but when you add them up, they do become a little bit bigger number, we tried to do as we did in this call, demonstrate the earnings growth, the revenue growth or the balance growth related to acquisitions. So as Richard mentioned, the 9% loan growth plus was about 2.8% without acquisitions and net earnings from  net interest income flows around the same level. The fee income growth was less so, because that was driven by core mortgage growth and the expense growth as we said, about $88 million of our increase year-over-year was related to acquisition. We will continue to describe the growth both with and without acquisition in future periods, because again no one individual acquisition is big, but when you add them all up, they become a number that was mentioned.
Richard Davis: And Matt, its Richard, we havent changed our philosophy that we wont do diluted transactions. So, you will find that everyone of them does that up, but what they might think is a little longer to be highly accretive, but they will start out being non dilutive and anything we have done in the last 12 months is just starting to hit some point of benefit and I think we will just see is over the course of time, they will start to add up and given your question, we will do a better job of, maybe isolating those for future calls and giving you a guidance of what we said 12-month acquisitions is really done for earnings.
Matt O'Connor  Deutsche Bank: Okay, great. And then just separately, you know, Wells Fargo came out today and provided a number of outlook comment regarding credit. They talked about consumer losses, potentially peaking first half in next year and commercial losses in the back half of next year, just wondering if you have any time frame on when you think your loss rates might peak in here, portfolio or overall?
Richard Davis: Yes, I read those, too. I will tell you. Stick to my voice that we can see 90 days really clearly, and I think we have been able to prove that at the beginning of each new quarter, we have been pretty close to right at the end of that quarter. So, I am going to stick first of all to saying we can see it at the end of the year pretty clearly and I will remind that we do see the increase of both charge-offs and non performs continuing to go upwards but at a decelerating rate, which means we are getting close to the point where we are going to hit that version, because we dont have much left to keep reducing on an increasing rate. I wont say we do see the consumers are more predictable, because its more of an annuity business, we can track their behavior and assuming seasonality, it ticks up back into historical patterns. We have a pretty good idea that the consumer wont track with unemployment, I think we see that sometime in next year, but I dont know what part of next year. On the commercial side, based on the quality of our book, I think we will emerge faster from any problems from most of our peers, but its a little less even because its more customer related than it is group or category related. So, I would also say that next year, we expect those to peak, but I wouldnt be so precise to when or which part of 2010, because we just cant see that farther.
Matt O'Connor  Deutsche Bank: Okay, fair enough. Thank you very much.
Richard Davis: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Richard Davis: Hi Betsy.
Betsy Graseck  Morgan Stanley: Hi good morning, thanks. Couple of questions, one is on the footprint in how you are thinking about capital usage for extending your footprint. You indicated that the Board confirmed the strategic plan for U.S. Bancorp, could you just help me understand what that means for capital usage and extending or enhancing the current footprint?
Richard Davis: I can, thank you. First of all, the headline was organic load at an aggressive level, and M&As will be opportunistic if and when they come along. So, what we wanted to make sure the Board is aware of this, we are going to continue to pursue what we have done in the last two years, in investing more heavily in our franchise and technology to employ engagement to some of the products and services that you will start to see more of as we build deeper relationships. Thats quite important because if we werent just start forward an M&A strategy as our future, that will be a different approach to things.
Andy Cecere: Further I would say that we talked about deepening our investment in our 24 state franchise where you would see the consumer and small business bank as opposed to trying to expand it and perhaps dilute ourselves over more locations. At the same time, we are going to spend those same energies organically on taking the commercial real estate, commercial and corporate bank more at the national level along with the trust business to expand where we have already been playing effectively. So, I think its a little (inaudible), but we basically are confirming doing more what we have done over the last couple of years allowing M&A to be an infill and depth building as opposed to expansion areas and allowing M&A to be additional to our success, but spending a fair amount of our capital in the organic measures of old fashioned banking to get long term gains.
Betsy Graseck  Morgan Stanley: And at some point, you will be hitting the density of presence in your current footprint, at levels that perhaps you are targeting already, my point is, at point do you start seeing the ROIC in expansion at a better return and potentially increasing density of presence in your current program?
Richard Davis: Thats a great point. We have further to go probably than you think, and I am not disappointed to say that. We have come to conclude like a good retailer that when we have a market position either in deposits or branch and they can be combined, of one, two or three position and 168 MSAs that we consider ourselves involve in. When we are one, two or three, its incremental and its accretive, your investments are more than one for one, where your four or five or six something below that, you will find that your investments are not as well returned and your goal would be to get up into the top three if you can in order to leverage your investments. Of those 168 markets, slightly more than half of those, we are in that one, two, three position, but inside that, which is whole lot of markets, we are not. So, theres plenty of time and energy to be placed, and theres some really good growth markets where our positions are very strong.
Andy Cecere: (inaudible) helps, well let that be a jumpstart, strategically decided to go after it directly and just start building our infrastructure in places where we are not going to get it otherwise.
Betsy Graseck  Morgan Stanley: Okay, and then lastly on capital usage, the dividend, what are the key things you are looking for to yield the conclusion that you were on to increase the dividend?
Richard Davis: I will move to question two without the dividend question. We are  and exactly we have done in all the years, very predictable, and by that I mean that its been historically, this company is routine to look at the dividend December of every year, and we will do that again in December of this year. We will make a recommendation to the Board to evaluate in December based fully on our ability to have confidence in the next one and two-year earnings results for this company. Once we get our line of sight and we have a pretty good idea where that would be, we will trust asset for regulatory policy and economic circumstances. If we like where that number comes even in the worst part of the stress test and we feel that theres ample room to begin with dividend, then that will be the moment, we will do it. At December, well, you will see it in December, if not, then that indicates that we are going to wait a little longer to see our line of sight that gives us that confidence.
Betsy Graseck  Morgan Stanley: The regulators arent going to be coming out with their capital requirements until the beginning of the year probably so, is there an opportunity for you to read, think the dividend, not just in December, but another quarterly ?
Andy Cecere: Absolutely. Always we think that and if we dont take action in December, we will continue to evaluate it until we do. I would also indicate that when I say stress test, I include what could be possible outcomes that they could place on us under those scenarios, too.
Betsy Graseck  Morgan Stanley: Got it, thanks.
Andy Cecere: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nancy Bush of NAB Research, LLC.
Nancy Bush  NAB Research, LLC: Good morning guys.
Andy Cecere: Good morning Nancy.
Nancy Bush  NAB Research, LLC:
 :
Richard Davis: Correct.
Nancy Bush  NAB Research, LLC: How do you see that going forward? And thats a very healthy ROE given the sort of zero interest rate environment, is that a sustainable number, is that a number that you can build upon and quote normal times, if you could just give your thoughts there?
Richard Davis: I will. I will have Andy give you some color around it. First of all, I think that banking in general because of the higher new bars that will be placed on all of us going forward, namely higher loan loss provisions or likely, and they were before the downturn. Higher capital requirement so likely. And now we are all seeing insurance and (inaudible) actually getting credits for. I think all three of those are natural negative vices for the ROA and ROE of the long term banks than the after versus the before scenario. But I also attempted in your question that the increasing old-fashioned banking on benefits, yield curve and the flight to quality that banks wont have in being able to be the place where our capital well recognized and we get paid for risk, I think thats a positive vibe.  So, I think that net-net, you can expect things to go close to, maybe frankly under where they were before. This bank was typically in the 21% to 22% ROE, today we are talking about a normalized 16, and I think you will see it somewhere between those two numbers as things start to settle. Having said that, we also do though enjoy a strong balance sheet management and this company does on interest rate, but we have guidance based on the way we are constructing on having it, you talked about that just briefly.
Andy Cecere: Yes, we are slightly asset sensitive, as you know, Nancy. So, to the extent rates go up, and or the yield curve steep will help us. As Richard mentioned, the key variable to get back to normalized will be the charge-off level on reserve bill. And you know, two years ago, three years ago when we were earning under 20%, we had a charge-off level below 1%, we are now well about 2%, to the extent we get back to those levels is when we will get back to our normal ROE levels.
Nancy Bush  NAB Research, LLC: Yes, and I would ask a similar question about sort of normalized mortgage banking, as you look at the mortgage market going forward, I think theres fair amount of confusion about what a real mortgage market is going to look like in the future. Could you just speak to your outlook there?
Richard Davis: We will, actually, I will have Andy give you  we studied in that in our strategy session, but as I will also say, I dont think you could plan to expect  we sort of pass to increase our mortgage business by over a third from where it was a year ago. So, we have now added hundreds of new mortgage originators, we have created new operating centers in more states and you will see it to be a more robust player in the market even with the market shrinking. We have gotten bigger and trying to grab more market share as well. As you know by our size, and our composition of other earnings, we are not going to be a one trip pony of anyones category, but I thought that mortgage to be a substantially higher, given what we do think is a long-term good and effectively, one day we will be a very predictable earnings, we want to be a bigger part of that. So, our investments will reflect that, and Andy might talk about how we see into. 
Andy Cecere: I think thats exactly why you told  about this quarter, Nancy, we had production of about $14.8 billion and that compares to a year ago about half that level of $7.6 billion. The $14.8 billion is probably higher than what would be normal run rate because of refinancing activity and the level of interest rates, but I would expect and we are also done into fourth quarter of next year, will still be 25% to 40% higher than we were a year ago, but probably on a 100% margin.
Richard Davis: We think its going to be volatile, but its still especially in old-fashioned quarter what banking does and so people will eventually need, it would be a good place for them to get their mortgages and we want to be a bigger player in that.
Nancy Bush  NAB Research, LLC: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John McDonald of Sanford Bernstein.
Richard Davis: Hi John, how are you?
John McDonald  Sanford Bernstein: Hi, good morning. I was wondering, if Andy, you could give us a little color on the puts and takes in your margin and NII outlook?
Andy Cecere: Yes, whats happened this quarter is similar to whats happened in the prior quarters, John. The loan rates, the loan yields have improved a bit principally on the wholesale commercial side. Earnings assets are relatively flat, but the big help, the big positive is our growth in core deposits, both demand deposits and interest-bearing deposits and the mix in that shift has helped our margin a bit as we talked about 367 for the quarter, I would expect to continue to slight modest positive because of that fact and we see some of the same trends that relate here in the fourth quarter.
John McDonald  Sanford Bernstein: And in terms of your positioning with the securities portfolio, I guess two questions, do you see any remaining risks in the securities product and whats your possibility about kind of growing the securities portfolio given your rate outlook?
Richard Davis: Right, we are worried about $43 billion, John. You know, our risks in the future quarters are similar to what we experienced this quarter, but albeit at a diminishing level, they are in the SIV exposure, which is down to just about $1 billion now. They are in the non-agency mortgage backed and slightly in some smaller perpetual preferring, those would be our key areas. In terms of the future, you know, the $43 billion I would expect to be relatively stable, perhaps slightly higher in future quarters.
John McDonald  Sanford Bernstein: Okay, and last question on credit, do you also expect, you mentioned slowing space of NPA growth and charge-offs growth, do you also expect a magnitude of reserve though to continue to moderate?
Bill Parker: Yes, this is Bill, John. Yes, if you look back at over the past couple of quarters, I mean fourth quarter last year, we were at 100% of charge-offs on reserve billed, 167 [ph], 50 [ph] in this quarter, 40% though. Again, we evaluated at the end of each quarter and its highly dependent on our economic outlook at that time, yes we do anticipate that, that assuming of losses continue to moderate, which we believe they will go in the fourth quarter, that will come down to.
John McDonald  Sanford Bernstein: Okay, and Billy, I knew you just started to have modification program, but just a general comment about how modifications even beyond have and restructurings might be impacting your NPAs and delinquencies?
Bill Parker: Yes, as you know, we just did start  and I will point out that we actually  when they published a 3% effective rate or 3% of those that were eligible at (inaudible) actual number was 12% and we anticipate that will improve over the next quarter or two as we stabilize the program. If we look at our total restructured loan book, we have about $1.3 billion in restructured mortgages, we look at the AA as one, which is the way regulators often report that the two payment default, the re-default rate for our overall book, thats about 25%, and we also look at it for those that go into the program but then eventually close, and thats about 25%. Those are the two key metrics that we launched.
Richard Davis: John, this is Richard. We dont get too many chances to offer to carry on things. But the participation has a lot to do with quality. So, we may never get to the high end of that number, and I am not going to apologize for it, we dont have a portfolio that warns that, but we will be as everybody elses best practice in terms of doing the right job of restructuring mortgages and helping people, stay in their homes. So, I would caution all of you that its not the only modifications we do, and it probably has a lot more to do with the quality that we start within the facility.
John McDonald  Sanford Bernstein: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo of CLSA.
Richard Davis: Good morning Mike.
Mike Mayo  CLSA: Good morning. My questions are really on kind of whats normal, so starting with the loan utilization, down from 35% in the second quarter to 32% in the third quarter. Is this is an all-time low, whats the long-term average, what do you think about that?
Richard Davis: Yes, this is Richard. Its a record low for as long as we have been tracking in this management team, but I know they are going to spend in the 30% range as well. I think what I would tell you over the normal course is when you take the mix of our business is we are probably in the 35% to 40% range of utilization, and you know, pretty well diversified across commercial and consumer and thats probably the better place to market. So, it doesnt sound like a lot, but when you take it on a 100-plus billion dollars and you lose a couple of percentage points, its meaningful and I think moving from 32 back up into that mid-30s, and maybe high 30s will be as impressive as just making loans the old fashioned life. I will also offer to you all as evidenced that that it will appear that banks are not participating in the recovery of the economy because our loan books are shrinking and in some cases, that may be accurate, but for this bank, its certainly isnt accurate to say that. I think the reflection of customers usage, these are people that already have loans approved, clients approved, probably its pretty preferred rate, and they are choosing not only to not use in more of it, they are actually choosing to pay it down, which is about (inaudible) for new demand being people given the circumstances and peoples tolerance right now to extend their balance sheet.
Mike Mayo  CLSA: So, pay downs are influencing the bottom line number there?
Richard Davis: Most of it, in fact, for our 1% linked quarter of decrease, the majority of it is coming from the decrease in the utilization.
Mike Mayo  CLSA: And are you also seeing a switch back to the capital markets from bank financing?
Andy Cecere: That is also a factor, Mike, thats a good point, and you know, that has opened up and loosened quite a bit in the last couple of quarters, and that has helped some of the higher graded companies alternative sources of capital.
Mike Mayo  CLSA: So, you should be helping things recover on the negative side though, the overdraft charges with the big banks indicated that this was going to impact them starting with fourth quarter, how much should a reduction in overdraft fees impact you and when do you think it might impact you?
Richard Davis: First of all, the newest item is coming out of the (inaudible) with a very aggressive position. I am not going to justify that I am going to count on the fact that we will have plenty of time to get that into committee and come up with a solution in the expense, but in the meantime, we along with others made comments 30 or 40 days ago that ours would begin in the first quarter of 2010, nothing in 2009  fourth quarter of this year, and in accordance with that, you can size it for yourself, but I think the best estimates have been the fact that it would be a couple of hundred million dollars in reduced fees, and depending on how the customer behavior moves forward, how they decide to opt out, whether or not their behaviors are as we predict them to be, thats a pretty wide swing, Mike. For us, its going to move the needle, its not going to change the way we run the company, but its something to watch for, and I would say, as I said it has nothing but negative bias for long-term fee businesses the banks are in, but I am not ready to size it, as I just dont know what the final rules would be.
Mike Mayo  CLSA: Okay, I am sorry. When you said a couple of hundred million in less fees, thats what some people have estimated and that might not be a crazy estimate?
Richard Davis: Thats right.
Mike Mayo  CLSA: Okay, and then last question, just a follow-up to the mortgage banking question, is there any way to kind of give a rough estimate, how much your mortgage banking fees this quarter, for example would do to refi versus people buying new homes?
Richard Davis: About 80% refinancing, Mike.
Mike Mayo  CLSA: And I heard recently, someone said starting in a year or so for the next several years, the only mortgage banking business you will see is due to the purchase of new homes, is that just a stupid statement or is there some truth to that?
Richard Davis:
 :
Andy Cecere: The quality of the GAAP period  I dont know how long or when, but when rates start to go back up, they will be that last flash of people who think, My God, I will have to refinance go forward, and then as rates start to come up, and I think that will be faster than new volume will get to the old days, so probably it will be net negative to overall mortgage banking income in that window, it could be 90 days, It could be six months, I dont know, but whenever that happens, it will probably a small fold in the earnings continuity, but on the other side of this  houses are fairly priced, people are getting new homes, and they will start to refinancing because they have to and not because its rate driven, and I think it will be an old-fashioned business in a couple of years.
Mike Mayo  CLSA: All right, thats helpful, thank you.
Andy Cecere: Thanks Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Najarian of ISI Group.
Ed Najarian  ISI Group: Good morning guys. Hello?
Andy Cecere: Yes, hi Ed.
Ed Najarian  ISI Group: Hi, most of my questions have been answered, but just one more on the tax rate, you have been running with these below normal tax rates for the last several quarters, you indicated thats going to stay low in the fourth quarter. Can you talk about the pace that, that might normalize in 2010 into 2011?
Andy Cecere: So, the tax rate at 18.3% [ph] this quarter is down because of two reasons, principally the increase in tax credit related business which causes an increase in expense. So, you see our expense going up about $41 million both on a linked quarter and on a year-over-year basis. That has a direct relation to a lower tax rate, that combined with the fact that our income levels are just lower than it would be normal. So, as I talked about in the last call, we think our full year number is about 20%, we still think that. The first half of the year is just above 20%, the second half is just below 20%. We would expect the activities related to CDC to continue to be strong as we go into the rest of this year and next year. And you know, overtime when we get back to our normalized level, our tax rate will begin to increase from the 20s approaching the 30s, but it will take a while to get to normalized revenue levels.
Ed Najarian  ISI Group: Okay, so really that move from 20 to 30 is mostly a function of getting, of the earnings normalizing?
Andy Cecere: That is correct.
Ed Najarian  ISI Group: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Wolf of UBS. 
Andy Cecere: Good morning Heather.
Heather Wolf  UBS: Hi good morning. Just a quick follow-up on your outlook, the one to two year view of earnings and the stress test for capital levels and reserve levels, would you be willing to share with us what some of those stress tests are?
Andy Cecere: Categorically, the stress test will be first and foremost to the economy, starting with unemployment rates and how they affect our portfolios and which parts, expected usage of lines, remember we talked about earlier about our commercial customers. Then I would move to regulatory and political and they are different, they are both very different, these stress tests would cause us to be pretty wide on our variance just in terms of what we think can happen in both law policy, the new consumer protection agencies from those activities are certainly new variables that werent there before. And then finally, I add back all of the momentum that this company is having today on its organic, well invested organic initiatives over the last couple of years, supply to quality and then getting things to that point is normal. I believe flight to quality is even bigger than it was a few months for this company, and frankly, the longer the down turn, its presence the more benefit on a relative basis, it traps to you. As Frank said, its not good for all of us to be in this circumstance. So, we are building a circumstance where eventually the flight of quality is neutralized and we are not getting gains from that, we are getting it from just being a provider of more services to more people with more relationships in more places and carrying that momentum with the kind of normalcy that you come to expect years before. So, the flight to quality is a great opportunity for us to use this to reinvest in the bank while we are gaining those benefits, but really to not rely on it for too long. So, put all of that in the mix, Heather, and I think this area  they are provocative and the statistics that we have signed to them and the Board was interested in seeing how we would align the risks and the rewards, but net-net, we feel very positive that the old-fashioned way of banking for a company like ours which is big but pretty simple has been pretty positive, thats a very nice positive vibes through over the next couple of years.
Heather Wolf  UBS: And more specifically on the regulatory stress test, what kind of capital levels and reserve levels will you be stressing for?
Andy Cecere: Now, thats the art of it, not the time. So, that I am not going to disclose to you, because thats proprietary, the lesser degree that what you see in the last couple of quarters, namely raise $2.7 million in May to get to a point that we thought was more than sufficient to accept a supportive balance sheet with a good capital position, able to withstand any of the  continuing decreasing economy and hopefully enough to be a place for the regulators under any circumstances would say, you are well capitalized and we are satisfied with where you are, but thats the art of it, and so, our efficiency were made our own best estimates, and we continue to be that and the fact that this company  (inaudible) decent run of money every quarter, we believe gives us an ability to feel all the more confident at where we are, isnt good enough, we are going to be there very shortly no matter what the rules are. So, we put that out there is not a high risk for this company, but one just a pretext.
Heather Wolf  UBS: Okay, and then just the $1.3 billion in mortgage PRs, can you just give us dollar value thats in non-accrual versus the dollar value on performing?
Andy Cecere: Well, the ones that are reported, the $1.3 million is all performing.
Heather Wolf  UBS: Okay, wonderful, thank you very much.
Andy Cecere: Thanks Heather.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carole Berger of Soleil Securities.
Andy Cecere: Hello Carole.
Richard Davis: Carole, you there?
Carole Berger  Soleil Securities: Yes, good morning guys.
Richard Davis: Good morning.
Carole Berger  Soleil Securities: All right, I had my mute on. Most of my questions have been asked and answered. I was just wondering, you have a figure for tangible book value per share?
Richard Davis: 11.04 [ph].
Carole Berger  Soleil Securities: 11.04?
Richard Davis: Right.
Carole Berger  Soleil Securities: Thank you.
Richard Davis: You bet.
Andy Cecere: Thanks Carole. Nice to hear from you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Kotowski of Oppenheimer.
Chris Kotowski  Oppenheimer: Hi, if I compare you to most regional banks, I guess I would say your mix of business is very much a regional bank kind of mix of business, one of the things thats really different about you is that you have held your margin very well where its been under severe pressure for most of the rest of the industry, and most of the other companies are now kind of guiding to the incremental reprising of loans and deposits adding a couple of basis points a quarter maybe, but then you know, should rates ever go up, then we will get a benefit and see margins going back to where they were or a while back. And I am just kind of curious, you are kind of guiding to flat to slightly up margins. I mean, if the industry, if the regional banking industry generalized recaptures, you know, 30, 40, 50 basis points that they lost over the last two years, how much of a benefit would you anticipate getting from that?
Andy Cecere: So, Chris, when I talked about a relatively flat with a positive bias, I prefaced it with given the current rate environment in yield curve, and we continue to expect and we have been pretty close to our expectations with regard to margin and perhaps at beating in each of the quarters. So, we expect it to migrate up a little bit, but not a lot. To the extent rates increase and more importantly the yield curve steepens, that will be a positive bias to us and I would imagine to many banks, partly because we are asset sensitive and partly because that was (inaudible).
Richard Davis: Hi Chris, its Richard. If you look back a couple of years, in the 420s or 430s [ph], I wouldnt guide you to that number again. One of the reasons you were there is because we were fairly uncompetitive in deposit pricing, in fact, many of you who have followed us for a long time know that we are in the bottom depth in most of the marketplace  look at that earlier, we are not there anymore. We are competitive, we are in the middle of the pack, in places we want to win, we will go out even higher  discussion on being a market leader, it can afford you more leverage when you do change rates. So, on the deposit side, I think loans will give stronger overtime to the industry, because we will continue to have more opportunity. We will get more of the (inaudible) and we will be able to have a risk premium that we did have going into that downturn. On the deposit side for U.S. Bank, its probably closer to where its going to be now than it will be either a risk or reward going forward. So, we are pleased with where we are and we have given some of that margin  I dont write it even in higher back in the form of deposits.
Chris Kotowski  Oppenheimer: Okay, thank you.
Richard Davis: Thanks Chris.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Konrad of KBW.
Richard Davis: Hi David.
David Konrad  KBW: Hi good morning. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the processing company, overall processing revenues were flat year-over-year, but linked quarter up quite a bit, and really the run rate from this year, its up quite a bit. So, I dont know, it seems a little bit more than seasonal based on looking at last year, but and perhaps it had something to do with the recent acquisitions, but just  and it looks like pretty good growth rate. Just wondering if you could comment that on your outlook for revenues there?
Richard Davis: David, thank you. One of the things I would have hung up and just point and talk about. The fact that its left and the portfolios that we do processing for our 8%  (inaudible) down over the same period. Probably that number taught anything else on the  it doesnt get a lot of visibility and thank you for calling it out. Yes, a little bit to do with acquisitions, but it has a lot more to do with our European and our international processing coming in this quarter now. Remember a year ago, right now, we are talking about a big investment in an international payment platform that would be scaleable and useable in all over the world. That was installed about a year ago, to start about this year, its changed greatly the ability for us to be scalable and some of these acquired properties outside of the base. And in this face, we just continue to have a better benefit on renegotiating some of our terms with our merchants, having a much better retention than we have had in years past, the attritions laydown and frankly a lot of our competitors in the merchant acquiring space are very disrupted or been disrupted action to their customers and we have been completely steady state  but overall making a lot more money on it. So, when that sooner comes back, I always talk about this bank  the corporate trust affected by primarily the markets and the payment business affected by the economy. When those two hit back, force some their companies with kind of a aid [ph] underneath themselves or we are satisfied that is a grip beginning to show that we see some improvement in the economy and we are going to call that out as one of the positive finds.
David Konrad  KBW: Great, thank you.
Richard Davis: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Moshe Orenbuch of Credit Suisse.
Richard Davis: Good morning.
Moshe Orenbuch  Credit Suisse: Hi, thanks. Was hoping you could expand a little bit, within the expenses, it seems like the increase was heavily concentrated in marketing and this is development you alluded in the text of the press release, too, card products and things, could you just expand a little more on what your plans might be going forward in that area?
Richard Davis: Yes, so we talked a lot on FlexPerks and just to be specific there, FlexPerks as you recall was our solution to the decision when the WorldPerks card portfolio was taken by AmEx when Delta [ph] was merged. The portfolio that was ours, we never gave up the portfolio to keep, and so we decided to invest heavily in the portfolio to recreate different rewards program for those customers. I wouldnt tell exactly the numbers, but I will say that our early results have been significantly better than we hoped in terms of retention of customers to keep their WorldPerks card now called FlexPerks, the challenge we have now, Moshe, is to make sure that, that turns into spending behaviors not just card retention, and while we are  it comes in that order, by the way, we have plenty more cards than we thought we would have in our original expectations. So, the advertising seems to have worked.  Now, we need to create a rewards program routine and their behavior that helps people say I really want to use this card. So, ask me again in 90 days, we will see how thats going, but the investment of advertising which is also marketing and collateral and all the things that go along with creating the rewards and rewards themselves been part of that cost. The other thing in that category expense as you will see will be just overall brand development advertising and some collateral that we have been doing with our clients, and also underneath that as part of our corporate bank and wealth management restructurings that we have been talking about for a couple of quarters.  We are getting more national view on the corporate side and doing a better job at the higher end wealth management clients that we have done in the past, creating a new brand called private client reserve and setting a lot of energy, bringing a lot of new employees with those kinds of talent to amend what we have not had here in years past which is a very high wealth management capability. So, those expenses are both noninterest expense and personnel expense and they are all aligned with that organic investment I have been talking about during the call, all of which will probably yield benefits in the future quarters more than they have now. Thats all, its pretty much the real delta between the variance of the prior period and current period, its been marketing in people.
Moshe Orenbuch  Credit Suisse: Great, thanks very much.
Andy Cecere: Thank you.
Operator: And we have reached the allotted time for the question-and-answer session. Are there any closing remarks?
Richard Davis: Thank you Christie. First of all, I thank you enough for your interest in our company and I mean that. I will tell you, with a very good strategic meeting that we just came back from actually yesterday. We have been gone over the weekend, and I must say when you put it on paper to explain to your Board of Directors where your opportunities lie, where your weaknesses are, and where your future is going, it gives us great celebration to pause and say simple and basic is good, and you are going to see more of that from us. We will continue to protect our prudent, our risk and credit underwriting philosophies, you will see us to be a watchful on the expenses, but we are also making a lot more revenues, so we will reinvest that.  And while whereas the dividend is an important step in our shareholders focus, and finally I cant put words around at the momentum we are feeling in the company by the employee engagement and their pride of being part of this company is probable, you cant taste it. And I am excited to show it off to you over the coming quarters. So, thanks for your interest in our company and if you have any others questions, Judy, Andy, Bill and I are happy all day long to answer those questions. Judy?
Judy Murphy: Absolutely. Thank you for listening to our call and absolutely feel free to call me if you do have questions later today. Thank you.
Richard Davis: Thanks Christie.
Andy Cecere: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-22 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard Davis - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Andy Cecere - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer Bill Parker - Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer Judy Murphy - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Matthew OConnor - Deutsche Bank Ed Najarian - Isi Group Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley David Rochester - FBR Capital Markets John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein Nancy Bush - NAB Research Mike Mayo - CLSA
Operator: Welcome to US Bancorps second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Following a review of the results by Richard Davis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Andy Cecere, US Bancorps Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately noon eastern time through Wednesday, July 29 at 12 midnight eastern time. I will now turn the conference call over to Judy Murphy, Director of Investor Relations for US Bancorp.
Judy Murphy: Thank you, Michael and good morning to everyone listening to the call today. Richard Davis, Andy Cecere, and Bill Parker are here with me to review US Bancorps second quarter 2009 results, and to answer your questions. If you have not received a copy of our earnings release and supplemental analysts schedule, they are available on our Web site at usbank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during todays call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are detailed in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard Davis: Thank you, Judy. And good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Andy and I would begin the call today with a short review of US Bancorps second quarter results. After we have completed our brief formal remarks, we will open the line for questions from the audience. Since our last earnings call, a number of significant events have occurred that have impacted our investors and our customers, as well as our company as a whole. I would like to take a moment to summarize those events before Andy and I review the details of our second quarter financial results. On May 8, the results of the SCAP supervisory capital program or stress test were released. As we announced US Bancorp passed the stress test. I am also very proud to say that we ranked the best among our peers in the category of Resources to Absorb Losses to Risk-Weighted Assets and Total Loan Loss Rates. On May 11, w announced a $2.5 billion common stock offering and $1 billion non-guaranteed debt issuance. The capital raised was not prompted by the results of the stress test, but rather by our companys desire to redeem the $6.6 billion of preferred stock issued to the US treasury under the capital purchase programs and a move forward from a position of strategic flexibility and dependence. The issuance of the non-guaranteed debt was also required to qualify to repay the TARP fund. We were very pleased with the outcome of this issuance, as it was completed at the best pricing of any other peer bank debt issuance up to that date, and was a testament to the credit quality of our institution. Both the common stock offering, which raised $2.7 billion of capital and the debt issuance were successfully completed in one day. On June 17 we announced that we had redeemed the $6.6 billion of TARP funds and finally, on July 15th, announced that we completed our participation in the program by repurchasing the warrant issued in conjunction with the TARP funds for $139 million. A successful exit from the TARP program validates the strength of US Bancorp. We are grateful for the support of the taxpayers and the regulators during our participation in the program and we are now looking forward to capitalizing on our position as one of the largest independent banks in the country. While we were managing through these corporate events, the rest of the company continued to run business as usual, and produce strong core operating earnings in what can only be described as a very stressed economic environment. US Bancorp recorded net income of $471 million for the second quarter of 2009. Diluted earnings per common share were $0.12 cents. Once again we achieved record total net revenue this quarter and it was driven by growth in both net interest income and fee revenue, the latter of which was led by mortgage banking activity. Although core operating earnings were strong, significantly higher credit costs, including the costs of building the allowance for credit losses to reflect existing economic conditions and higher FDIC insurance costs resulted in earnings that were lower than the second quarter of 2008 and the previous quarter. Significant items impacting the companys second quarter earnings per share included an FDIC special assessment of $123 million, accelerated amortization of the discount or deemed dividend of $154 million associated with the TARP preferred stock redemption, net securities losses of $19 million, and $466 million of provision expense in excess of net charge-offs. In total, significant items reduced diluted earnings per common share in the second quarter by approximately $0.34 cents. Our performance metrics were impacted by these significant items with a return on average offset in the quarter of 0.71% and the return on average common equity of 4.2%. Excluding the significant items I just noted, return on average assets and return on average common equity would have been 1.41% and 15.9% respectively. As I stated, our company continued to perform well this quarter on an operating basis, and I would like to review a few of the financial highlights that impacted these results. First, we recorded strong overall growth in total average loans year-every-year. Total average loans outstanding increased by $20.8 billion or 12.8% with growth in all major categories. Excluding the impact of recent acquisitions, total average loans on a core basis grew by over 5% year-over-year. On a linked quarter basis, total average loans decreased by 1%. This linked decrease in average loans outstanding was principally due to the reduction in commitment utilization. Specifically, the average rate of commitment utilization by our corporate and commercial borrowers declined from an average of slightly over 37% in the first quarter of 2009 to slightly under 35% in the second quarter. The decline also reflected an overall softening of demand for new loans by our customers, both commercial and consumer as they maintained a cautious outlook on the economy and their own growth opportunities. We are, however, continuing to originate and renew new lines and loans for our current and new customers. In fact, during the second quarter of 2009, US banks originated over $16 million of residential mortgages, another record quarter for US bank home mortgage. We originated over $4 billion of consumer loans, including installment loans, student loans, lines of credit and home equity lines and loans. We originated new prime based credit card accounts with lines totaling $2.5 billion. We issued almost $9 billion of new commitments and renewed over $16 billion of commitments to small businesses, commercial and commercial real estate customers. Overall, new originations plus new and renewed commitments were over 12% higher than in the previous quarter. As I stated at the time we announced the redemption of our TARP preferred stock, we continued to look forward supporting the governments efforts to maintain the flow of credit in these stressful economic times. We will continue to be responsive to the borrowing needs of our current and new creditworthy customers, and more importantly, we had the capacity to do so. Another highlight of the second quarter results was our outstanding growth in total average deposits. Total average deposit increased by $27.4 billion or 20.2% over the same quarter last year and $2.7 billion 1.7% un-annualized on a linked quarter basis. Without acquisitions the year-over-year growth was a very strong 11.2%. We continue to be one of the highest rated financial institutions in the country with our lead bank U.S. Bank National Association rated AA1 by Moodys, AA minus by S&P, AA minus by Fitch and AA high by [BVR]. These ratings have given us a significant advantage as our customers make the decision as to where they should bank and where they should place their trust. The excellent growth in the average deposits further illustrates that our company is benefiting from the uncertainty in the financial market and the flight to quality that consumers and businesses that are looking for a safe, stable and sound financial institution. As I previously mentioned, the company reported record total revenue in the second quarter. A major contributor to this success was mortgage banking, which also produced record selling revenue with increases year-over-year and linked quarter of $227 million and $75 million respectively. The growth in mortgage banking revenue reflected higher origination fees, servicing revenue and a favorable change in the fair value of mortgage servicing rights, and that of economic hedging activity, the latter which had a positive impact on revenue this quarter. Record mortgage production of $16.3 billion was significantly higher than both the same quarter of 2008 and of the prior quarter. Finally, I would like to draw your attention to non-interest expense, which was impacted by the special FDIC assessment and overall increasing the rate of insurance coverage, partially offset by benefits from the implementation of the companys cost containment plan in late January. Year-over-year excluding impact of acquisitions and incremental cost of FDIC insurance, total non-interest expense increased by less than 1%. The $258 million increase in expense on a linked quarter basis was the result of the increase in FDIC expense, as well as seasonally adjusted higher operating expense, and a national marketing campaign, partially offset by the companys cost saving efforts. Our efficiency ratio as reported for the second quarter of 2009 was 51.0%. Excluding the FDIC special assessment the efficiency ratio was 48.0%. We continue to be one of the most efficient financial institutions in the industry. And I am pleased to report that we achieved positive core operating leverage this quarter on a year-over-year basis. Now moving on to credit; as I pointed out earlier, an increase in credit costs including the cost of building the allowance for credit losses drove the year-over-year reduction in the companys net income. Net charge-offs of $929 million were 17.9% higher than the first quarter of 2009. A lower percentage increase than we experienced in the previous quarters. The increase in net charge-offs once again reflected the continued stress in residential home and mortgage-related industries, and the impact of the worsening economy on both our retail and commercial customers. Also, and as expected, nonperforming assets increased this quarter. The rate of increase at 17.8% was however; lower than the past number of quarters. At June 30th, the total nonperforming assets were $4.016 billion compared with $3.410 billion at March 31. Included in total nonperforming assets were $682 million of loans and other real estate covered by a loss-share agreement with the FDIC in conjunction with our two California acquisitions. There is a minimal amount of potential loss in these loans, given the terms of the agreement with the FDIC.  Excluding these covered assets, the majority of increase in nonperforming loans within the core bank portfolio was related to residential mortgage and residential construction-related industries, as well as other commercial real estate lending. Restructured loans that continued to accrue interest rose by 10.8% as the company continues to work with customers to renegotiate loan terms, enabling them to keep their homes. Since 2008, including loans serviced for others, we have modified over 15,800 residential mortgage loans totaling approximately $3.5 billion. These efforts are consistent with the governments objective to restore the housing markets and are aimed to retain the value of these relationships for our shareholders. As expected, given the upward trends of both net charge-offs and nonperforming assets, in addition to the continued weakness in the economy, we increased the allowance for our loan loss this quarter by recording an incremental provisions for loan losses in excess of net charge-offs of $466 million. This represents approximately 50% of the current quarters total net charge-offs of $929 million. With this addition, the companys allowance for credit losses to periods-end loans, excluding covered assets was 2.66% compared with 2.37% at March 31 and the ratio of allowance to nonperforming loans excluding covered assets was 152%. As we look ahead 90 days, we anticipate continued growth in both net charge-off and nonperforming assets. However, we expect the rate of growth to trend lower. Going forward, we expect to continue to increase the allowance for loan losses until our credit quality has stabilized and we have consistent evidence that net charge-offs levels are leveling off or declining. We will continue to assess the adequacy of our allowance for loan losses and provide for credit losses at a level that reflects changes in the credit risk of the portfolio and the current economic conditions. Finally, and importantly, our capital positions remain strong. Our Tier 1 and total capital ratios were 9.4% and 13.0% respectively at June 30, both comfortably above the well capitalized bubble as defined by the regulators. Additionally our Tier 1 common equity ratio increased to 6.7% from 5.4% at March 31, and our tangible common equity to tangible assets rose from 3.8% at March 31 to 5. 1% on June 30. All these ratios benefited from the recent $2.7 million capital issuance and positive earnings. Let me now turn the call over to Andy.
Andy Cecere: Thanks Richard. Overall the companys second quarter results reflected the quality of our core franchise and its earnings power. And I would like to provide you with a few more details. Ill begin with a quick summary of the significant items that impact the comparison of our second quarter results to prior periods. First non-interest income included $19 million in securities losses. Included in this total were $88 million of impairment charges on securities including perpetual preferred securities, our SIV exposure and a few agency and non-agency mortgage-backed securities. These impairment charges were partially offset by gains and securities sold during the quarter of $69 million. Second, other non-interest expense in the second quarter included a pre-tax $123 million charge for an FDIC special assessment that will be paid in the third quarter. Third diluted earnings per share was reduced by the impact of $154 million deemed dividend, associated with the repayment of the TARP funds and finally, we recorded an incremental provision for credit losses in excess of net charge-offs of $466 million in the second quarter. These significant items in the second quarter reduced diluted earnings per common share by approximately $0.34 cents. For comparison purposes during the second quarter of 2008, the company recorded $63 million in securities losses. Additionally, results in the second quarter of 2008 included an incremental provision for credit losses of $200 million. The net impact of the second quarter 2008 significant items reduced diluted earnings per share by approximately $0.11 cents. Finally non-interest income in the first quarter of 2009 included $198 million in security losses, a $92 million gain on a corporate real estate transaction. The prior quarter also included an incremental provision expense of $530 million. Together, these significant items reduced first quarter 2009 diluted earnings per common share by approximately $0.28. As Richard mentioned at the beginning of the call, we repurchased the warrant issued as part of the TARP program for $139 million on July 15th. This payment will not have an impact in earnings the third quarter as the payment represents a direct reduction in equity. The payment will result in a nominal reduction in our Tier 1 and total capital ratios of approximately 6 basis points. Now, a few comments about operating earnings. Net interest income in the second quarter was 10.3% higher than the second quarter of 2008, primarily due to a strong 10.5% increase in average earning assets. As projected, net interest margin for the quarter was 3.60%, one basis point higher than the previous quarter or in other words relatively stable. Our outlook for the net interest margin hasnt changed. Going forward, assuming the current rate environment and yield curve, we continue to expect net interest margin to remain relatively stable. Total non-interest income in the current quarter was higher year-over-year, primarily due to strong mortgage banking revenue as well as favorable variances in net securities losses, commercial product revenue, ATM processing revenue and treasury management fees. The growth in both, commercial product revenue and treasury management fees reflected the companys ongoing revenue initiatives. Payment related revenue, trust and investment management fees, as well as deposit service charges and investment products fees and commissions declined year-over-year, adversely impacted by the slowing economy and unfavorable equity market conditions. These revenue categories, particularly payments in trust and investment management, however are positioned to rebound as the economy strengthens and the equity market stabilized. Within non-interest income, other income was lower year-over-year, primarily due to an unfavorable variance in equity investment income, which was partially offset by lower end-of-term lease residual losses. Strong mortgage banking revenue and seasonally higher payments related revenue, trust and investment management fees, deposit services charges, treasury management fees, all contributed to the growth in non-interest income, excluding significant items of $180 million on a linked-quarter basis. Additionally, the other income category benefited from the lower end-of-term losses on auto leases. As we indicated in our last call in January, the end-of-term losses on retail auto leases peaked in the third quarter of 2008 at $84 million, as a number of cars coming off-lease began to decline. End-of-term losses in the second quarter of 2009 were down to $14 million. Finally, excluding the increase in FDIC insurance costs and acquisitions, non-interest expense was essentially flat year-over-year, again demonstrating the companys ability to control expense at a level appropriate for the current operating environment. I will now turn the call back to Richard.
Richard Davis: Thanks, Andy. The past few months have been anything but ordinary for our company. We have been operating in one of the most challenging economic environments in our countrys history. We completed and passed the regulatory stress test. We raised $2.7 billion of new common equity, redeemed $6.6 billion of preferred stock and subsequently completed the repurchase of the related warrant. Working against this extraordinary event as a backdrop, our company posted record net revenue, maintained a control expense environment, continued to lend and gather deposits and preserved the strength of our credit ratings and capital base. As we move forward, we will continue to build our franchise, enhance our products and services and engage and develop our employees. In other words, we will capitalize on our now unique position of strength and independence to further differentiate U.S. Banc from its competitors. In fact, in early July we launched a nationwide ad campaign to reinforce those methods to our current and future customers as well as all of our financial partners. We felt this is the opportune time to further build brand awareness for our company in a distinctive position as one of the nations largest independent financial institution. Our focus on revenue generation continues with an emphasis on building deeper relationship with our customers. For example, 39 weeks into our relationship review initiative, weve held over 6,700 meetings with clients and have identified almost 9000 opportunities to increase share of wallet, which translates into potential incremental annual revenue of almost $400 million. On the revenue side, approximately 10% of our households have now signed up for a relationship deepening package or product that provide our customers the superior value and create more value for our shareholders. While focusing on these another new revenue-producing initiative, we remain poised to capture the many opportunities that will present themselves as the financial markets and the worldwide economy recovers. We expect to continue to be among the best performers in the industry, as our diversified mix of businesses, longstanding prudent approach to risk, dedicated employees and the strength of our balance sheet enable us to manage and even prosper in this period of unsurpassed economic stress. In conclusion, our second quarter results reaffirmed that our fundamental businesses remain strong, although credit cards remain and will remain elevated in the near-term; we are open for business and managing this company for the long-term. As we continue to prudently lend to creditworthy borrowers, judiciously invest in and grow our franchise, support our communities, serve our customers, and importantly create value for our shareholders by sustaining our earnings power, high quality balance sheet and capital strength. That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Bill Parker and I will now be happy to answer any questions from the audience.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Matthew OConnor - Deutsche Bank.
Matthew OConnor - Deutsche Bank: The past few quarters, I think you have been a little bit more explicit your charge-off guidance and this time youre just saying will remain elevated. Any comments you want to give in terms of what elevated might mean? I mean up another 15%, 20% flattish?
Richard Davis: As I told you in the quarters before this we were always projecting that we would see pretty much flat results from the prior quarters and then last time we met 90 days ago, we said that we start to see that coming down. In other words the trajectory of the increase would come down. Id expect that the trajectory you saw coming down in this quarter from prior quarters will continue in that same direction in the future quarter. In other words we are starting to see this continued reduction in increase becoming now a more consistent outcome. So, if you like what you saw between quarters one and two, I think youll start to see the same trajectory follow in quarters two to three.
Matthew OConnor - Deutsche Bank: So, charge-off closed to slow, and that would apply to NPAs as well or [it will be tough there]?
Richard Davis: Wed do both. So, that both moving in, not exact lock step, but both moving in the direction the same way. Its a fairly positive outcome.
Matthew OConnor - Deutsche Bank: Just in general like if we think they picture here youve managed the risk well on the market disruption in the first part of the cycle, consumer credit, the second part. I have some folks out there, very much out there, pretty concerned on the C&I and the commercial real estate. Two questions one, whats your outlook for those loan buckets in general? Two, has there been a meaningful difference in underwriting at USB versus others the last several years?
Richard Davis: Yes, I want Bill to answer the specifics, but Ill tell you I think we are continuing to enjoy the benefits of the many years of not stretching to make loans to C&I and commercial real estate customers. I think youd agree as what we told; we were the last large bank into the recession in terms of credit distress.  I predict that well be the first out because that longevity of longstanding prudence is going to pay us dividends. Youll see that we are stressing like everyone else. I think youll continue to see our peaks and valleys will be muted compared to others. Bill wants to bring some color on that.
Bill Parker: Sure. On the C&I portfolios the mid markets and corporate portfolios, the only areas that have been problematic there are the newspapers, media and gaming type industries, where you see higher leverage points.  We do not have a large leveraged portfolio. So, our core middle market and corporate is actually holding up pretty well. They have taken the correct actions to weather the storm. Small business, of course sees some stress in its environment, but overall C&I is holding up pretty well. On commercial real estate, we talked about residential construction for a long time now, almost two years into this. What began in California and our outstanding there now $2.7 billion is down from over $4 billion before. So, that is an area thats going to continue to be stressed and we are continuing to work through it.  I think I mentioned last time, its moved into the Pacific Northwest, where we also have bolder exposure, but the loss varied there, not as bad as we have seen in California.
Matthew OConnor - Deutsche Bank: Okay and then just lastly, Richard if we look at commercial loan demand, it seems like it falling off the cliff both for you guys, which is the industry in general. I guess from a broader point of view it is the positive because customers are paying down debt or is it a negative because it implies for the cuts now put in staff.
Richard Davis: I think lets see could it be both, because it feels like both. I think its a positive in terms of banks balance sheet not taking on customers that will fall into further stress with this kind of duration of this downturn. In our case the reason I highlighted the majority of our decrease in linked quarter outstandings was the derivative of our hoping to buy commitment was to show that the demand is still there for the right customers and as you know 12.8% in linked quarter origination. Those who have the money have the availability to use their money, have really restructured the way they run their business and theyre simply not hoping to buy loans in line. So, I believe that the demand overall for the stronger customers is reflected what youd expected a year, year-and-a-half into recession, where they permanently reset their capital expenditures some of their growth objectives and not using as much of the banks balance sheet or their own frankly to grow. So, I think that its a normal outcome at this point in the cycle. I think its good for banks if we continue to be prudent as an industry and not reach to get loan growth by reducing our underwriting. Certainly wont do that at this company. As I have told you before because of our strong operating earnings, we will compete on price for the AAA customers, in order to either keep our own or to go get someone elses. In fact our margin stability it probably reflects, that we probably could have a little margin increase, but we want to give it back in the form of high quality customer attraction. So, I think its probably both demand in terms of the economy is not very good news for the banks. I think those who stay pure at their underwriting, youll see the demand is the biggest reflection of why a loan growth isnt prominent across the industry. I think thats probably a good sign, we are not reaching trying to do something we shouldnt do.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ed Najarian - Isi Group.
Ed Najarian - Isi Group: Just couple of questions, first quickly, can you quantify the net gain in the evaluation of mortgage servicing rights net of any hedges?
Andy Cecere: Yes, let me give you the hedge number. The hedge gain, year-over-year, so in the second quarter of 2009, it was a positive $45 million, Ed. In the first quarter of 2009, it was a positive $2 million and in the second quarter of 2008 it was a negative $25 million. So, on a year-over-year basis the improvement in the hedge was $70 million.
Edward Najarian - ISI Group: Okay, but this quarter, the number that impacted revenue positively was $45 million?
Andy Cecere: That is correct. Then with regard to the remainder of the mortgage improvements, I would say two-thirds of it was rate-related and one-third of it was volume-related.
Edward Najarian - ISI Group: Okay. Thanks. And then secondarily, any comments on early-stage delinquencies? Looks like we are seeing a little bit less stability on early-stage consumer delinquencies from you guys and maybe we have seen it some other banks.
Bill Parker: Yeah, we did see some improvement. Our card portfolio was down 30 plus, I would say 30 plus, it was down 43 basis points in the last 90 days. So that is good for our outlook on the third quarter. On autos, our auto portfolios both are leasing and loan portfolios showed a little bit of decline one to five basis points decline on the 30 to 30 plus. At least that was stable.  Last year it was still trending up. And then finally, on our small ticket leasing portfolio, their delinquencies came down about 50 basis points. So that was positive as well. So we have seen a little bit of more normal, seasonal uptick, or improvement in delinquency patterns.
Edward Najarian - ISI Group: But in terms of mortgage and home equity, I guess that is a bigger portfolio?
Bill Parker: That is a little more mix on the late stage on both mortgage and home equity. We did see improvement but we did see an uptick some in some of early stage.
Edward Najarian - ISI Group: You are still looking at those numbers and feeling confident that at both NPAs and charge-offs can increase at a slower pace, it sounds like?
Bill Parker: Correct.
Richard Davis: And this is Richard. If there anything weve gotten good at is, it is modeling forecasting and stress testing again our own forecast. And if there is anything that I am comfortable with, it is our ability to predict 30 days for sure and now 90 days with a certain high level of certainty.  There is always a lumpiness where you can have a deal of large customer come out of nowhere with a surprise. Were going to at least down the table there is a possibility, but in terms of the mechanics of the consumer, the home equity, the mortgage, those are very much annuities, you can get a pretty good line of sight of now 90 days. Commercial and commercial real estate a little lumpier, but when you know your portfolio like we know ours, we have a high level of confidence in our ability to predict that and I said this to you guys two years ago.  Well always tell you the bad news clearly and honestly and transparently and when the news starts to get good, our hope with the responses if youll believe us then too. And we are not seeing [all green shoots] and we are not seeing the end of the road here but we are starting to see in our portfolio a new, repetitive improvement in overall performance of our credit. We are starting to see that as first a decrease in the increase of negativity, and over the course of time, I think we will be one of the first to be at the top of the hill and get on the other side.
Edward Najarian - ISI Group: Okay thanks and then Richard, you have paid back the TARP and strengthened your capital ratios. Can you give us a sense of your M&A appetite at this point in the cycle?
Richard Davis : Sure. It is no difference firsts of all because of those other activities. Those are just nice variables to have behind us. The M&A activity interest remains the same, Ed. We are first and foremost interested in payment businesses and his corporate trust businesses that would add quickly to the scale and value of those businesses that right now are being impaired by the recession, but will come back with [gangbusters] when things get better.  In terms of acquisitions, we will always be available to the FDIC list of opportunities that come along weekly. But we also are going to keep our powder dry for an opportunity that may be above of more significant nature like the Downey PFF or something like that.  So I am not going to do a lot of the Bank of Idahos a lot of the small five and ten branch deals unless they are amazingly opportune. But otherwise we will stay on the sidelines. We will watch for a larger FDIC opportunity and in the old fashioned sense of acquisitions that continues to be a very slow, quiet process, given the new results of the SCAP and everything else. So we are probably in the near-term going to remain on the sidelines, and watch and see the good things come along and be able to be opportunistic when and if it happens. But nothing transformational and nothing outside of the bounds that we have been talking about for the last couple of years.
Operator: Your next question comes from Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Thanks, good morning. Couple of other questions on the early-stage delinquency. You indicated those have been improving in a couple of asset classes. And I guess Im wondering where you fall out with regard to the debate on why they are coming down. Some folks are kind of suggesting it is still seasonality. Others saying its just slow down and unemployment rate, growth rate or the jobless claims and then another angle is, is mismanagement, doing a better job managing or having an impact on managing these early-stage delinquencies. When you look at your portfolio, what are the drivers there?
Bill Parker: I would have to say after seeing fourth quarter and first quarter, going through very rapid deterioration in the number of portfolios, part of it is that we have completely upped our protocol on the collection areas and that does make a difference.  Also, I think it is more a return of just to some normal, seasonal patterns, which were not here before while the economy was deteriorating rapidly. So we expect, as the unemployment continues to rise, card losses will over time go up again but third quarter is normally a decent quarter for card losses.
Richard Davis: Betsy for your benefit, we have an unemployment expectation of slightly over 10% by year end with a continued increase in 2010. So w are not sitting here thinking, I dont think outside of the bounds of what others are expecting. As you all know a few basis points increase in unemployment, its like the [retro scale]. Its not linear. So, its a big deal and we appreciate how to stretch out our portfolios, but for the most part, our unsecured portfolios are planned only and our collateral portfolios are well written to low loan to value. So whether its impairment in the beginning or an absolute loss, I think we are going to fare quite well. On the housing side, we are also expecting an additional 5% to 10% drop in housing values, which at the end of that process will be peak to a drop of around 40% fall. Our expectations are so far aligned with that the mix of business we have across our primarily 24 states would reflect that thats not going to be above the average for the national, but probably near or at about that same level. So, I think we are in the range of expectations that some of the economists would predict as well.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then on deposits and deposit growth did a great job with core deposits this quarter. Im sure that this is in part the reflection of the efforts that youve had with your branch strategies, but could you speak to where you think the jumbo CDs are, relative to last quarter? I mean obviously they are down a lot, but is that kind of an exiting of low risk strategy or did you price to get those folks out?
Andy Cecere: Our pricing strategy on the retail side is to focus on core checking and savings accounts. Thats where we are certainly a bit more aggressive. Not at the top of the peer group but in the middle of the peer group. So thats been our focus in growing core accounts and weve been successful with regard to that. On the wholesale side, weve had volatility up and down. Thats more of a function of liquidity on the wholesale customers, but I would say overall, both in terms of wholesale and retail, weve had strong deposit growth. I think it is a function of the flight-to-quality and the reputation of our company.
Richard Davis: I know you followed us for a long time. It is one of the advantages that this downturn created for y US Banks with a chance to get back into the competitive game for pricing on core deposits. As you know, we were probably at the bottom two years ago.  We are now very competitive, but just because we are competitive for core I want you to know we still dont attract hot money. We dont like it. We dont know what to do with it. It is not consistent and repeatable and so you just wont see us using our margin to attract on rates on any basis, where customers dont bring the rest of the relationship. So we stay true to that, but weve been fortunate enough to be able to keep this strong margin at the same time how we redefine ourselves as a competitive deposits, comprised of core deposits will not help as well as the flight to quality.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Rochester with FBR Capital Markets.
David Rochester - FBR Capital Markets: It sounds like your economic expectations may be a little bit weaker than they were in the last call, at least in terms of what you are looking for from the unemployment rate perspective, but you are still looking for a deceleration in the growth in NPAs and charge-offs. Would you say that thats largely predicated on what you are seeing in the early stage delinquency side because you are seeing the dip there you are thinking that the rate of growth should slow?
Richard Davis: Ill let Bill answer technically. We dont spend, it is not all modeling. We know our customers. We know them very well. NPAs are usually a proxy for future charge-offs.  There are lots of regulatory reviews and has a lot to do with capital allocation and those are all what we all know them to be, but we really want to know at the end of the day which of those NPAs would be a proxy for charge-off and which unsecured loans, primarily consumer lots should go to charge-off and that has a lot to do with delinquencies in first and late stage has a lot to do just knowing the quality of your portfolio.  We have a got a very high sensitivity to whom we lend our money to and how weve done it. I would say it is a blend between the statistics, David and what we know about our company. It would be very easy for me to take a very safe road and tell you that is going to be another many, many quarters of the same, 25% to 30% increase in both NPAs and charge-offs. We just dont see that.  We could be surprised like anyone else, but our backset which has served us very well. I dont think weve been wrong on any of our 90 day projections in this whole cycle are based on a lot of data, a lot more than just unemployment, housing and delinquencies.
Bill Parker: I think the other thing I would mention is that we are potentially prime-based lenders. And the early part of this economic downturn was really more market disruption, capital market disruption and unique events. Now, we are entering a phase that looks more like a normal recession that is not severe, but that has less of a dramatic impact than some of the things that occurred earlier on in this downturn.
David Rochester - FBR Capital Markets: Have you noticed any change at all, potentially improvement in the re-default rates that you are seeing in your restructured portfolio? Have you seen any meaningful contributions, or more notable I should say contributions growth in this bucket in the C&I or CRE products?
Andy Cecere: Ill do the residential mortgages first because Im guessing that is what you are asking about. Our re-default rates there we do modifications, of course, for all of our mortgage portfolios, first mortgage portfolios. We have a measure of 60-day default rate and right now, that is at about 22%. We also measure it based on who reenter or enters foreclosures and that is at about 12%. We take steps to improve that all the time. We increased significantly the number of malls that we do, where the payment actually decreases. We have doubled the percentage there up to about two out of three of them now, where the payment increases. So, that should make the future performance even better. Additionally, we are entering into the [SCAP] program this quarter thats the administration new program. That should help too. On the commercial or commercial real estate side, we dont have a lot of TDRs there. Generally, well try to work with the borrowers. The credits will go into A, if its a real estate deal. Well get charges down to great value.
Operator: Your next question comes from John McDonald with Sanford Bernstein.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: I was wondering if you have an outlook on the net interest income growth it seems that the margin flat and loan demand being rose a bit, it going to be hard to grow net interest income at least in the near-term. Do you have some views there?
Richard Davis: John, we do expect relatively stable margin. On the earning asset front, I want to separate wholesale from retail a little bit. On the retail side, wed expect flattish to some moderate growth, which is what you say in this quarter. On the wholesale side a lot depends upon the utilization that we talked about. We are booking new loans with gaining new customers. The offset is what the utilization would do. I would expect that to be flat to down. So, those two things may offset, that the bottom line from all that is maybe flattish net interest income.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: How about on the securities portfolio, Andy I guess you assumed that will be pretty flattish?
Andy Cecere: Id not expect major changes there. What you see in the last few quarters, what you should expect in the next few quarters.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: You guys are pretty specific about the credit outlook. How about our reserve build for the last couple of quarters you building at 50% to 100% of charge-offs and its a little below that this quarter. What kind of outlook would you have there?
Richard Davis: Well, 50, is in our history. So, weve got 50, 67, 75 and 100. I just like round numbers very divisible by something. 50, is on the low end of that six quarter range, but its still in it. I think those suppose to be right at 50 today. So, we are trying to telegraph that we are the low end of the sixth quarter trailing circumstances. I guess what I think, John, is if we start to see a continuation of the kind of trends we saw this quarter, and that continues to bear out, as I said in my comments, they need to be sustained and convincing. Well start to move that 50% down to 40% or 30% or 25%. Eventually well get down to very close to where we only I think reserve build for the growth that we expect in the portfolio, which would be very nominal. Im going to be careful. I want us to have all the reserves built possible so when recovery is among us, we dont have to take any of the earnings away from that recovery in order to continue to backfill on reserves and we started this cycle as one of the strongest balance sheets I promised you every quarter we ended.  Youll see us be generous on provision that we will also telegraph our views of the future by the way we start to move that down, when it finally starts to happen.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: So, the credit outlook plays out as you expect with the growth rate moderating in both NPAs and charge- offs. We should see that reserve build magnitude starts to at least stay at the 50 and maybe go down from 50?
Richard Davis: Yes, it has a positive vibe to getting smaller. We didnt talk about it. That has a lot to do with if you like where you are at the moment in time. We do like our coverage ratios. I must say, we are adequately reserved. Thats the appropriate way to find it. I like the way we are satisfactorily adequate and so I think we are at a place we like if it so, if thats the only variable and that starts to become loan forecasting, loan loss forecasting, NPAs and those become favorably bias and I think so too will the reserve be.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Particularly if the loan book is not growing, all that much?
Richard Davis: Yes, although we want to grow. I mean Im hoping those commitments just the recovery. The best thing to about open commitments and you noticed were 35%, that we will get better in our high quality customers decide to start drawing on our loans right away. Thats the easiest. Thats loan growth youre going to get because I know the quality of our portfolio, well take that all day long. I think youll see a growing balance sheet as well, but I think youll see at the prime level that we have had in the past.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Then the last thing is with TARP repaid, there is still some uncertainty I guess about maybe new regulatory regimes. What capital ratios will you guys manage to and which metric system will look for you to manage to?
Andy Cecere: We have two principal targets that we have talked about. John one is the Tier 1 cap one level. As you know historically we have been targeting 8.5%. Weve raised capital actually to get above 9% given the current environment. Id expect this to be continue to be above 9% and then about two-thirds at a just over two-thirds being Tier 1 common. So, the ratios that you see now would be consistent with what we manage to in the future.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: You like that two-thirds of total Tier 1 being common? Is that a good perhaps, okay?
Andy Cecere: I do, at least two-thirds.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nancy Bush - NAB Research.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: A question for the future, assuming there is going to be one. Could you clarify what the regulatory input is that youre getting on reserves, when we come to the end of this credit cycle? In other words, are you going to be able to draw down reserves as we did in past cycles or are the regulators going to expect reserve levels to stay high?
Richard Davis: We have had no guidance on that. I have to report because we have had no reason to have conversation in any of the last two years on any quarter with our selection of both reserve bills and our adequate coverage. So, we dont have the dialog even to reflect back on and what kind of guidance they are giving. I will tell you from my perspective and what I know and what Im affected by. I think that we all agree that the capital ratios will be higher in a pro-cyclical world than they were going into it and I think we are going to be required to keep both capital -- Im sorry and loan loss reserves at a higher level. I also think that in the future when I talk to you about loan growth being 10% forecasted growth that we are going to have to apply a 110% loan loss reserve built, all things being equal, so we are starting to build for our future book. I have no conversations though to record with anybody here on any guidance whatsoever. I just think the prevailing wind is on a pro-cyclical basis. All of us at banks will have higher capital requirements, higher loan loss requirements and we will be paying insurance premiums for many years forward, all of which were at lower levels or nonexistent going into this cycle. So that is all I know.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: So your view is that the emphasis on the regulatory basis will swing from this anti-cyclical to a pro-cyclical emphasis going forward?
Richard Davis: Yes pro-cyclical is a funny definition, but I think what you meant is that there will be, if I can, vis--vis the old SunTrust argument they had too much. I think there will still be a tight balance where we can have the appropriate level, but I dont think anyone is going to argue that more is worse than less, but it is going to be important that we dont build reserves to use for future earnings because that is just bad business and it doesnt give you our shareholders a clear line of sight on real earnings.  So I think there will be a lot more guidance coming out as it becomes clear that the recovery is ending and the banks will no longer look on linked quarter that will say, are you at the right place and well probably get that definition, I am going to guess, in a couple of quarters but we have not seen them yet.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: Okay. And just on the capital front Richard, could you just give your philosophy about rebuilding the dividend?
Richard Davis: Sure. Wow it took six people to get to the dividend. The philosophy hasnt changed here, first of all. And so Im going to give you everything but the math. But we said for a long time that we will give a high percentage of our earnings back to the shareholders in the form of dividend and in stock buybacks. As much as we all forgot the stock buyback, it is still a reasonable approach to use. I think it will come back one day as one of the options.  So if US Banks gave a majority of its earnings to the shareholders in those two methods and I believe both odds will be used in the future by our company. And the dividend will be something; a percentage of a large amount of our earnings will go to the dividend. But it will be a line of sight that I have to have and the Board has to have as we look into the next year, as we begin to evaluate our first dividend increase.  And once we get into the latter part of this year we will have a good idea for 2010. It is my commitment for all the reasons you would expect to give the dividend an increase at a level that is both sustainable, one that we can grow from, one that is predicted on the basis of future earnings and that is meaningful. But I will hold back some for potential stock buybacks to benefit the shareholders in that way and we will keep a little for ourselves to continue to invest in the future. But Nancy, you have known us for a long time. Our percentage of high value to shareholders through those two forms has not changed and it is just a matter now of getting my head around what those numbers will be and giving a high percentage of it back to the shareholders.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Mayo - CLSA.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: Good morning. And say, you are pursuing some national advertising. And I just, my first thought is that, you must be doing a big deal on a market. So maybe Im too skeptical there. I mean you are gaining some share within your market, so why national advertising and how much might that cost?
Bill Parker: Sure the national advertising is intended to be certainly all end market too, but we are 24 state franchise and the other 26 we dont usually get a lot of visibility for. This follows perfectly on our newfound growth of the corporate bank, moving it from a regional corporate bank to a high quality national corporate bank. As you know we have offices now in both New York and Charlotte and we have enhanced our team by more than 100 senior lenders and capital markets, people in these markets. So number one Mike, you know the story from a couple of years ago, but our newest result on Fortune 500 companies is 467 of them do business with us, but only a mere 132 do corporate banking with us. The others do corporate trust and/or corporate payments. All very good. But we are a national bank and we should have the national corporate capability. So, we are talking to the [litany] of high quality customers, both private and public that are starting to know us by our quality, knowing our brand a bit. They dont know it is at least a neutral equity and now we want to build positive equity. The campaign is slightly more than $10 million. It will run the majority of quarter three and a little into quarter four. It will be TV and it will be print and it will be equally end market and out of market, identifying primarily the attraction of key leaders outside of market and small businesses and consumers end market. So its got a nice bifurcated view. It is all about strength, stability and being honest partner with people who need a good partner at times like this.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: You touched on this before in terms of larger, out of market acquisitions. You are a little more open to that. Is that correct?
Richard Davis: No. I didnt mean to say that. Im glad you clarified. Out of market acquisitions are going to be first and foremost costing this company two basis. One is, weve got so much momentum going in our organic initiatives as many which you all just havent seen yet, that the cost of us doing a deal in or out of market is substantial. Well again, stress against that momentum. Im willing to take it if it is right, but I am not looking for it. Out of market additionally has a cultural risk, at least when you do an end market deal, you have the ability to introduce your culture and confirm that it remains. We have a culture now that I really like. I dont want it to get diluted. To do it out of market, which cause us to put a lot of people out of the current market to get into those new markets and create a culture. I wouldnt be unwilling to do it, but it has to be remarkably a great deal to pursue and at this point in time, we dont see anything like that. I didnt mean to indicate out of market is of higher interest than end market. There arent a lot of opportunities. I just want to let you all know if a great deal comes along, well look at anything, but we wont do anything outside of our very prudent approach weve used in the past, but if in a couple years nothing big would come along, and we havent done a big deal, I hope you are not disappointed because I like who we are. We are very relevant and were very good at what were doing. Acquisition is not a course this company has to take unless the opportunity presents itself at which point well evaluate it.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: In terms of delinquencies, as a good predictor for loan problems, maybe Im haunted. I think it was 2001 Labor Day or the day after that when you had your investor conference. That is before your CEO, you had a different Chief Credit Officer, but it was six weeks or so after that conference when you had the big credit quality surprise. So just through your experience, a couple of decades of doing this, how good of a predictor are delinquencies on future NPA? Are there times when it hasnt worked so well?
Richard Davis: You mixed a couple of things there. First of all, in dog years, 2001 you are right. Its five generation ago. So, Im going to tell you that this company and this team is much more able to forecast and we simply would not make that mistake. I guarantee you that. In terms of predictability, I think delinquencies have always been the best predictor of most likely loss effects from consumers and from the small business portfolio because it is the annuity aspect of it, you just doesnt change that fast. It is not at all a good predictor of course in non-NPAs, as a predictor of loss in the commercial and commercial real estate. I would say it hasnt changed seven years later. It is still the best predictor, but this company has changed. We know how to do that better, we do have a different team here. Our focus as Bill mentioned it earlier has been to bring on as much competence on the defense of knowing whats going on in our credit and quality as it was in offense before. I think its a good time for you to have trust in our ability to predict. That last by gone of 2001 is just that. Bill, you want to add to that?
Bill Parker: No, the second that I think the delinquencies plus bankruptcy trends are very good indicator at least for the next 90, 120 days on mostly consumer and small business. Again on the wholesale side, its not necessarily good predictor at all. You have to look at other factors.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: If there is one factor that makes you feel better on the wholesale side or maybe just the offset to the two because arent we kind of getting going on the commercial real estate side?
Bill Parker: Yes, there is still plenty of stress on our residential construction portfolio. Like I said, our stress there has moved into our portfolio in the Pacific Northwest thats about a $700 million portfolio. So, yes, we still see stress.
Richard Davis: So, I think Mike, two things. One would be the mix of our business that unsecured versus secured. That which is secured was underwritten at fairly conservative level that we can even tell the stand for the majority of the downturn and predicted downtrend.  So, risk to loss continues to be less than perhaps likelihood of NPA in both mix of our portfolio and the quality of those that are underwritten. But we will definitely see the continued stress we were not immune to it at all, which is why we are not saying losses or NPAS will go down in linked quarter. They just continue to think will go up by now.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Richard Davis: Michael, thank you very much. Judy?
Judy Murphy: The official close. Thank you for listening to our review of second quarter results. If you do have any questions, please feel free to give me a call at 612-303-0783.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This will conclude todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-21 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Judy Murphy  Director, IR Richard Davis  Chairman, President & CEO Andy Cecere  Vice Chairman & CFO Bill Parker  EVP & Chief Credit Officer
Analysts: Chris Mutascio  Stifel Nicolaus Edward Najarian  ISI Group John McDonald  Sanford Bernstein Nancy Bush  NAB Research David Rochester  FBR Capital Markets Richard Ramsden  Goldman Sachs
Operator: Welcome to US Bancorps first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Following a review of the results by Richard Davis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Andy Cecere, US Bancorps Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately 11:00 AM eastern time through Tuesday, April 28 at 12 midnight eastern time. I will now turn the conference call over to Judy Murphy, Director of Investor Relations for US Bancorp.
Judy Murphy: Thank you, Rachel, and good morning to everyone on the call today. Richard Davis, Andy Cecere, and Bill Parker are here with me to review US Bancorps first quarter 2009 results, and to answer your questions. If you have not received a copy of our earnings release and supplemental analysts schedule, they are available on our Web site at usbank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during todays call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are detailed in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard Davis: Thank you, Judy. And good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Andy and I would like to start the call today with a short review of our first quarter results. As weve completed our brief formal remarks, well open the line to questions from our audience. US Bancorp reported net income of $529 million for the first quarter of 2009. Diluted earnings per common share were $0.24. Im very proud of our first quarter results, as they reflect the companys ability to produce strong core operating earnings in a very stressed economic environment. Equally significant is that we achieved record total net revenue this quarter, and it was driven by core growth in both net interest income and fee revenue. Although core operating earnings were strong, significantly higher credit costs, including the cost to building the reserve for expected credit losses and reflect existing economic conditions, resulted in earnings that were lower than the first quarter of 2008. The current quarters earnings compared favorably however, to the prior quarters earnings due to a combination of higher fee income and lower expense. Significant items impacting the companys first quarter earnings included $198 million of net security losses, a $92 million gain on a corporate real estate transaction, and $530 million of provision expense in excess of net charge-offs. In total, significant items reduced diluted earnings per common share in the first quarter by approximately $0.28. Our performance metrics were impacted by these significant items with return on average offset in the current quarter of 0.81% and return on average common equity of 9.0%. Excluding the significant revenue items and incremental provision expense, return on average out-debt and return on average common equity would have been approximately 1.56% and 19.7%, respectively. As Ive stated, our company continue to do well this quarter on an operating basis. And Id like to review a few of those highlights with you now. We recorded strong growth in total average loans year-over-year. Total average loans outstanding increased by $30.5 billion or 19.6%, with solid growth in all major categories. Excluding the impact of recent acquisition, total average loans on a core basis grew by over 11% year-over-year. On a linked quarter basis, total average loans increased by $8.5 billion or 4.8% and excluding acquisitions, by almost $2 billion or 4.4% on an annualized basis. This linked quarter annualized growth was somewhat muted by a decline in overdraft balances outstanding and seasonally lowered non-interest bearing corporate card balances. Excluding these two non-interest bearing loan categories, total average loans on a core basis increased by 6.4% annualized late quarter. This growth in average loans outstanding illustrates that our company is continuing to provide credit to our customers. But average loan outstandings are just part of the story. As not all new loan originations and commitments to lend are fully reflected in these numbers. In fact, during the first quarter of 2009, US Bancorp originated almost $14 billion of residential mortgages. We originated over $4 billion of consumer loans including installment loans, student loans, lines of credit and home equity lines and loans. We originated new prime based credit card accounts with lines totaling $2.4 billion and we issued over $8 billion of new commitment and renewed over $14 billion of commitments to small businesses, commercial, and commercial real estate customers. The statistics clearly demonstrate that US Bancorp continuous to be responsive to, and supportive of the borrowing needs of both our new and current worthy customers and the governments efforts to maintain the flow of credit in these stressful economic times. Another highlight of the first quarter results was our outstanding growth in average deposits. Total average deposits increased by $29.7 billion or 22.7% over the same quarter of last year. And over $16 million or 11.1% unannualized on a linked quarter basis. Without acquisitions, this year-over-year growth rate was 12.3% while linked quarter growth was 6.8% an annualized. This tremendous growth on average deposits as well as loans outstanding is clear evidence that our company is benefiting from the uncertainty in the financial market and the flight to quality by consumers and businesses that are looking for a safe, stable, and sound financial institution. In fact, we are currently the highest rated financial institution in the country with a AA rating from S&P and an AA3 ratings from Moodys. These ratings have given us a significant advantage as our customers make the decision as to where they will place their business, and where they will place their trusts. As Ive previously mentioned, the company reported record total revenue in the first quarter. A major contributor to this success was mortgage banking which also produced record setting revenue with increases year-over-year and linked quarter of a $128 million and $210 million respectively. The growth in mortgage banking revenue reflected the high origination fees, servicing revenue, and a favorable change in the fair value of mortgage servicing rights, net of economic hedging activity which was essentially neutral for the quarter. Total mortgage production of $13.4 billion was another quarterly record and was significantly higher than both the same quarter of 2008 and the prior quarter. The majority of this production is packaged and sold into the secondary market and we expect to continue to accommodate the increased demand from mortgage products from both new and existing customers. Finally, I would like to draw your attention to non-interest expense which benefited this quarter from the implementation of the companys cost containment plan in late January. Year-over-year excluding the impact of acquisitions, total on interest expense was a simply flat. While the $67 million decline in expenses on a linked quarter basis was a result of seasonally lower spending, and the companys cost saving efforts. Both of which were more than offset by the other expenses related to the two acquisitions made in November of last year. Our efficiency ratio as reported for the first quarter of 2009 was 45.8%. We continue to be one of the most efficient financial institutions in the industry, and Im pleased to report that weve achieved this positive core operating leverage this quarter on both a year-over-year and linked quarter basis. In total, the first quarter results underscore the inherent value of our companys strong balance sheet, and its diversified earning stream. As customer actively seek a bank partner that can provide the product and services they need and the safety instability they require, our balance sheet businesses continue to grow and prosper. As consumers in businesses pull back on their spending and the equity market faltered, our fee based businesses remained solid but their growth is tempered. It is however this diversified earning stream that have allowed us to perform despite a stressful economic environment. And it is this diversified mix of businesses that has us very well positioned for the recovery days of the current economic cycle. Moving on to credit, as I pointed out earlier, an increase in credit cost including the cost of building the reserves for expected credit losses and to reflect the existing economic environment drove the year-over-year reduction in the companys net income. Net charge-offs of $788 million were 24.7% higher than the fourth quarter of 2008. As expected slightly lower percentage increase than we experienced in previous quarters. The increase in net charge-offs once again reflected the continued stress in residential homes and mortgage related industry and the impact of the worsening economy on both our retail and commercial customers. The most significant increases in net charge-offs were recorded for lease financing, primarily small business leasing, construction and development loans, and credit cards. Total net charge-offs to average loan outstanding were 1.72% in the first quarter compared with 1.42% in the fourth quarter. Also and as expected, non-performing assets increased this quarter. The change reflected an increase in non-performing loans in the banks core loan portfolio, and the impact of the recent acquisition for Downey Savings and TFF Bank & Trust. As of March 31st, total non-performing assets were $3,410 million compared with $2,624 million at December 31st. Included in total non-performing assets were $702 million of loans and other real estate covered by a loss share agreement with the FDIC in conjunction with our two California acquisitions. In other words, there is minimal amount of potential loss in these loans given the terms of the agreement of our agreement with the FDIC. The majority of the increase in non-performing loans within the core bank portfolio was related to residential mortgage and residential construction related industries, as well as other commercial real estate lending. In fact, of the $361 million increase in commercial non-performing loans approximately 43% was real estate related. The ratio of non-performing assets to loans plus other real estate owned, excluding covered assets was 156 basis points at March 31st. Restructured loans that continue to accrue interest rose by 26% this quarter, as the company continues to work with customers to re-negotiate loan terms, enabling them to keep their homes. These separates are in sync with the government's goal to restore the housing markets, and our desire to retain the value of these relationships for our shareholders. As expected, given the upward trends in both net charge-offs and non-performing assets, in addition to the continued weakness in the economy, we increased the allowance for our loan loss this quarter by recording an incremental provision for loan losses in excess of five  excess of charge-offs of $530 million .This represents an amount equal to 67% of the current quarter's total net charge-offs. With this addition, the company's allowance for credit losses to period in loans excluding covered assets was 2.37% compared with 2.09% at December 31st. And a ratio of allowance to non-performing loans excluding covered assets was 169%. Going forward, we will continue to assess the adequacy of our reserve for loan losses and provide for credit losses at a level that reflects changes in the credit risk of the loan portfolio and the current economic condition. Our company enters this credit cycle with a strong balance sheet and we fully intend to protect that position through this cycle and beyond. Finally and importantly, our capital position remains strong. Our Tier 1 and total capital ratios were 10.9% and 14.4% respectively at March 31st. Both well above our target levels. Additionally, our tangible common equity to tangible asset ratio were 3.7% at March 31st while tangible common equity as a percent of risk-graded assets were 4.0%. Both ratios were higher than on December 31st, having benefited from earnings and the recent dividend reduction. I will now turn the call over to Andy.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Richard. Youve now heard the key highlights of this quarter's results from Richard. Overall, the results reflected the strength and quality of our core earnings. And I like to spend a few minutes to provide you with more detail. Ill begin with a quick summary of the significant items that impact the comparison of our first quarter results to prior periods. First, non-interest income included a $198 million of security losses. Included in this total were $254 million of impairment charges on several securities including a perpetual preferred issue of a major US financial institution, our SID exposure, and a few agency and non-agency mortgage backed securities. These impairment charges were partially offset by gains of securities sold of $56 million. Second, the other income in the first quarter included a $92 million gain on a corporate real estate transaction. And third, we recorded an incremental provision for credit losses in excess of net charge-offs of $530 million in the first quarter. Significant items in the first quarter were in total $636 million and reduced diluted earnings per common share by approximately $0.28 cents. For comparison purposes during the first quarter of 2008, the company recorded $251 million of security losses, the results of impairment charges on structure investment vehicles, other preferred securities, and non-agency mortgage backed securities. In addition, non-interest income in the first quarter of 2008 included a $492 million Visa Gain and a $62 million charge related to the adoption of FAS 157, while non-interest expense in the first quarter of 2008 included two special items totaling $47 million. Additionally, results in the first quarter of 2008 included an incremental provision for credit losses of $192 million. The net impact of the first quarter 2008 significant items reduced diluted earnings per share by approximately $0.02 cents. Finally, net interest income in the fourth quarter of 2008 included $253 million of security losses and incremental provision expense of $635 million. Together, these items reduced fourth quarter 2008 diluted earnings per common share by approximately $0.34 cents. Now, a few comments about operating earnings this quarter. Net interest income in the first quarter was 14.5% higher than the first quarter of 2008, primarily due to a strong 13.7% increase in average earning assets. As projected, the net interest margin for the first quarter was 3.95%, 4 basis points higher than the previous year. Net interest income was slightly lower in our link quarter basis as a 4.1% increase in average earning assets was offset by an expected decline in the net interest margin. The slight improvement in the margin on a year-over-year basis was principally the result of growth and higher spread assets. On a linked quarter basis, the expected reduction in net interest margin was primarily due to the full quarter intact of the two California acquisitions, the re-pricing of a number of consumer-lending products that lacked the decline in money cost during the fourth quarter, as well as, the normalization of funding and liquidity in the wholesale funding markets. Going forward, assuming the current rate environment and yield curve, we expected the net interest margin to remain relatively stable. Total non-interest income in the current quarter was lower year-over-year primarily due to the $492 million Visa Gain reported in 2008. Offsetting the negative impact of that one-time item were favorable variance in mortgage banking revenue, as Richard discuss earlier, as well as Treasury management fees and commercial product revenue, which were higher than the first quarter of 2008 by 10.5% and 15.2% respectively. The growth in both of these two categories reflected the wholesale banking groups ongoing revenue initiatives and the bank's bank-wide BDR or building deeper relationships project. Seasonality, a slowing economy and unfavorable equity market conditions led to a decline in several fee-based categories this quarter. Merchant profit in services revenues lower an a both year-over-year basis ending quarter, while corporate payment products revenue declined from the same period of last year, although remained flat to the prior quarter. Both of these payments related categories reflect the slow down in consumer and business spending but remained positioned for our recovery. Trust and investment management fees were also lower year-over-year and linked quarter, as adverse equity market conditions reduced the value of assets under management and consequently related management fees. Deposit service charges decreased from both the comparable time periods as changes in consumer spending patterns led to lower fee related activity. Finally within non-interest income and other income, excluding the impact of significant items was lower year-over-year due to higher end-of-term residual losses in consumer auto leases and lower equity investment income. On a linked quarter basis, the corporate real estate transaction, as expected and as expected lower in the term losses on retail auto leases, accounted for the majority of the variance. As we indicated in our last call, the end of term losses on auto leases peaked in the third and fourth quarter of 2008 as a number of cars coming off lease began to decline. I will now turn the call back to Richard.
Richard Davis: Thanks, Andy. In summary, I am very proud of the results for this quarter. I am more than confident that  more confident than ever that this company with this diversified mix of businesses, coupled with its long-standing prudent approach to risk, and the remarkable dedication and loyalty and hard work of its employees, will continue to outperform despite the stress of the current environment. We are, in fact, building momentum in our balance sheet businesses while remaining poised to capture the extraordinary opportunities that wed present for our fee businesses as the market, the economy, and the world recover. In conclusion, our fundamental businesses remain strong. We are not immune to the challenges facing our industry but we are open for business and continue to prudently lend to credit-worthy customers. We continue to wisely invest and grow our franchise. We continue to support the communities in which we operate. We continue to serve our customers current needs while building deeper relationships for our future. and most importantly, we continue to create value for our shareholders. Value that is derived from our high quality balance sheet, capital strength, and earnings power; factors that have enabled the US Bancorp to successfully navigate the challenges of the present while remaining well positioned to view the opportunities of the future. That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Bill, and I would now be happy to answer any questions from the audience. Rachel?
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from Chris Mutascio with Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Mutascio  Stifel Nicolaus: Good morning, Richard and Andy and Judy. How are you?
Judy Murphy: Good morning.
Chris Mutascio  Stifel Nicolaus: Good. Richard or even Andy, can you give a little more color on the mortgage banking side? Ive had some other banks report some pretty good increases or write ups of the MSR. Didnt look like that occurred with you guys this quarter. And mortgage production volume was up nicely, but the increase in the production volume was lower than the type of gain we saw if you will, from the origination of sales volume. Sales volume and origination of sales was up about five fold quarter-to-quarter, and mortgage production was up less than half. So, is the driver gain on sale? Has that spread widened to such a degree? And if so, can you comment on the sustainability of those kind of margins you can get on the sale of the loans?
Andy Cecere: Chris, this is Andy. First, regarding your hedge question. Our hedge was essentially neutral for the quarter against the servicing valuation, but that was an improvement versus the fourth quarter. As you know, the fourth quarter rates were highly volatile and we actually recorded a negative in the fourth quarter of about $70 million. So on a quarter linked basis, that did improve the numbers. Year-over-year it was slightly positive. In the first quarter 2008 we were negative about 13. So the neutrality in the first quarter was helpful.
Chris Mutascio  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay.
Andy Cecere: Regarding the production versus servicing numbers, the production number was the principal driver in the first quarter, both on a linked basis and a year-over-year basis, producing $174 million linked in about $130 million quarter-over-quarter. So it is the principal drive. We had a record quarter in terms of, but not only production but also applications. So we would expect that strength that we saw in the first quarter to continue at least until the second quarter.
Chris Mutascio  Stifel Nicolaus: Are you also seeing widening spreads on the gain on sale on those loans?
Andy Cecere: Not yet, but the key driver in the revenue increase is the production levels.
Chris Mutascio  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And I may have missed this. If could just follow up on the tax question. I know that your tax rate was a bit low this quarter on taxable equivalent basis. Whats the outlook going forward so I know how to model that?
Andy Cecere: Right, Chris. So we, on a TEB basis, we are at about 21.5% this quarter. Higher than last quarter but lower than the first three quarters of 2008. And its really a function of where our income levels fall. We would expect the rest of the year to fall somewhere between 20% and 25% on a TEB basis.
Chris Mutascio  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ed Najarian with isi Group.
Andy Cecere: Hi, Ed.
Ed Najarian  ISI Group: Good morning, guys. How are you?
Andy Cecere: Go ahead, Ed.
Ed Najarian  ISI Group: Richard, in past calls youve been at least willing to give a three-month type of credit outlook. You didnt do that on this call. Im wondering if youre still willing to do that in terms of the pace of increase in charge-offs and NTAs. And then if you could also comment maybe a little more broadly on how youre thinking about additional reserve build throughout the balances of 09, that would be helpful. Thanks.
Richard Davis: I would be happy to. Thanks, Ed. Im happy to report that our last few quarters, including this quarter are very consistent with what weve expected along this cycle. And were looking the same for the next couple of quarters as we move forward. In other words, the kind of trajectory youve seen in both the increase in charge-offs and non-performing loans in the future couple of quarters are not expected to be very different in the last few quarters. So weve got a nice, steady, unfortunately negative, but steady stream northward of both non-performs and charge-offs moving on the 20% to 30%, 35% range linked quarter as youve seen for last four or five quarters. We are happy to report that, if nothing else its very predictable. Were able to really see well ahead into the 90-days on the consumer side where the modeling has become much more precise. Its much more measurable as regards to delinquencies becoming  what percentage of those become charge-offs; which of those go to bankruptcy. We have a much better view on that. So consumer is much more mature in this cycle in terms of credit quality and understanding the future implications. I would say commercial and commercial real estate are a little more lumpy in that, as Ive said in prior quarters, its not quite the modeling. Its more of the deal by deal or the systemic nature of the kind of loans that are going in distress. In our case, because of a significant amount of stress weve had in our California housing portfolios last year, we are able to replace some of that. Now thats matured into something more traditional and old-fashioned C&I and CRE stress that were seeing. And both of those will continue to show non-perform first, and then some of those will translate into charge-offs later. So Ill remind the audience that the charge-off nature of the non- perform, particularly commercial real estate where theyre primarily collateralized, its not necessarily equal to that of an unsecured credit. And so theyre not equal to that of the stressed consumer credit. So our non-performs are up slightly more than our charge-offs. So I wouldnt actually read that to believe were going to have a higher incidence down the line of charge-offs, more consistent with the prior quarters. And you can pretty much just draw a line as we have done. We dont see anything tempering yet. We dont see it coming to an end. But we also dont see any unexpected outcomes that would cause our trajectories to change in the next two quarters.
Ed Najarian  ISI Group: Okay. So for the next two quarters, were going to expect that trajectory line that weve been seeing to continue upward at the same pace?
Richard Davis: Thats how were finding it. And then that bring us to the second part of your question, which well continue to provide reserves to be adequate for those expectations. And I dont expect us to stop reserve building until which time we see straight in [ph] the reduction not with the continued trajectory northward. And I think were going to find loans to start to moderate in that regard late in the year. But for the next couple of quarters, I would expect us to see some reserve build and that well determine the (inaudible) of that as each quarter comes to a conclusion as we have a better view into the next 90 days and the next 180.
Ed Najarian  ISI Group: Just one last question. Do you think this quarters reserve build was abnormally high or next couple of quarters could be similar?
Richard Davis: This quarter was a good example of average for the last years. Weve been between 55% and 100%. Bill, this is 67%. It probably reflects that we think were probably in the middle of this whole cycle. And I think that well find something in that same range between 33% and 100% in the next few quarters. But it could be that wide of a range. And we really dont make that decision until the very end of the quarter Ed, when we have a real good view of the next 90 days.
Ed Najarian  ISI Group: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from John McDonald with Sanford Bernstein.
Richard Davis: Hey, John.
John McDonald  Sanford Bernstein: Hi. Good morning. A couple more credit questions. Commercial real estate and net charge-offs in the non-construction book were better than I expected, and wonder if Bill could get some color on that. And then on construction, youve talked in the past about how youve gotten ahead of some of the construction credits. Can you enlighten us on where you stand there?
Bill Parker: Sure. First Ill do the construction loans. What weve been talking about last year was our California residential mortgage portfolio. This quarter we saw additional stress, not just in California but also in the Pacific Northwest. Obviously, Las Vegas, Phoenix-type areas. In sum  total of those areas outside of California are not as big as our California exposure but needless to say, the residential construction portfolio remains under stress. On the commercial mortgage side, again about half of that  more than half of that is actually owner-occupied, so really cutting in to our middle market and small business in community lending area. So thats a fairly stable bulk even in downturn. And then the other mortgage plans, theres obviously we do have retail, office, et cetera. But those are fairly broadly diversified portfolios; projects throughout our footprint. Theyre all recourse [ph].
John McDonald  Sanford Bernstein: So you expect the trajectory of your overall charge-offs and NTAs to continue on a similar pace? Do you expect some shifting there with the construction slope moderate and then other commercial real estate in C&I pick up a little bit?
Bill Parker: Yes. Therell probably be some of that. But clearly the stress  the high level of stress will remain in the construction category. And depending upon the length of the downturn, there could be more stress in the mortgage lending area. But so far, thats been more case by case or the regional basis looking at particular markets, as opposed to broad based.
John McDonald  Sanford Bernstein: Okay, Question on the fee based businesses, some of the trends and sensitivities. Richard, you had given some sensitivities both from the payments and wealth management revenues to the economy, consumer spending, and market levels. Based on what youve seen so far in the first quarter, do you still feel good about those relationships?
Richard Davis: We do. In fact, Ill give you a little bit more highlight. In the first quarter, the same store sales for the costumers that our payment businesses are aligned with was down 9.6%. To be more specific, North America, which is about three-quarters of our volume was down 9.7%. And Europe was down 9%. Thats 25% of our volume. That is very aligned with what we would expect at our performance in the payment businesses related to consumer small business behavior is down 2.2%. So that reflects that we're gaining some market share and we're still growing the businesses underneath all of that stress. And for the second quarter, we forecast that 9% to be very similar for quarter two in our book of business. And if that's the case, we'll probably continue to see a very moderate flatness in the benefits coming from the payment side. But as Andy mentioned in his comments, the pipeline's built. Everything is ready for a higher flow when the economy recovers both here and overseas. We'll see that information translate directly into bottom line and we're really looking forward to that. On the trust side, a number of our businesses are aligned directly with the valuations in the market. And as the markets are impaired, that continues to take some of the information directly into the bottom line of our business success. But the like [ph] payment is open and ready to roll when the trust business picks up as a relation to the markets improving. We'll get the benefit on that, too. So for the quarter, I was actually played  a couple of years ago on this call, we we're talking about how our payments and trust businesses, the non-balance sheet businesses were really coming through like gang busters while we dealt with an inverted yield curve and a decreasing margin and spreads on the balance sheet. Now we've got a reverse where the balance sheet businesses are enjoying a yield curve again and amazing growth while the payment businesses and trusts are hanging in there but ready in position for when things turn on. So right now, with two or three cylinders of the four running, I look forward to the day when we have all of them on up and running at the same level.
John McDonald  Sanford Bernstein: Okay, thanks. One quick follow up on credit cards. Can you give some color on your outlook for charge-offs in credit card? Maybe relative to employment? Maybe relative to the industry? Are you seeing a performance differential in your book between your partner cards and your generic bank cards?
Richard Davis: Bill, why don't you do that?
Bill Parker: Yes. First part, the relationship to unemployment, I think it's pretty clear to all of us that card losses do correlate with unemployment. Because of our prime nature of our book we do expect our losses to go up with unemployment but not to the level that I have seen in some of the other bank portfolios. So, it will, it will go up as unemployment rises through the balance of the year. With regard to bank brand versus partner brand clearly the bank brand shows higher losses than the co-brand type activities but both portfolios are prime based, and basically have been operating in similar fashion.
Richard Davis: Also John, you would notice yet, you'll see it in the 8-K but our total 30 plus delinquencies are up compared to the fourth quarter but there is an improvement in the early stage delinquencies, which caused update certain level of tempered enthusiasm for the fact that the consumer might be starting to get more solid around their ability to manage their debt. And the long term due of that leads to credit card. But as you see in our portfolio's performed with the best of all the large portfolios. I expect this to not only continue there but slightly separate itself from further because our consumers are performing quite well during this period. And our ability to restructure and work with them on cases where they need help has been quite successful.
John McDonald  Sanford Bernstein: Okay, thanks Richard. Some other banks have talked about that early stage bucket improvement on the 30-day delinquencies and maybe cited seasonality on that. Have you seen any evidence of seasonality there? Or, maybe a little more how to 
Bill Parker:  yes, there is. I mean, it is, there is a seasonal influence there. But last year I think the important distinction is last year we really didn't see any lift from the normal factory fund type payments of the seasonality of this year does appear to be actual lift from the seasonality.
Richard Davis: Like the old fashioned 
Bill Parker:  yes.
John McDonald  Sanford Bernstein: Okay, thanks very much.
Richard Davis: Thanks, John.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nancy Bush with NAB Research.
Bill Parker: Good morning, Nancy.
Nancy Bush  NAB Research: Good morning, guys. Richard, a question for you. There is a great deal of debate, becoming more heated in Washington, about whether the banks are actually lending or not. Can you just give us your take on this and there seems to be a belief that the banks are not lending, and should be. And this said, what more you can do to increase lending in line with your receipt of TARP funds?
Richard Davis: Miss Nancy, I think it's fair to say that it is individual bank related. And I think a lot of banks are lending and some of the, perhaps eight to 20 rules on the larger banks not being as aggressive in the entire period, is what you're seeing. In our case, of course, we are lending and we've said that from the beginning. I reflect on yesterday's Wall Street Journal story that showed the February results compared to January where we're shown slightly below the median, and in fact we were down February over January, down by 4.4%. To be very specific, our new originations and commitments were up 4.4%. Our commercial real estate was up but our commercial and industrial renewals were down for the month. If you look at the whole quarter, which we'll see eventually, that negative 4.4% was actually 3.6% for quarter one improvement over quarter four. So my first issue is, any one period of time picked at the wrong moment for the wrong optic, does not really, what is a suitable way of determining bank lending. In our case, I went through my  in my early comments, all the net or the gross new loans we've made, but on the net position, this also gives you (inaudible) we're lending more than we did 90 days ago. And if you want to tie that to TARP, I suggest that we're good stories of the investment by the taxpayers. I think we can prove that any give  any time, under any period, to show that we're robustly making loans. But, I will say that probably the most dangerous aspect of that is the number of credit worthy and interested borrowers that exist in this current downturn. And I think it's fair to say that banks, and even the government would make, take a risk by trying to align success of the economic recovery with the amount of lending that's accomplished. Because there's a number of customers who are neither as qualified as they were a year ago nor are they interested in exceeding additional levels of debt. So, I think that the banks that are growing in this environment absolutely must be taking market share because I don't think overall there is more lending out of the market place at this stage of the recession. And I think it's fair to say that banks in general, in total, they reflect that and therefore be flat to negative. But individual banks they're actually making where they should be are dismissed as either making it up or not being able to justify their position because there is plenty of lending out there being accomplished. I said it 90 days ago, and I'll say it again. And I think any of the customers calling you for, maybe one wells, that we have not denied a single credit worthy customer since the beginning of this downturn for any reasons of either capital or (inaudible), we simply have continued to be prudent with our underwriting as we were many years ago and we're making loans to whoever qualified to meet our terms. And in this case you'll see we're surely we continue to increase quarter over quarter. And you'll see that we've been good stewards of that TARP money. I'll also say, too few of my peers mention it, but I will reflect it as well. There is a slowing down of interest in consumer appetite and commercial appetite in the last couple of weeks, maybe the last half of the quarter one. In February-March, we saw a little bit less appetite. So, I think there is a reason to believe that as the cycle matures, people are becoming a little more careful in what they do to extend their balance sheet. I think they're also being a little more careful to become more productive in the time when they need to cut back on costs and rationalize their businesses. But for those who are asking for loans, theres still plenty of money out there and I think the banks are willing to make those loans for all intents and purposes.
Nancy Bush  NAB Research: Well, Ive got you. Would you care to update your view of TARP?
Richard Davis: Sure. I'm looking forward to learning more about it. As you've all read, and as I know as well, we're expecting a white paper from the government on the, this Friday on the 24th. I'm also led to understand that we'll be getting an individual update sometime and around that time to find out how our performance during the stress test occurred, at which point I'm of the mind I'll learn that I have the chance to rebut any of these findings or confirm those findings. And in early in May, I guess we'll all find out some levels of detail how we performed. I start on the stress test because I do believe that that is the proxy or the gateway to the question on TARP. I have indicated before and Ill remind you all that we would like to pay back our TARP obligation only and after we have permission from our regulator and in the good alignment with what the government wants at the right time. But it's my hope that if the stress test results in positive I think that should first right to then say I'd like to repay the TARP if I may, find out what the terms of that include, what the timing would be. Thats for both our shareholders and for the government, for all the optics to go along with it. And then move forward on that basis to move this company back to independent status. That's my goal.
Nancy Bush  NAB Research: Thank you.
Richard Davis: Thanks, Nancy.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Rochester with FBR Capital Markets.
David Rochester  FBR Capital Markets: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Sorry if you mentioned this earlier, could you roughly give us the amounts of the larger real estate company loan that went bad, that boosted C&I, NTAs?
Andy Cecere: We cited $110 million but that, we can't 
Richard Davis: Yes, it was $110 million, David. It was 
David Rochester  FBR Capital Markets:  Okay, I apologize. And instead, what  looking at the rest of the increase there, what specific industries aside from those related to residential construction home building industries would you say made a preponderance of that increase?
Andy Cecere: Yes, a couple of the areas that we've seen strapped outside that is gaming. We do do gaming credits. We've seen strength in that area. Also, newspapers have been an area of high stress. Those are just couple of the two main industries.
David Rochester  FBR Capital Markets: Okay. And finally, can you update us on where you see the unemployment rate peaking in terms of timing and level? I know you have mentioned in the next couple of quarters you are looking at a reserve build, and maybe that will be temporary, but after that can you kind of update us on how bad you think the economy will get? And when we'll start to see, you think, we'll start to see a turn?
Richard Davis: Yes. We're looking at the unemployment rate near the end of this year hitting between 9% and 10% on the high end of that range but not hitting 10%. And if you look at the performance guidelines that you'll see later on the stress test, they'll be somewhere in between all those same scenarios. So I think we've been consistent with what the market is telling us. We haven't built for the Armageddon scenario. We can, but we haven't. And under any circumstances we find ourselves able to be profitable through the cycle and I think what we're looking for, David, is late in the year that starts to peak and then starts to trim back down slowly but surely into 2010. So, we're of the mind that the economy starts to show the possibility of recovery late in the year or early first part year. But we're not building any financial metrics around that to happen until 2010.
David Rochester  FBR Capital Markets: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys.
Richard Davis: Thanks.
Operator: And your final question comes from Richard Ramsden with Goldman Sachs.
Richard Davis: Good morning, Richard.
Richard Ramsden  Goldman Sachs: Yes. Hi. Good morning. Just a couple of questions. The first one is on the restructured loan market. Could you just give us an update on the re-default rates in the restructured loan portfolio? As well us give us a breakdown of how the composition of that portfolio has changed?
Bill Parker: Sure. Obviously, most of it is mortgages, the single biggest category that will continue to grow as we continue to work with our client base in trying to prevent foreclosures. What we've looked at is we measure who that we restructured and we've been doing this back beginning in, actually prior to '07, where we restructured the loan and then they eventually go into foreclosure or we have to take a loss or an event like that. On that basis we've restructured over 8,000 loans and 12% of those re-entered foreclosure are actually entered foreclosure. And the other 
Richard Ramsden  Goldman Sachs: But then 
Bill Parker:   yes, go ahead.
Richard Ramsden  Goldman Sachs: Yes, sir. On the re-default rates that you've seen, how are those evolving? Because you've been you've been conducting the program long enough now that you, I assume you've got some good data on how the re-default rates are evolving.
Bill Parker: Right. In the cumulative re-default rates, 12%. But you maybe speaking about the vintage impact of that, because obviously we went through the restructured most recently and not yet have the potential to go into foreclosure. So, if you look at some of the older vintages, it differs by portfolios. We have some restructured types that have maxed out at around that 12% range. Some of the older vintages get up to 20% or 30% range, depending upon the program.
Richard Davis: Hey, Richard, this is Richard. We've  you've all read about and heard from the OCP about their recent findings that re-default rates are higher for loans where the payment went up even if the payment was precluded from going up higher. We've seen that same early incident that those with payments going up perform less positively than those with flat payments or reduced payments. And in the course of that, that's early warning. And we're working now to evaluate our go forward approach to make sure that we take that thing, guide it, and keep payments flat or reduce payments, for those restructured credits so that we don't have a long term re-default problem that may not have shown itself yet.
Richard Ramsden  Goldman Sachs: Okay, that's great. And then the second question I wanted to ask is on deposit pricing trends. It looks as if that's now become a little bit more rational but it would be just helpful to get your perspective on how that's changed, I guess, in the last couple of months?
Andy Cecere: Richard, this is Andy. And your statement is correct. What we've seen is some of the more irrational price  deposit pricers are not in the marketplace any longer. I would say the large banks are pricing in the similar band that is rational and reasonable. There are still a few outliers, principally smaller banks. But I would say that it has rationalized quite a bit in the last quarter.
Richard Ramsden  Goldman Sachs: Okay. That's great. Thanks a lot.
Andy Cecere: You bet.
Richard Davis: Rachel, anybody else?
Operator: That concludes the Q&A session.
Richard Davis: Well, let me just thank you guys for joining our call. And I guess on one hand I'm completely more proud of the fact that I hope you appreciate the simple, transparent nature of our earnings. It's a little old fashioned except for the fact that loan losses and provision continue to be a question mark that, throughout  we have our board meetings then our annual shareholder meeting and we're going to declare once again that, without a lot of noise and fanfare, we're just kind of a basic old fashioned bank going through a cycle, able to earn through it under any circumstances, and pleased to see that underneath all that we're building some very strong momentum for a future that will be quite robust for our shareholders, as the credit world finds itself more settled in the coming quarters and coming years. So, thank you for that support. If you have any questions we'll be  certainly have the answer later today.
Judy Murphy: Thank you for joining us on the call today. If anyone has any questions please feel free to call me at 6123030783. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, this does conclude todays US Bancorp first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-21 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Judy Murphy - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Richard Davis - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Andrew Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer Bill Parker - Chief Credit Officer 
Analysts: Matt OConnor - UBS David Rochester  FBR Capital Markets Mike Mayo - Deutsche Bank Chris Mutascio - Stifel Nicolaus Bryan Duran  Goldman Sachs Todd Hagerman  Credit Suisse Eric Wasserstrom  Galleon 
Operator: Welcome to U.S. Bancorps fourth quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Following a review of the results by Richard Davis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Andy Cecere, U.S. Bancorps Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the conference call over to Judy Murphy, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Judy Murphy:  Thank you and good morning to everyone who has joined us on the call today. Richard Davis, Andy Cecere and Bill Parker are here with me to review U.S. Bancorps fourth quarter 2008 results and to answer your questions. If you have not received a copy of our earnings release and supplemental schedules, they are available on our website at www.usbank.com.  I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during todays call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are detailed in our press release and in our Form 10-K and subsequent reports on file with the SEC.  I will now turn the call over to Richard. 
Richard Davis: Thank you Judy. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Andy and I would like to start the call today with a short review of our fourth quarter results. As we complete our brief formal remarks we will open the line up to questions from the audience.  Our company reported net income of $330 million for the fourth quarter of 2008. Reported earnings per diluted common share of $0.15 were $0.38 lower than the earnings per diluted common share in the same period of 2007 and $0.17 lower than the prior quarter. Although the companys operating business continues to do well, the decline in reported earnings from a year ago and the prior quarter was primarily the result of higher credit costs including the cost of building a reserve for credit losses and additional impairment charges on securities, a consequence of current market conditions.  Significant items impacting the companys fourth quarter earnings included $253 million of securities impairments and a $635 million incremental provision expense. In total, significant items reduced earnings per diluted common share by approximately $0.34.  Our performance metrics were negatively impacted by these significant items as return on average assets in the current quarter fell to 0.51% or 1.63% in the fourth quarter of 2007. Return on average common equity dropped to 5.3% from 18.3% in the fourth quarter of last year. Without the securities impairments and reserve build, return on average assets and return on average common equity would have been approximately 1.46% and 17.5% respectively. As I stated in the beginning our operating businesses continued to do very well this quarter and results were highlighted by the following:  Growth in total average loans, excluding the acquisitions of Mellon 1st Business Bank, PFF Bank and Trust and Downey Financial, was $19.2 billion or 12.7% year-over-year with solid growth in all major categories. On a linked quarter basis, total average loans excluding acquisitions increased by $5.2 billion or 12.4% on an annualized basis.  As many of you have heard me say in the past, U.S. Bank is open for business. Our growth in average loans this quarter demonstrated that fact and our fourth quarter new business statistics further illustrate just how successful our business lines were in attracting new loan customers and servicing the lending needs of our current customers.  During the fourth quarter, U.S. Bank originated over $16 billion in new loans to businesses and consumers including over $3 billion of consumer loans, over $8 billion of residential mortgages, over $1 billion of loans to small businesses and well over $3 billion of commercial and commercial real estate loans. Be assured that we have not strayed from our high quality standards to attract and establish all of these new and expanded customer relationships.  We also experienced exceptional growth in average total deposits this quarter. Average total deposits excluding acquisitions increased by $12 billion, 9.6% over the same quarter of last year and $5.8 billion or 17.2% annualized on a linked quarter basis. Our company continues to benefit from the uncertainty in the financial markets and the flight to quality by customers seeking our stability.  Net interest income in the fourth quarter increased by 22.6% year-over-year and 9.9% on an annualized linked quarter. This increase was the result of an improvement in the net interest margin which was 3.81% in the fourth quarter, 16 basis points higher than the previous quarter and 30 basis points higher than the same quarter of last year in addition to the quarters strong growth in average earnings assets.  Moving onto fee income, seasonality, a slowing economy and unfavorable equity markets led to the decline in a number of fee-based categories this quarter including payments, trust investment management fees and deposit service charges. Payments related fees, which include credit and debit card revenue, corporate payment products and merchant processing services were lower on both a year-over-year and linked quarter basis as a result in the decline in transaction volumes.  Trust and investment management fees were also lower year-over-year and linked quarter as adverse equity market conditions reduced the value of assets under management and consequently related management fees.  Deposit service charges decreased for both of the comparable time periods due to a change in consumer spending patterns in this challenging economic environment. Mortgage banking revenue also declined year-over-year and linked quarter primarily reflecting a change in the fair value of mortgage servicing rights, none of the economic hedging activity. Mortgage production of $8.1 billion was higher than both the same quarter of 2007 and the prior quarter the majority of which was packaged and sold in to the secondary market. As many of you are aware, mortgage originations are up substantially in 2009 with the drop in interest rates and we expect our mortgage originations to continue to accommodate the increased demand from both new and existing customers.  Treasury management fees and commercial product revenue were higher than the fourth quarter of 2007 by 9.4% and 8.3% respectively reflecting the wholesale groups ongoing revenue initiatives. On a linked quarter basis, Treasury management fees were seasonally flat while lower syndication fees offset increases in other lines within the commercial product revenue category.  Finally, within non-interest income other income was lower year-over-year primarily due to the higher end of term residual losses and impairment on consumer auto leases offset somewhat by the impact of a Visa gain of $59 million as the litigation escrow account maintained by Visa, Inc. was funded in the quarter in connection with their recent settlement with Discover.  On a linked quarter basis the Visa gain made up the majority of the positive variance with end of term losses on retail auto leases slightly favorable as well. Total non-interest expense in the current quarter was essentially flat to the fourth quarter of last year but $137 million higher than the previous quarter.  The variance or lack of a significant variance year-over-year was largely the result of the $215 million Visa litigation charge which was taken in the fourth quarter of last year. Offsetting this favorable year-over-year variance was approximately $70 million of operating and integration expenses relating to recent acquisitions as well as higher expenses associated with the ongoing investment in our business lines, financial marketing campaigns, loan work out expense and tax credit investments.  Our efficiency ratio as reported for the fourth quarter 2008 was 50.6%, lower than the 55.1% we posted in the fourth quarter of 2007 and slightly higher than the previous quarter. We continue to be one of the most efficient financial institutions in the industry with a full-year efficiency ratio of 47.4%.  We have always operated with a disciplined approach to expense control and our ability to manage our costs is particularly important in this environment. As many of you know, in addition to our standard profit plan each of our managers submits a contingency budget that includes a 5% reduction in expenses relative to their approved plan. This years process was no exception and we recently have begun to ask managers in certain business lines to implement their expense reduction scenario.  Be assured this company will implement cost saving strategies in a very thoughtful and deliberate manner so as not to hamper the momentum of the business lines and their future success.  Now moving on to credit. As expected, credit costs trended higher again this quarter. Net charge offs of $632 million were 26.9% higher than the third quarter of 2008, an increase similar to what we experienced last quarter and in the middle of the range that we projected in December. The increase in net charge offs reflected the continued stress in the residential home and mortgage related industries, declining home prices and the impact of the worsening economy on both our commercial and retail customers.  Total net charge offs to average loans outstanding were 1.42% in the fourth quarter compared to 1.19% in the third quarter. Also, as expected non-performing assets increased this quarter. The change reflects an increase in the banks core loan portfolio and the effect of the nonperforming assets in the recent acquisitions of Downey Savings and PFF Bank and Trust.  At December 31, total nonperforming assets were $2.624 billion. Included in nonperforming assets was $643 million of loans and other real estate covered by a loss share agreement with the FDIC in connection with our acquisition of PFF Bank and Trust and Downey Financial. In other words, there is a minimal amount of potential loss given the terms of the agreement with the FDIC.  Excluding these covered assets, nonperforming assets increased by $489 million or 32.8%. This is also in line with our expectations as previously communicated to investors. The majority of the increase in the core bank portfolio was related to residential construction, residential mortgages and related industries. However, the economic slow down also had an impact on some of our commercial and retail customers. The ratio of nonperforming assets to loans plus other real estate owned, excluding covered loans, was 114 basis points at December 31, still well below the ratios posted by our peer banks to date.  Restructured loans that continued to accrue interest rose by 22.9% this quarter as the company continues to work with customers who are current or will become current on their payments to renegotiate loan terms enabling them to keep their homes and retain the value of that relationship for our shareholders. As I have said in the past, we intend to protect the quality and strength of the balance sheet and given the upward trends in both net charge offs and nonperforming assets.  In addition to the current economic slowdown we increased the allowance for loan loss this quarter by recording an incremental provision for loan losses of $635 million or an amount equal to 100% of net charge offs. With this addition to the allowance for credit losses, the companys allowance for credit losses to period end loans excluding covered assets was 2.09% compared with 1.71% at September 30 and the ratio of allowance to nonperforming loans, excluding covered assets, was 206%.  Going forward we will also continue to assess the adequacy of our reserve to loan losses and provide for credit losses to reflect changes in the credit risk of the loan portfolio and economic conditions. Again, we entered this credit cycle with a strong balance sheet and we will continue to protect that position going forward.  Finally and importantly, our capital position remains strong. On November 3 we announced our participation in the Treasurys capital purchase plan and subsequently issued $6.6 billion of preferred stock and related warrants to the U.S. Treasury. Our tier-1 and total capital ratios were 10.6% and 14.3% respectively at December 31, both well above our target levels.  I will now turn the call over to Andy who will make a few more comments about the quarter. 
Andrew Cecere:  Thanks Richard. I would like to begin with a quick summary of the significant items that have impacted the comparison of our fourth quarter results to prior periods.  At an investor conference in December we disclosed a few significant items that were expected to impact our companys fourth quarter results. The actual impact was as predicted. Included in our December presentation were the following: First, we expected an impairment charge on our SIV exposure of $200-300 million. The actual impairment was $253 million. Second, we predicted net charge offs to be in the range of $610-650 million and that we were expected to build the companys loan loss reserve by an amount equal to 90-110% of net charge offs for the quarter at a rate higher than previous quarters.  Net charge offs in the fourth quarter equaled $632 million and the actual reserve built was $635 million. Significant items totaling $888 million were very close to the expectations and reduced earnings per diluted common share by approximately $0.34.  For comparison purposes, during the third quarter 2008 the company recorded $411 million of security losses, the result of impairment charges on restructured investment securities, other preferred securities and non-agency mortgage backed securities.  Other income in the third quarter included $39 million of losses related to the bankruptcy of an investment banking firm. In addition, third quarter results included incremental provision expense of $250 million. Together, these significant items reduced third quarter earnings per diluted common share by approximately $0.28.  Finally, as you may recall, the fourth quarter of 2007 included two significant items including $107 million charge to other income related to the original purchase of the structured investment vehicles for an affiliate and a $215 million charge related to Visa, Inc.s litigation settlement.  Now just a few comments about operating earnings. Net interest income in the fourth quarter was higher on a year-over-year and linked quarter basis due to both earning asset growth and strong net interest margin. The improvement in margin on both a year-over-year and linked quarter basis was the result of growth in higher spread assets, the benefit of being liability sensitive in a declining rate environment and net free funds.  In addition we were also able to maintain very favorable short-term funding rates as market volatility continued throughout the quarter. Going forward, assuming the current rate environment and yield curve, we expect net interest margin to moderate to a level comparable to the average for 2008 or in the low to mid 360s.  This expectation accounts for the impact of the recent acquisitions of PFF and Downey Financial, the dollar re-price in certain consumer loan products and the normalization of funding and liquidity in the wholesale funding markets.  As Richard mentioned, the growth in non-interest income was affected in the fourth quarter by losses on auto lease residuals. Specifically, $71 million of the decrease in other income year-over-year was attributed to residual losses. On a linked quarter basis we saw $3 million improvement in the total amount of losses from retail auto leases. We continue to carefully manage the residual risk on this portfolio. Given the current market for used cars we expect adverse market pressure on auto lease residual values to continue in 2009 but overall losses will be manageable as the number of vehicles coming off lease declines.  On November 21, U.S. Bancorp acquired substantially all the assets, assumed all deposits and most of the liabilities of Downey Savings and Loan and PFF Bank and Trust from the FDIC. We did not acquire the legal entities of either of these institutions and I would like to clarify a few points regarding the impact that these acquisitions had on our results and financial reporting.  First, the company purchased net assets of approximately $1.6 billion between these two acquisitions for a nominal amount of consideration. Second, as part of these transactions U.S. Bancorp entered into a loss sharing agreement with the FDIC which provided for specific credit loss and asset yield protection for a significant portion of the loans and foreclosed real estate. These assets encompassed by the loss sharing agreement with the FDIC are referred to as covered assets in our financial reporting and are segregated from all other assets for transparency.  Table eight in our fourth quarter earnings release includes a summary of these covered assets. As of December 31 we have estimated that these covered assets with a contract value of $13.8 billion will incur cumulative credit losses of approximately $4.7 billion or 34%. Of the $4.7 billion, $2.4 billion represents the companys estimate of the losses to be offset by the loss share agreement with the FDIC. The remaining $2.3 billion represents U.S. Bancorps first loss position of $1.6 billion, essentially equal to the net assets received at close plus an additional $700 million of losses which represents the companys remaining share of expected losses.  Finally, because the majority of the assets acquired in the Downey and PFF transactions were experiencing credit deterioration they were recorded in the financial statements as their estimated fair market value to reflect expected credit losses and the estimated impact of loss sharing agreements. Accordingly, we will not record additional provision or charge offs related to covered assets unless further credit deterioration occurs going forward. You will note we have provided credit statistics with and without these covered loans for comparison purposes.  I will now turn the call back to Richard. 
Richard Davis:  Thank you Andy. In conclusion, overall I was disappointed with the relative size of our earnings this quarter and our inability to increase earnings on either a linked quarter or year-over-year basis. However, I am very proud of the fact that our company continues to profitably navigate through this difficult economic environment while continuing to build momentum for our future.  Our fundamental businesses remain strong. We are, however, a bank and therefore not immune to the challenges facing our industry. As the results of the fourth quarter and full-year 2008 demonstrate we are actively lending to credit-worthy borrowers. We are judiciously investing in and growing our banking franchise and businesses. We are serving our communities through business partnerships and employee volunteerism and we are creating value for our shareholders by maintaining our prudent approach to risk, preserving the quality of our balance sheet and the strength of our capital and positioning U.S. Bank to meet both the challenges of today and the opportunities of tomorrow.  That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Bill and I would now be happy to answer questions from our audience. 
 :
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Matt OConnor  UBS. 
Matt OConnor - UBS: I was hoping you could give us a little more color in terms of how you calculate the tangible common equity ratio. You are showing 4.5 and I get 3.8 when I X goodwill and exclude other intangibles I get closer to 3.3. Im just trying to reconcile how you are calculating it to get to 4.5. 
Andrew Cecere:  It is a calculation we have actually used for over a decade and it has been consistently applied. I believe the fundamental difference between the way you are calculating, and we are, is some components of OCI and the inclusion of those. We start with core capital and probably the biggest difference is the exclusion of the unrealized gain loss in securities in our calculation. We believe that starting with the core capital number is more appropriate. 
Matt OConnor - UBS: Obviously you are excluding goodwill but what about the intangibles? 
Andrew Cecere:  Yes we are. 
Matt OConnor - UBS: So all intangibles other than the MSR I would assume? 
Andrew Cecere:  That is correct. All goodwill, all intangibles and then adding back or not excluding the MSR. Correct. 
Matt OConnor - UBS: Separately, Richard you have been one of the more responsible banks out there and one of the stronger banks out there but the outlook for the industry overall seems rather dire and I know this might be a little bit of an unfair question but how do you think about what the government can do to fix the industry overall? You have been dragged down by it and I think everybody is kind of looking around for some solutions. Im wondering if you have any thoughts in how you think this all plays out. 
Richard Davis:  First of all I am actually quite optimistic with the new administration and the new team that we will have some new solutions and I think perhaps a more collaborative view of asking a lot of us in the banking community in how we think different solutions might be best suited. I am looking forward to being part of it. I will also tell you that as difficult as things look I am looking forward to the time when banks will start to trade again on their core earnings and I know that is quite a ways into the future when the fear and the unknown finally is extracted from the formula. Our company is pretty simple, as you know, and we are doing exactly what we did a few years ago in exactly the same way. All the same businesses and despite the economy bringing us slower with some revenue based on the payments and trust businesses which is an interim solution that will eventually recover and the fact that loan losses are a reality and we are taking our fair share of those but still earning well above those.  I am kind of encouraged that at least in the simple form of things as this is a cycle it is longer than we thought it would be. It might be a deeper and more protracted than we thought it would be in more places but I am actually looking forward to getting to the other side because our core fundamentals havent been affected. We are still operating kind of the old fashioned way of a balance sheet bank growing the business with fees and spending money to insure there is a future. In terms of the actions of the government hopefully to take I think we all agree that part of this is just confidence. That might be the biggest part and that is very intangible but to the extent we can get things moving again I think it is going to be instructive for people to believe there is a market out there that is willing to help them either grow their companies or grow their personal assets.  You look at the headline that banks arent lending and obviously we dont participate in that headline because as I said we loaned over $16 billion in new loans last quarter. I specifically celebrate the fact that we are having a flight to quality that many of our peers are not but in this circumstance we are no longer celebrating that distinction. We are wishful that everybody will get back onto the game and we will have a more robust banking environment where people start coming back to banks for lending. So I am looking for a solution that will help all of us equally and I think getting the housing situation fixed will be the first remedy. Getting the foreclosures behind us and turning the market where the valuations start to improve instead of degrade is going to be helpful and I think that confidence is the other piece that kicks in because after real estate and real estate related issues, which are many, we are just going to have people needing to turn the corner and believing that an investment in themselves, their homes and their companies is going to be a well placed investment that will eventually yield a return.  What I am happy to report, in my long answer to your question, is that banks are the place again where they are going to go. Despite all of this turmoil and discord in the last couple of years I dont know if anybody noticed but banking is back again. It is a really good business and it is a place where consumers and businesses are going to go to grow their company and grow their lives. The risk premium is back. The yield curve is back. The confidence isnt but it will be and eventually when you look at the alternatives and the interlopers that came in with international funding, foreign investors and private equity, most of that has been there, visited and left. On the long view if we can get past this difficult time the structure of core banking is sound and Im kind of looking forward to getting there first. 
Matt OConnor - UBS: In your terms, specific to USB, would you be interested in additional capital from the government or some sort of loss sharing arrangement or do you feel like your capital structure is adequate where it is? 
Richard Davis:  I feel our capital structure is very adequate as is and while you never know if plans may come along we dont have any projected view of needing any additional capital or needing any government assistance in virtually any combination of outcomes. 
Operator:  The next question comes from David Rochester  FBR Capital Markets. 
David Rochester  FBR Capital Markets: A quick question regarding your dividend. I just want to get your updated thoughts on that in the context of the deepening recession and with the tangible common equity reduction you took this quarter if you get to the point where you are internally looking at under-earning a dividend for more than just a couple of quarters whether it is due to securities impairments or continued reserve building are you thinking in that kind of a scenario you would take a closer look at that payout ratio? 
Richard Davis:  Thanks for asking it that way, that is exactly the right way to ask it and the answer is yes. Let me just remind our investors every 90 days our Board evaluates the dividend and seriously every 90 days. There has never been any rubber stamp about it. As you know, we just declared our dividend in the late, middle of last month, just paid it out a couple of weeks ago and are scheduled to look at it again in the middle of March at which time we will.  To the extent that we have a dividend out there should reflect to you we think we can more than cover our dividend with earnings and that is how we identify the level at which we should pay out. To the extent that the world becomes more impaired or becomes scenarios that arent currently contemplated even by us at this point in time then we will use that information to evaluate in March and again in June and again in September. We will make the right call. We are not going to preserve the dividend to be ridiculous about being dead right if it is not going to be appropriately covered by earnings but we are also not going to reduce the dividend until which time we feel it is appropriate and necessary given number one the constraint on being able to raise it again and number two on the fact we recognize that is a value to our investors and our shareholders as part of the strength of this company. 
David Rochester  FBR Capital Markets: In terms of the restructured loans and the increased linked quarter can you talk about what drove that increase? Where you saw most of this and was any part due to the inclusion of Downey and PFF? 
Bill Parker:  The restructured loan increase is just a continuation of something we began more than two years ago primarily in two areas. One was residential mortgages where either we know people have rate resets coming up and will be proactive and get a hold of them and if they are current we will say you will not have to increase your payment, just keep making the same payment. That is about half of the residential restructuring loan increases. The other piece is where people have fallen behind. We have a variety of programs to help them. We verify their income and hopefully can create a program where they can continue making reasonable payments. If it is something where they cant make a payment that at least have some kind of market rate then it will be an un-performing loan even if they do stay in the home.  On the credit card side where the other increase comes from we have a variety of either hardship or work out programs and again for what we consider fair rates or something less than what they have been paying to allow them to get back on their feet. 
Andrew Cecere:  I would also add that with the Downey acquisition we agreed to participate in the FDICs restructuring program and we are actually having good success with that. 
Bill Parker:  The restructured loans you see in our table do not include the Downey. Most of the single family homes came out of Downey. $10-11 billion. We are offering a specific program that was put forth by the FDIC. It all goes through verified income. You can extend the loan term up to 40 years; reduce the interest rate down to 3%. All those are covered assets and to the extent that we reduce our rates below something which is market that is part of what the FDIC has offered up as their loss sharing, not just credit loss sharing it is also a value loss sharing. 
David Rochester  FBR Capital Markets: The increase in terms of the net charge offs and CNI, can you talk about that and what industries you saw increased stress that contributed to that? 
Bill Parker:  We did have a couple of larger CNI charge offs in the fourth quarter. One of them was related to the oil and gas energy industry with a pipeline and storage company. Another credit we had a larger loss on was in the gaming industry. Both are industries we have active roles in financing but there were issues in both of those credits.
Operator:  The next question comes from Mike Mayo - Deutsche Bank. 
Mike Mayo - Deutsche Bank: Can you just comment on your outlook for credit and nonperforming assets and what you are seeing and to follow-up to that last question what other industry groups are you monitoring more closely? Also as related to the covered assets is there any scenario where you can lose money on those covered assets? Im just trying to figure out if I look at a reserve to NPA ratio should I permanently exclude those covered assets or is there a chance you can have losses down the road? 
Andrew Cecere:  On the covered asset question first of all I would highlight our current expectation is very, very consistent with the expectation we had a month and a half ago or two months ago. For the most part we are at the point of the loss sharing agreement on those covered assets that it is a 95% FDIC loss and 5% U.S. Bank loss. So to the extent that we are wrong for the most part we are at that level of sharing. 
Richard Davis:  In regards to kind of our view looking at credit loss, both charge offs and nonperforming I am happy to report that as basic and predictable as we have been in the last four quarters you can just go forward so far on the same trajectory. We are seeing the same kind of linked quarter 20-30% increase in nonperforming and charge offs and I dont see that changing in the near term. I have always been a pundant of saying if you can see 90 days out after that it gets a bit blurry. In the 90 days out we are seeing nothing remarkable but nothing improving. We are just seeing a continuation of what we have seen heretofore and that is why we thought wed wait to the end of the year basically double down on our reserves to continue to be at the high end of a [inaudible] balance sheet and that may or may not need to continue because we may not see that as necessary if we just continue the same kind of trajectory.  We are looking forward to that moment when all of a sudden loan losses appear to start flattening out and eventually settling and going down. Somewhere around that time reserve build starts to slow and goes down to equal to earning offset growth and when those days happen those are going to be great days for at least those of us that are just operating standard above the line in core growth and then it will definitely shine through.  In the meantime I think we are going to predict the rest of this year is probably more of that traditional increase in losses first, reserve build along the way and we havent seen a place yet for that turning the corner is evident. 
Mike Mayo - Deutsche Bank: So FDIC covers 95% of the covered assets. So you are exposed 5% of what number would it be? Would it be of the $5 billion that is currently covered or an original amount? 
Andrew Cecere:  It is of the original amount. So we expect a certain amount of loss. We wrote down our assets to that loss level. There was a 20/80 loss sharing agreement. 20% to U.S. Bank and 80% to the FDIC. To some level we are just about to that level. There is a little bit left to go. After that it would be 95% FDIC, 5%. 
Mike Mayo - Deutsche Bank: So 5% of the $14 billion? 
Andrew Cecere:  5% of whatever losses occur on that loan portfolio. 
Mike Mayo - Deutsche Bank: Of the $14 billion. So it cant hurt too much at this point? 
Andrew Cecere:  Thats correct. You are right on the $14 billion. 
Mike Mayo - Deutsche Bank: One separate question, the processing business how much of the decline is seasonal and how much is more permanent through this cycle with consumer spending going down the way it has? Can you just elaborate on that? 
Richard Davis:  Processing business will decline. My answer will include merchant processing and we will take our corporate spend so the less traditional businesses that a lot of our peers dont have. I would say the decreases you have seen a majority of those are recession related. They are not seasonal. Seasonality would typically take us to a fairly flat quarter run over or quarter four over quarter three because the government is higher in quarter three and comes down in four but the retail goes up in quarter four from quarter three. Instead they are both down and they are both down linked quarter and down year-over-year and that is almost entirely recessionary or slowing. We saw, as you all did, on the merchant side you can see either our big portfolio of airlines, hotels and resorts or retailing is 1/3, 1/3 and 1/3. They all showed a certain level of significant drop year-over-year in the month of December and the government spending went to almost nothing in the last half of the last month in the quarter based on what appears to be a lot of cost cutting and budget controls.  We are seeing in January we expect it to be slower. It is slower. It is not exceeding our expectations so it is actually firmed up a bit over perhaps the delta year-over-year that December had. But make no mistake about it, consumers and businesses are spending less, traveling less and they are watching their nickels and dimes. We will be affected by that in the near term.  What I like best about this business though is the pipeline if you will is built and it is done. So just as this is flowing through it when the market recovers we should start putting more through it and it is very scalable. We dont have any structural loss here and we have no loss of customers. We are still building our base of new business. We simply have less per customer incident for the next 6 months or so. 
Mike Mayo - Deutsche Bank: If this is scalable and revenues arent quite as strong why not do another acquisition in the processing area? 
Richard Davis :  Absolutely could. That would be brilliant and to the extent that we are able to find one you could expect that to be on the shortest list of things we would do. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Chris Mutascio - Stifel Nicolaus. 
Chris Mutascio - Stifel Nicolaus: I wanted to follow-up on Matts original question. If I calculate the table common ratio like I do for most banks instead of being a range I get 3.2%. You have banks that are below 3 of course and they got hit hard because of that. Can you give me your thoughts on your comfort level with the TCE ratio calculated like I do for other banks in the low 3s? 
Andrew Cecere:  First of all, as you know that ratio is calculated differently along different banks who calculate it differently. Some of the rating agencies calculate it differently. We have been using this consistent calculation and again we start with the core capital number. As we have talked about we think the way we calculate it we like to stay above the 4% ratio as sort of an internal target we set for ourselves. Perhaps the way you are calculating it is above 3%. So it is something we are cognizant of. However, we have a very strong earnings power. We have great businesses. We are very comfortable with the ratio as it is and as Richard mentioned we dont see any need to capital raise or anything around that for that ratio. We are comfortable where it is. 
Chris Mutascio - Stifel Nicolaus: If I could follow up on a different question, you gave some margin guidance and I think some of this is already answered. If you look, and I missed the first part of the call so forgive me, but of the 16 or so basis points of margin expansion in the quarter was any of that tied to the acquisitions made in the quarter or not? 
Andrew Cecere:  No. None of it was tied to the acquisitions. First, we benefited from rates coming down on the fourth quarter and liabilities so that helped us. That will level in the first quarter and the rest of 2009. Second, as you know particularly in the month of November there was a very volatile market particularly in LIBOR and we are wide in LIBOR on that side of the equation so that helped us out a little bit. The acquisitions actually are a bit negative to our net interest margin and once we have the full impact of the quarter in there that is why we said we would be in the low 360s. 
Richard Davis:  I want to go back and just confirm what we just said. Basically the way we define tangible common and you can define it however you want, we are not going to debate that, but based on our measurements we have indicated and would indicate here if we were to do another deal or transaction we set a limit for ourselves at 4%. So thats the way we define it. There is no magic about that. We thought it would be constructive for our investors to know we do think there is a minimum level that is appropriate to have no matter what your preferred or tier-1 capital is and we would make sure we would go out and raise the difference to protect those levels. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Bryan Duran  Goldman Sachs. 
Bryan Duran  Goldman Sachs: Im sorry if I missed this but do you have any re-default metric you can give us on the restructuring book so we can think about how much of that ultimately fell to performing versus nonperforming? 
Andrew Cecere:  Everything in restructured loans gets reported as either current loan, delinquent loan or if it does re-default goes into non-accrual. Two comments on that. One, we have been doing this for over a couple of years. One of the ways we measure that is looking at on residential mortgages anybody that eventually does go into for the first time into foreclosure by that measurement it is about 13%. I will say, though, that has a blend of older loans which tend to have a higher rate and that can get up to 20-30% along with the newer ones which we have just restructured which are obviously at least in the short-term doing fine. On a blended rate basis up through our data on the fourth quarter was 13% rate going into foreclosure. 
Richard Davis:  I would say although the layman view, we do have some comps against some of our OCC and we were slightly more successful than our peers have been. I dont exactly know the approaches they are all taking or the time at which we grab the customer and do what we can to restructure but that is favorable. I would say we would do this again and again and again. This is good business in times like this. We have long given up the need to be underwriting and hold onto the terms and conditions of a loan and put a customer out of their car, out of their home or out of their credit card. We have found it for years to be smart to restructure but it is never to our benefit to let the numbers lie or confuse any of you. So for us it is not 100% guarantee it is going to stave off an eventual loss but it is well worth the effort and in many cases it has proven to be successful. 
Bryan Duran  Goldman Sachs: Not to beat a dead horse on the tangible common but is there any piece of the securities portfolio you would highlight? 4.5% basically assume that a lot of this stuff will convert to par. Is there any piece of the securities portfolio that you would highlight as potentially actually being at risk of defaulting at some point in the future that we should kind of think about in 2009? 
Andrew Cecere:  If you think about our portfolio of about $40 billion, about 60% of it is agency backed, mortgage backed securities, high quality. About 20% is municipal or treasury related securities, all high quality. Then we have about $3 billion of jumbo. About $1 billion of alt-A and then some other debt securities in trust preferred. I would say that we have appropriately priced all of those and the stresses that occurred in this quarter relate to spread widening on some of those securities that I talked about. We reflected the losses through the other than temporary impairment and I am very comfortable with the accounting there. Overall, it is a high quality portfolio. There may be additional stress. Also in there is the SIV portfolio which is down to $1.225 billion now. It is a high quality portfolio reflective of prices and the OTTI and the permanent impairment. 
Richard Davis:  On SIV, lets go back and reflect we are down to $1.2 billion. We have it marked at
Andrew Cecere:  It is now marked at $0.54 on the dollar. 
Richard Davis:  So we are not here to say it is over and we wont have any other further impairments. Based on the starting point of a year ago of $3.1 billion and both the pay downs and write downs and current position we dont feel any longer that is a material surprise activity for any of us to forecast and while there may be some additional losses in the tens of millions of dollars over the next few quarters it is just that. So now we are down to just being a simple bank with earnings above the line and loan losses and reserve build below it. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Todd Hagerman  Credit Suisse. 
Todd Hagerman  Credit Suisse: I was just wondering in terms of your outlook on the credit side and expectations for the higher loss levels going forward and NPAs and so forth what kind of unemployment scenario are you factoring in and as you have talked in the past kind of about your recession plan and so forth can you give us a little more color in terms of the general economic backdrop you kind of are factoring in whether it is lease residuals or the car portfolio and so forth? 
Richard Davis:  We are looking at a 7-8% scenario moving through to 8% and maybe even a little higher by years end. So, we are not the Armageddon 9.5-10.5% kind of levels but we are still reflecting what we see in the current world. One thing I will say is as you know because our portfolios are wholly prime based on the credit card side a majority of that on the consumer side and all of that in the mortgage side we probably havent felt all of the effects yet of unemployment trickling into the customers inability to pay.  In other words at 6.5% or 6.7% unemployment you would probably agree with me that even most of us on this telephone call dont know a lot of people unemployed and those arent the people we have been making loans to or doing business with on the lending side but if all of a sudden you get to 7.5%, 8% or 8.5% we are all going to start knowing people that have liable positions that have lost their job and they have assets that they owe banks to and all those things. So we are expecting to see something less than linear. Perhaps something more than linear that losses will start to move up as unemployment goes higher.  So my point is we have accounted for it that way. I do think you will see our loan losses to be very predictable and pretty steady based on the quality of our portfolio but where you have seen losses in credit cards, retail lending or homeowners products we will just continue to see those move up over the course of many days in a very steady way. The charge offs that come from commercial real estate or from commercial lending, CNI lending, that is a little lumpier and while 2008 has been our look back on taking care of some fairly big losses in our California housing and developer portfolio those are done and paid for. Now I think in 2009 we will have a fairly steady amount of losses in commercial real estate attributed to just more traditional commercial real estate across our national footprint.  On the CNI side I dont expect that to change a great deal. I just think we will continue to have new names replace prior names with a slight increase over the course of time. So for us I think the cycle is done while it has continued to enjoy a meaningful spread below the loss of most of our peers but we are going to see a meaningful increase from where we ended last year by the end of 2009 just because the world is going to get worse before it gets better. 
Todd Hagerman  Credit Suisse: More specifically with the card portfolio again essentially a prime based portfolio but as you mentioned before potentially with the unemployment level perhaps exceeding 8% in the near term, your loss rate is over 5% now. Conceptually, and again a big part of your loss coming through in the card portfolio can that conceptually go over 6%? 
Richard Davis:  I got you. I know the sound bite you want now. In quarter four you see we are at 5.18% on credit cards. We are going to forecast that to be slightly over 6-6.5% at the end of this year or a year from today as we are talking back on quarter four. We are not talking 7-8 but we arent talking in the 5s. We see it continuing to atrophy to something more like 100-125 basis points from where it is. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Eric Wasserstrom  Galleon. 
Eric Wasserstrom  Galleon: I just want to make sure I understood how the incremental $700 million of losses from the acquired portfolio is going to be treated. That does or does not flow through the provision? 
Andrew Cecere:  Most of those losses do not flow through the provision. Most of the loans that we acquired are accounted for at a fair value level and those have been marked down. So to the extent there are further mark downs against it over and above our expectations that would flow through. But to the extent they are at fair value that is already being marked down and will not flow through charge offs. 
Eric Wasserstrom  Galleon: So the $1.6 billion taken at closing, the incremental loss above that you are saying was actually captured in the basis adjustment? 
Andrew Cecere:  Think of it this way. We purchased an entity that was $1.6 billion long in assets. Our total loss expectation for the portfolio is just over $4.5 billion of which about half is covered by the FDIC covered guarantee. The remainder, lets call it $2.3 billion, you really net against the long asset position of the $1.6 billion and that represents the $700 million that we really think economically will be a loss to U.S. Bancorp as reflected in our numbers. 
Eric Wasserstrom  Galleon: That is the basis adjustment portion? 
Andrew Cecere:  Yes. 
Richard Davis:  So we have marked those down. 
Andrew Cecere:  Those assets we have marked down to 34% consistent with what we talked about in both the presentation and our call here. Those have been marked down and our expectation loss is 34% and that is how going through the math I described we get to the $700 million net number for ourselves. 
Richard Davis :  We will undoubtedly have something flow through provision Im sure but it wont be very much to the extent we have already marked it down to 66% of original value and because we have accounted for so much of the stuff that has happened in those portfolios at this point in time. I will say, though, how grateful we are that we have that loss sharing agreement as a back stop that protects us given what could be a more dire scenario for some of those primarily California assets. 
Eric Wasserstrom  Galleon: I didnt understand from the press release what happened with your tax rate in the period. Can you explain that to me? 
Andrew Cecere:  Simply stated, we have a number of items that are tax benefited income items and to the extent that our revenues and net income was lower those tax benefited revenue items were a better component of the overall income number and therefore our tax rate went down. We would expect it to go back up to more normal levels in 2009. 
Operator:  There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Richard for closing remarks. 
Richard Davis:  I just wanted to say one last thing in terms of our closing comments. I am greatly, as I said, disappointed about our top line earnings but I can tell you I am very proud of the momentum we are building in this company and at the end of the day we will be traded eventually on our core earnings with reasonable loan losses and with reserves and I think you will see that we will be one of those banks to come through this even stronger than when we started.  I also draw your attention to the rating agencies that have recently made a number of changes since the first of December and at least as we speak to you today both with S&P and Moodys we now are alone as the most highly rated bank of our large bank peer group with a AA rating and a stable outlook with S&P with an AA2 and stable outlook with Moodys. We are quite proud of that and to the extent you would agree that that is some reflection of the quality of both our balance sheet and our earnings ability. We close with that as one of our points of pride and certainly the employees here and I are using that to our benefit to continue to grab the opportunity that has been created in this environment where we are taking market share. We are growing deposits and loans and we are able to continue to invest in some of the business you would expect us to be investing in so we are distinctly different and diversified in earnings and prepared for a better day when I think things start to improve.  That is all we have. We thank you for your attention and interest in our company. Judy I will turn it to you for the final legal comments. 
Judy Murphy:  Thanks Richard. Thanks all of you for listening to our review of the fourth quarter 2008 results. If you have any follow-up questions or need copies of the supplemental schedule or press release feel free to contact me at (612) 303-0783. Thank you. 
Operator:  That concludes todays conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-21 07:30:00) =====
Executives: Judy Murphy - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Richard Davis - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Andrew Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer Bill Parker - Chief Credit Officer 
Analysts:  Matt OConnor - UBS Mike Mayo - Deutsche Bank Ed Najarian - Merrill Lynch Vivek Juneja - JP Morgan Nancy Bush - NAB Research Eric Wasserstrom  Galleon Chris Mutascio - Stifel Nicolaus  
Operator:  Welcome to U.S. Bancorps Q3 2008 earnings conference call. Following a review of the results by Richard Davis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Andy Cecere, U.S. Bancorps Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the conference call over to Judy Murphy, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Judy Murphy: Thank you and good morning to everyone who has joined us on the call today. Richard Davis, Andy Cecere and Bill Parker are here with me to review U.S. Bancorps Q3 2008 results and to answer your questions. If you have not received a copy of our earnings release and supplemental schedules, they are available on our website at usbank.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during todays call are subject to risk and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are detailed in our press release and in our Form 10-K report on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard Davis: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Andy and I would like to start the call today with a short review of our third quarter results. After weve completed our brief formal remarks, well open up the lines and welcome questions from the audience. Our company reported net income of $576 million for the third quarter of 2008. Reported earnings per diluted common share of $0.32 were $0.30 lower than the earnings per diluted common share in the same period of 2007, and $0.21 lower than the prior quarter. Although the companys core businesses continue to grow, the decline in reported earnings from a year ago and the prior quarter was the result of securities losses -- a consequence of the current market condition -- and an increase in credit costs. In our view, the quarterly results reflected the underlying strength of our banking franchise and our business model, particularly our diversification and prudent approach to risk management. But the results also demonstrated the fact that we are not immune to the challenges of the current environment. Significant items impacting the companys third quarter earnings included $450 million of securities and market valuation losses and a $250 million incremental provision expense. These items combined reduced earnings per diluted common share by approximately $0.28. Understandably, our performance metrics were impacted, as return on average assets in the current quarter fell to 0.94% from 1.95% in the third quarter of 2007 and return on average common equity dropped to 10.8% from 21.7% in the third quarter of last year. Without these securities and market valuation losses and the reserve build, return on average assets and return on average common equity would have been approximately 1.74% and 20.3% respectively. Lets review some of the highlights. Total average loans grew by 12.9% year over year, led by solid growth in all major categories. Note that a small portion of the increase was due to a balance sheet reclassification and the purchase of student loans, in addition to the acquisition of Mellon 1st Business Bank.  Extracting these items, average loan growth year over year would still have been a strong 10.2%. On a linked quarter basis, total average loans increased by $3.5 billion or 2.1% on an unannualized basis. Excluding the acquisition of Mellon 1st Business Bank, average loans grew 1.7% unannualized quarter over quarter. Average total deposits increased by 12.1% over the same quarter of last year, although the linked quarter average total deposits were lower by 1.7%. Total deposits at September 30th were $4.4 billion, or 3.2% higher than at June 30th as growth accelerated during the last weeks of the quarter, particularly in consumer bank.  Similar to our growth in average loans, Mellon 1st Business Bank had an impact. Excluding this acquisition, average deposits were higher by 10.4% year over year and lower by 2.6% on a linked-quarter basis. As the strong growth in average loans and average deposits demonstrates, we continue to find our company is benefiting from the uncertainty in the financial markets. Customers seek stability as well as a financial services provider that is willing to provide the products and services that they need. Our bank has been and is a beneficiary of the flight to quality aspect of this challenging economic environment.  We have a strong capital structure and are in the position to provide our customers with high quality banking products and services. We can and we will continue to compete for the best customers nationwide. Our net interest income in the third quarter increased by 16.7% year over year and 3.1% unannualized linked quarter. This increase was the result of an improvement in the net interest margin which came in at 3.65%, 4 basis points higher than the previous quarter and 21 basis points higher than the same quarter of last year in addition to the quarters strong growth in average earning assets. The majority of our fee-based businesses recorded excellent growth year over year. The most notable increases included: commercial products revenue which grew by 23.4%; treasury management fees, which increased by 8.5%; and payment-related fees, which rose by 8.1%. On a linked-quarter basis however, growth in the fee-based categories was somewhat muted, reflecting the changing market conditions and seasonality.  Commercial products revenue was one exception with a growth of 12.8% over the prior quarter, demonstrating that the wholesale groups revenue initiatives continue to gain momentum.  Payments-related fees were essentially flat quarter-over-quarter, as both a decline in same-store sales volume and a change in mix from higher to lower spread customer sectors limited the growth in fees between the second and third quarters. Seasonality and market conditions contributed to the decline in trust and investment management fees and treasury management revenue, while mortgage banking revenue was impacted by lower production as higher mortgage rates slowed application volume. Finally within the non-interest income, the other income line posted the largest decline both year over year and linked quarter. The variances in this category were partially due to the market valuation losses, but the majority of the decline was due to the end-of-term losses and impairment on auto lease residuals. Total non-interest expense in the quarter was $47 million higher than the third quarter of last year, but $12 million lower than the previous quarter. A large portion of the expense was year over year and can be attributed to continued investment in both our fee-based businesses and banking franchise. Our efficiency ratio as reported for the third quarter of 2008 was 48.1% and we continue to be one of the most efficient financial institutions in the industry. We have always operated with a disciplined approach to expense control and our ability to maintain our efficiency is particularly important in this environment. Moving on to credit. As expected, credit costs trended higher again this quarter. Net charge-offs of $498 million were 25.8% higher than the second quarter of 2008 and in line with projections we made in early September. The increase in net charge-offs reflected continued stress in the residential home and mortgage-related industries, declining home prices and the impact of the worsening economy on our commercial and retail customers. The most apparent stress was seen in California residential homebuilding which was the primary driver of the increase in net charge-offs in the commercial construction and development category. The net charge-off ratio on the first residential real estate loans increased this quarter to 1.21% of average loans outstanding, while the net charge-off ratio on home equity and second mortgages fell slightly to 1.07%.  The majority of the increase in net charge-offs on first mortgages can be attributed to loans originated through our consumer finance division, as our branch-originated portfolios continue to perform very well. Within the retail loan portfolio, the largest increase was in the other retail loan category, about half of which was related to auto loans while credit card loans net charge-offs accounted for most of the remaining linked-quarter increase in consumer net charge-offs. The net charge-off rate on credit cards rose just slightly to 4.85% in the quarter, well below the industry average and indicative of the quality of this prime-based portfolio. Also, as expected, non-performing assets climbed to a higher level this quarter. At September 30, the total non-performing assets were $1.492 billion, or 31.5% higher than at June 30; again, within the range projected in early December. The majority of the increase was related to residential construction, residential mortgages and related industries. However, the economic slowdown and the rising commodity prices also had an impact on some of our commercial and retail customers. The ratio of non-performing assets to loans plus other real estate owned was 88 basis points at September 30, well below the ratios posted by our peer banks to-date. Restructured loans that continue to accrue interest rose by 14.7% this quarter as the company continued to work with customers who are current or will become current on their payments to renegotiate loan terms enabling them to keep their homes and retain the value of the relationship for our shareholders. As a result of the upward trends in both net charge-offs and non-performing assets in addition to the ongoing concerns about the economy, the company increased its allowance for loan losses in the third quarter by recording an incremental provision for credit losses of $250 million. With this addition to the allowance for credit losses, the companys reserves were adequate at September 30th with the ratio of allowance to period end loans at 1.71% compared with 1.60% at June 30th, and the ratio of allowance to non-performing loans of 222%. We expect both net charge-offs and non-performing loans to trend higher in the fourth quarter, although we believe the growth rate will moderate slightly from what weve experienced between the second and third quarters of this year.  Going forward we will also continue to assess the adequacy of our reserve for loan losses and provide room for credit losses to reflect portfolio and economic conditions. We entered this credit cycle with a strong balance sheet and we will continue to protect that position going forward. Finally and importantly, our capital position remains strong. Our tier 1 and total capital ratios were 8.5% and 12.3% respectively at September 30th, both at or above target levels. I will now turn the call over to Andy who will make a few more comments about the quarter.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks, Richard. I would like to begin with a quick summary of the significant items that have impacted the comparison of our third quarter results to prior periods. At an investor conference in September, we disclosed a number of significant items that were expected to impact our companys third quarter results, and the impact was as predicted.  Included in our September presentation were the following: 1. We expected an impairment charge on our SIV exposure of $150 million to $250 million. The actual impairment was $250 million. 2. We expected an impairment charge on our exposure to GSE preferred perpetual stock of $97 million. The actual impairment was $97 million. 3. We expected an additional reserve build similar to those made in prior quarters of 2008. The actual reserve build was $250 million which resulted in a total provision to net charge-off ratio of 150%, essentially the same percentage as the prior two quarters reserve build.  These items totaling $562 million were consistent with the numbers we disclosed in September and reduced earnings per diluted common share by approximately $0.22. Subsequent to that presentation, market conditions and specific events led to several additional valuation losses in the third quarter.  They included: 1. $42 million of securities losses representing impairment on non-agency mortgage-backed securities held in the available-for-sale portfolio.  2. Security losses on: the preferred stock of Washington Mutual, $25 million; Lehman Brothers, $20 million; and other smaller failed institutions, $12 million.  3. Finally, we recorded market valuation losses on the other income line that were triggered by the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy filing and other market-related events. These two items reduced other income by $39 million.  These post-conference events led to charges of $138 million and together reduced earnings per diluted common share by approximately $0.06. In summary, all of the significant items detailed here reduced earnings per common diluted share by approximately $0.28 in the third quarter of 2008.  For comparison purposes, during the second quarter of 2008 the company recorded $63 million of securities losses, primarily as a result of impairment charges on its structured investment securities. In addition, second quarter results included an incremental provision expense of $200 million. Together these significant items reduced second quarter earnings per diluted common share by approximately $0.11. Finally as you may recall, the third quarter of 2007 included one significant item which was a $115 million charge related to the Visa litigation settlement. Now, just few comments about our operating earnings. Net interest income in the third quarter was higher on a year over year and linked-quarter basis due to both strong earning asset growth and an expanding net interest margin. The improvement in margin on both a year over year and linked-quarter basis was the result of growth in higher spread assets and the benefit of being liability sensitive in a declining rate environment. We were also able to maintain very favorable short-term funding rates as market volatility continued throughout the quarter. Going forward, assuming the current rate environment and yield curve, we expect to maintain a fairly stable net interest margin. This assumption is based on expectations of steady to slightly improving credit spreads, continued growth of higher spread products and a normalization of funding and liquidity in the overnight markets. As Richard mentioned, the growth in non-interest income was affected in the third quarter by losses on auto lease residuals. Specifically, $85 million of the decrease in other income year over year and $47 million of the decrease linked quarter was related to auto lease residuals. We continue to carefully manage the residual risk on this portfolio.  Given the current market for used cars we expect adverse market pressure on auto lease residuals to continue, but they will be manageable for our company. In fact, given the origination dates of the remaining leases, 2008 is expected to be the peak year for residual losses as the number of cars coming off of lease declines in 2009 and beyond. I will now turn the call back to Richard.
Richard Davis: Thanks, Andy. In conclusion, despite the ongoing challenges and condition of the financial markets, our fundamental business performance remained strong. Were not immune to the current environment but the advantageous mix of our business lines, the quality of our balance sheet and the strength of our capital have and will allow us to navigate through this economic cycle and emerge with our business model intact and the company well-positioned for the future. The most important message we want to deliver today is that this management team and all of our 54,000 exceptional employees remain engaged and focused. Focused on capitalizing on this window of opportunity to grow our businesses by keeping our customer relationships and acquiring new customers. Focused on serving our communities through business partnerships and employee volunteerism, and focused on creating value for our shareholders by maintaining our prudent approach to risk while sustaining and enhancing U.S. Banks position of strength. That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Bill Parker and I would now be happy to answer questions from the audience.   
Operator:  Your first question comes from Matt OConnor - UBS.
Matt OConnor - UBS:  In the past you said you are not too interested in buying large franchises that are under pressure. Im wondering how programs being implemented by the government would impact that, specifically the ability to offload some of the assets and obviously the potential for the capital infusion. How does that change your thinking with potentially consolidation that could occur?
Richard Davis:  It makes it a little easier to do those things, but first and foremost whether the capital is less expensive or the opportunity of the [inaudible] is present we are going to continue to look at deals on an accretive basis where they make sense and where they would fit into this companys long-term structure.  It would definitely make it more attractive and so some of our positioning and our targets look more attractive and our valuation is easier now, but to the extent that it has to hit all of the normal bellwether marks and the expectations we have for the near term and long term, it still has to be a good deal.  So it doesnt really change our philosophy but it does make it easier to find our way to partnerships that might be more accretive sooner.
Matt OConnor - UBS:  Separately, has the pick up in deposit growth continued into October? In which markets in particular are you seeing the largest accelerated growth?
Richard Davis:  It has actually accelerated into October. I dont think theres been a day in October we havent seen a net inflow at an exceptional level. It happens in most of the places where you have seen some of the more headline-stressed companies so its intuitive. Where we have branches in and around locations where the banks have been partnered with others, we have found our way through higher deposit growth. So primarily on the west coast and in Ohio and in some of the core markets that some of the smaller community banks might have also some stress. But its intuitive, its exactly where you think it would be. October is reflective of more consumer and small business, lots of numbers of accounts moving over. Through September and even last quarter it was primarily large municipal and large corporate accounts moving money in so now were seeing the whole effect of the flight to quality.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mike Mayo - Deutsche Bank.
Mike Mayo - Deutsche Bank:  Following up on the deal question, why wouldnt you go out and buy another bank thats less efficient, especially if you had a government guarantee? Also, are there certain parts of the country that you are interested in, either near or long term?
Richard Davis:  Did you say why wouldnt we?
Mike Mayo - Deutsche Bank:  Yes, why wouldnt you? I mean it makes sense what you have done and now the price has come down and maybe even some government assistance. Everyone asks, what about U.S. Bancorp? Everyone else has shown some kind of move, whether it is JP Morgan or Bank of America or Wells Fargo.
Richard Davis:  I hear you. Now first of all, you know me and I am not motivated by what everybody else is doing. It only works if it works for us. The prices actually dont come down. I mean the fact of the matter is that there is more money in the market. I suspect that the target prices might actually go up. So for us its just going to have to be a deal, like I said, that fits all of our criteria which is immediate accretion and long-term value. I do think that there is more of that out there. I am telegraphing that we are more active and more interested than we might have been before, but it doesnt change any of the parameters and it doesnt change our appetite for taking risk. Its got to be the right deal and its got to make sense. So sure, we are looking at it more.
Mike Mayo - Deutsche Bank:  As far as your use of the new Treasury program, whether its for capital or disposing some problem assets, any interest?
Richard Davis:  You and I could get together and wed both come up with the same conclusion: its too new to rate. We have to decide if we participate in the topics that you and Matt were talking about then yes, well achieve a use of that capital which is quite attractive on those terms and well evaluate what that means for acquisitions. In terms of selling into the [tarp] or participating in that regard, we dont have any particular reason to need that. For us that would just be a celebration of getting the markets moving again and opening up the flow of the commercial paper markets and other good things. We celebrate it, but we probably wouldnt use that part of it.
Mike Mayo - Deutsche Bank:  In terms of your outlook for problem assets you said the growth rate should moderate slightly but thats off a higher base. Should we think about a similar dollar increase linked quarter? If you can give us how you view the ins and outs?
Richard Davis:  Good point. October 21st is a little early in the quarter. Unlike last month, weve been actually dead on accurate when we make these predictions but I will say that both on a percentage basis we expect it to come down and I would say on a dollar basis perhaps down, but not quite as much because of what you just said, the base. I would also say that we are seeing a better firming up of net charge-offs as our portfolio ages in this economic environment and a little less certainty in the non-performing loans because you can have one or two or three large deals come out of nowhere virtually, and you can be a bit surprised. So accounting for that surprise and in both cases quarter over quarter theyll come up at lower levels. I think that will be both in percentages and dollars, but not a lot.  Were still in the middle of this stress. I think for us were coming into this as I said last time, were coming in later and lower and I expect well come out of it faster and more assuredly. Our non-performing assets to loans at 88 basis points is probably the point on this whole day that Im most proud of. To be under 1% on non-performing assets, that just shows you how late we were to this party and how low were going to be into this cycle, I believe, because thats probably the best measure of the core operating prudence of making loans a couple years ago.
Mike Mayo - Deutsche Bank:  To what degree is this a rolling recession by asset class? Theres no question youve done better but to what degree are we just going to see the problems later in areas less connected to residential real estate?
Richard Davis:  I have a sense that the housing-related issues were the first phase and thats what went from pure mortgage to home equity and into housing developers, and maybe some into commercial real estate. Im going to put that in one category. Then the economic recession I believe were in is just the normal course of moving into the more consumer and small business portfolios.  I see it rolling but the source wasnt the same thing. It wasnt just all housing that created the consumer slowdown. Its the two things together. In terms of rolling, rolling suggests that you eventually get out of one of the problems and move to the next. I think everything is under some level of stress but it can either be housing-related and its the later innings or it can be in the early innings of the economic slowdown which is affecting the core portfolio.  But I wouldnt be one of the CEOs to tell you that I see housing affecting everything or where I see an unexpected outcome that we wouldnt have all predicted as we learn more each month on how the consumers are behaving.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ed Najarian - Merrill Lynch.
Ed Najarian - Merrill Lynch:  Mike asked the bulk of my questions, but I just had one more. Could you provide some context on how the current environment is, or how you expect it to impact some of your fee income items looking forward? Some of the ones that might be more market or economically sensitive? Youve mentioned trust and investment management fees, things like merchant processing fees, things that look like they are getting a bit negatively impacted either by the market or the current economic environment.
Richard Davis:  Those are good questions and I was hoping we could get into that. Andy, why dont you walk through?
Andrew Cecere:  Id say three areas, Ed. The first is the trust and investment management, as you already mentioned. The way we get paid on that is on market, on level of assets. As the market goes down we do not get paid as much so there is sensitivity there. You saw that, that was flattish. It was down second quarter versus third quarter also because of cyclicality related to tax fees. The second area would be our merchant processing line. What we saw in this third quarter were same-store sales down about 3% versus the normalized level of up 2% or 3%. So while we grew, we grew at a lower level and that may continue in the future. The third area is one we talked about which is our end of term lease losses. We do expect that the third quarter was the peak for that but well see continued pressure before it turns around in the fourth quarter and into 2009.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Vivek Juneja - JP Morgan.
Vivek Juneja - JP Morgan:  Your construction NPLs jumped up quite a bit. Can you give any color on where you are seeing that?
Bill Parker:  Thats primarily our California homebuilding portfolio.
Vivek Juneja - JP Morgan:  Whats the size of that?
Bill Parker:  Thats $1.1 billion in residential construction in California. Thats where we saw the bulk of our losses in that same category this quarter. We think that this was an unusual quarter and we did a lot of re-margining on a lot of the assets. We think that should taper off in the future quarters.
Vivek Juneja - JP Morgan:  The net charge-offs on that are still to come, though?
Bill Parker:  We took a lot this quarter and there will be more, but we think we are ahead of it now.
Vivek Juneja - JP Morgan:  Bill, while I have you, the consumer finance mortgages, talk about the net charge-offs on those moving up. There was a faster increase in both 30 to 89 as well as 90-day past due. Can you comment on that?
Bill Parker:  Are you talking first mortgages?
Vivek Juneja - JP Morgan:  Yes, which is about a $6.9 billion portfolio.
Bill Parker:  There is clearly, those were in general higher loan to value mortgages. Thats why they were in the finance company and yes, we do see continued increase in both delinquencies and foreclosures in this portfolio.
Vivek Juneja - JP Morgan:  Andy, since you commented on other income more in terms of change linked quarter and year on year, what was the dollar amount of lease losses?
Andrew Cecere:  $84 million.
Vivek Juneja - JP Morgan:  Richard, from your commentary, it seems like you are going to participate in [tarp]?
Richard Davis:  No, I didnt say that. I am evaluating it, thats for sure. We dont need the second piece of it. If you consider two pieces one is having the capital and the other one is using the vehicles to dispose of assets. I dont expect us to use the latter. The former, we are evaluating both the landscape of opportunity and whether or not the pluses and minuses of accepting the money is right for our shareholders.
Vivek Juneja - JP Morgan:  When do you think you will get your decision on that?
Richard Davis:  November 14. Thats the deadline, so well use all that time.
Vivek Juneja - JP Morgan:  The 30 day deadline.
Richard Davis:  Yes.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Nancy Bush - NAB Research.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research:  You had mentioned in your commentary the impact of economic stress on some other commercial sectors. Im assuming that you mean other, outside of residential construction, etc. Could you just tell how things are rolling through the other commercial loans?
Andrew Cecere:  The rolling through is intuitively what you think; in our middle market book we have lumber yards, forest products, home building suppliers, all of those have been weakened by the downturn in new home construction. There is a little bit in some of the newer retail spaces that were put out where the new rooftops were going up that have seen a little bit of stress as well.  But again, we do all that with our existing relationship client base so we always have significant support behind those. Those are some of the areas where weve seen spillover outside of the direct residential mortgage.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research:  Is what youre seeing right now going on in the economy which looks like a deepening recession, has that changed your future lending plans at all, particularly related to retail? Is that a sector that youre overly concerned about at this point?
Andrew Cecere:  The piece that changed was really the decline in home values and we reacted to that several quarters ago. The mere fact that there is an economic slowdown hasnt really materially changed how we do our underwriting.
Richard Davis:  Were actually very bullish on that topic. We havent not loaned to anybody thats qualified in the last six quarters. I will agree that our qualifications have been adjusted as the worlds gotten tougher, as weve learned from some of the areas that were higher risk. But if I had to put it into the scheme of things, weve probably tightened our underwriting by 10%.  We are making loans to everybody who qualifies and Ive got to say, even on a large syndicated basis I havent come across customers that have been unable to find enough large banks to take care of their needs. So while I know the vocal minority is out there with the stress in the marketplace and people cant find loans, I think it might be a bit overrated to the extent that theres a lot of money and a lot of banks like ours to make loans to small businesses and to consumers and to middle market companies that are performing well and they were prepared for this downturn and theyve managed their businesses or their personal circumstances quite well.  So were actually quite steady state and I know that sounds a little contrarian but its really quite true.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research:  Also on the credit card charge-offs, youre substantially below the industry average right now, probably by about 100 bips. Can you continue to maintain that differential, do you think?
Richard Davis:  Definitely. I mean its really a classical brand portfolio. We have a lot of co-brand in there where those customers are more like the old American Express kind of customers. They dont revolve and theyre high quality. I would expect that spread, Im even going to put a guess out there that that spread will increase because well see some continued stress. Were at 485, well probably move into the fives next year but I have heard others say theyll get into sixes and sevens and we dont see any trajectory for that at this stage.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Eric Wasserstrom - Galleon.
Eric Wasserstrom - Galleon:  Just to follow up on Nancys first line of questioning, it seems like most of your commercial losses are in areas related to the homebuilding industry. Are you seeing any weakness in C&I performance just based on broader economic metrics?
Bill Parker:  Again, most of the weakness or where its really showing up is anything thats feeding into or touching homebuilding or homebuilding construction or people remodeling homes. All those types of suppliers have weakened significantly over the last 12 months. The rest of the economy or the rest of the C&I portfolio is just your basic middle market book and maybe a little bit of additional stress, but nothing material.
Richard Davis:  Eric there is nothing remarkable there and if you remember these are probably customers that were originated anywhere from two to four years ago. We were originating at least half if not less than half of the run rate of our peer group and at the time were not trying to say we were smarter, we just simply didnt see a yield curve and we didnt think we were getting paid for the risk so we simply didnt do those kind of loans for customers that didnt have a high repayment likelihood. So, its not surprising that we should have a significantly lower effect in the C&I portfolio.  Now, if the recession continues for a very long and painful duration, then they will be affected just like consumers but for now theyre just moving along as we expected them to.
Eric Wasserstrom - Galleon:  What is your baseline economic assumption currently?
Andrew Cecere:  We still continue to expect a decline in home prices probably in the neighborhood of 5% to 10% from todays levels and limited growth into 2009 overall. We projected or we plan around a yield curve thats essentially the same and no significant change to rates.
Eric Wasserstrom - Galleon:  How about an unemployment expectation?
Andrew Cecere:  Moderately up from todays levels.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Chris Mutascio - Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Mutascio - Stifel Nicolaus:  Most of my questions have been answered. Andy, if you mentioned this in your prepared remarks, I apologize. Can you give me the view on your tax rate going forward on an effected basis?
Andrew Cecere:  Tax rate this quarter was lower because of some of the one-time items, Chris. I would expect on a normalized go-forward basis wed be right around the 30%, 30.5%.
Operator:  There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call over to Richard Davis for any closing remarks.
Richard Davis: Thank you, Regina. Thanks everybody for joining us this early morning. We knew that there were a lot of other calls so hopefully we accelerated our conversation. Were available to you for the rest of the day. Judy Murphy is especially standing by to answer any questions you have.  I hope you appreciate that we are well in control of this companys destiny. Were very careful and watchful over this environment but we also have in mind the shareholder focus that weve always placed first and foremost. You can have our confidence that thats what we work with everyday. Thanks very much.
Operator:  Thank you for your participation in U.S. Bancorps third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-15 20:00:00) =====
Executives: Judith T. Murphy  Director of Investor Relations Richard K. Davis - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Andrew Cecere - Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer P.W. (Bill) Parker - Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer
Analysts: Todd Hagerman - Credit Suisse Matthew O'Connor - UBS Nancy Bush - MAB Research, LLC Ed Najarian  Merrill Lynch Vivek Juneja - JP Morgan Cory Gilchrist - Marsico Capital Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets John Mattesich - Groesbeck Investment Management  [Ceshu Morrow - Stargen] Greg Guenther - Garden State Securities 
Operator:  Welcome to U.S. Bancorp second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Following a review of the results by Richard Davis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Andrew Cecere, U.S. Bancorp Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the conference call over to Judy Murphy, Director of Investor Relations for U. S. Bancorp.
Judy Murphy:  Richard Davis and Andy Cecere and Bill Parker are here with me to review U.S. Bancorps second quarter 2008 results and to answer your questions. If you have not received a copy of our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedule, they are available on our web site at usbanc.com. I would like to remind you that any forward making statements made during todays call are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are detailed in our press release and in our Form 10-K report on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call the call over to Richard. 
Richard Davis:  Andy and I would like to start the call today with a short review of our second quarter results. After we have completed our formal remarks, we will open the line to questions from the audience.  Our company reported net income of $950 million for the second quarter of 2008. Reported earnings per diluted common share are $0.53 or $0.12 lower than the diluted common share in he same period of 2007 and $0.09 lower than the same period in prior quarter.  While the company had very positive operating growth in operating income reported decline in earnings from a year ago and the prior quarter was, simply put, the result of an increase in credit costs and the impact of a few significant items recognized in the first quarter of 2008.  In our view, this quarters results reflected our companys core strengths and building momentum. The results demonstrated to us, and we hope to all of you, that a diversified business mix, our approach to risk management, our strong balance sheet and our strong capital positions have prepared this company for the challenges of the current economic environment. Further, we are very satisfied that our current investments and the revenue goals for the company are on track and now beginning to show results.  Let me review a few highlights. The second quarter results included two significant items which combined reduced earnings per diluted common share by $0.11. They included a $66 million impairment of certain structured investment security and a $200 million incremental provision for credit losses.  We achieved a return on average assets of 1.58% and a return on average common equity of 17.9% in the second quarter. Both returns, although lower than prior quarters, remain well above the median returns for our peer groups.  Our second quarters net interest margin of 3.61% was higher than the first quarter of 2008 by 6 basis points and 17 basis points higher than the same quarter of last year. The improvement in our margin, in addition to the quarters strong growth and average earning assets, resulted in an increase in net interest income of 15.6% year-over-year and 4.3% un-annualized on a linked quarter basis.  The growth in net interest income was a significant driver in the positive variance in second quarter core revenue growth and operating earnings. This growth takes on more significance, however, when you look at the past. The last full year our company enjoyed an increase in net income was 2003. This directional change provides significant momentum for revenue growth going forward. Our fee-based businesses also continue to show excellent growth year-over-year with payment related categories, mortgage making revenue, commercial products revenue, and treasure management fees posting the strongest results. Trust and investment management fees grew, but at a lower rate, as positive growth in transactions and new customers were partially offset by the impact of adverse equity market conditions.  Consistent with past years, linked quarter non-interest income growth was easily very strong for the majority of our fee categories. Significant items in both the current and prior quarters, however, somewhat masked the linked quarter trends that totaled non-interest income. On an un-annualized basis, payment related fees increased by 9.8%, treasure management increased by 10.5%, deposit service charges by 8.2% and both trust and investment management fees and commercial product revenue grew at 4.5%. All of these categories represent ongoing revenue streams that will continue to benefit us in the future as we are challenged by a stressed economy and the credit issues that have ensued.  The growth in total revenue net interest income plus fees was 7.5% year-over-year. Maybe more importantly, revenue growth, excluding the net impact of asset valuation losses was more than 9% year-over-year. This is significantly higher than our company has experienced in the past number of years, again providing a solid and growing revenue base to off set some of the increasing costs associated with the current economic cycle.  Non-interest expense in the current quarter was $165 million higher than the second quarter of last year and $39 million higher than the previous quarter. A large portion of the increase in expense year-over-year can be attributed to continued investments in both our fee based businesses and the Banking franchise. In addition, the other expense category has grown as a result of the higher credit related costs for other real estate owned and loan collection activity in addition to fraud losses in investment and tax advantage projects.  On a linked quarter basis certain categories such as legal and professional were seasonally higher and business expansion and the timing of merit increases were responsible for a higher compensation cost. Credit related costs for other real estate and loan workout also contributed to the link quarter increase. Our efficiency ratio, as reported for the second quarter of 2008 was 47.5%, comparable to the 47.3% efficiency ratio in the second quarter of 2007. A more favorable 43.5% efficiency ratio recorded in the first quarter of 2008 affected several significant items, the largest impact of which came from the Visa Inc gain.  We continue to be one of the most efficient financial institutions in the industry. We have always operated with a disciplined approach to expense control and our ability to maintain our efficiency is particularly important in this environment. As a low cost provider we can and we will remain a very competitive player in the markets that we serve.  Turning to the balance sheet, total average loans grew by 12% year-over-year, followed by solid growth in all the major categories. On a linked quarter basis, total average loans increased by $7.8 billion or 5% on an un-annualized basis. A portion of the increase both year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter was due to the reclassification of a number of federally insured student loans from loans held for sale to the portfolio as well as the purchase of a student loan portfolio. In addition, growth, specifically in commercial real estate, was impacted by the acquisition of Mellon 1st Business Banc. On average, these items added $3.3 billion to average loan outstanding for the second quarter. Extracting these items, our core average loan growth was 9.7% year-over-year and 2.9% un-annualized on a linked quarter basis.  We continue to find that our company is benefiting from uncertainty and the volatility in the financial market. As customers seek stability in their financial service provider as well as they find the other providers are pulling back from the market. Our Banc is a benefactor of the flight to quality aspect of this challenging economic environment. We have a strong capital structure and we are in the position to lend and to provide our customers with a high quality Banking product and services.  That said, be assured that we will continue to concentrate on originating only high quality credit. We can and we will compete for the best customers nationwide.  We also saw a very favorable deposit trend this quarter. Average total deposits increased by 14.1% over the same quarter of last year and 3.8% un-annualized over the prior quarter. This deposit growth was in part driven by higher broker dealer, government, and institutional trust balances, the acquisition of Mellon 1st Business Banc as well as the companys ability to attract low-cost, full sale lending in this volatile market.  In addition, the growth in deposits reflected our continued focus on our revenue initiatives, particularly in the corporate Banking business line. Extracting Mellon 1st Business Banc, average deposit growth was 13.5% year-over-year and 3.2% on a linked quarter basis.  Finally and moving on to credit, as expected, credit costs were higher again this quarter. Net charge offs were 98 basis points of average loans for the second quarter of 2008 above the 76 basis points of average loans in the first quarter of 2008. The increase in net charge offs was the result of continued stress in the residential home and mortgage related industries, declining home prices in most geographic regions and the impact of the worsening economy on our commercial and consumer customers.  Within the consumer loan portfolio, credit card loan net charge offs accounted for the majority of the linked quarter and year-over-year increase. The credit card charge off ratio of 4.84% this quarter, although still below the industry average, was higher than our company had seen in the past five years and is indicative of the economic stress facing many consumers.  Note that there is some seasonality in credit card net charge offs; consequently, we expect a rate of increases in credit card net charge offs to moderate somewhat in the third quarter. Given the high quality of this prime portfolio, we still expect that our credit card net charge off ratio will continue to be lower than the industry average.  As we indicated at a recent investor conference, the net charge off ratio on residential real estate related loans, including consumer first and second liens, was expected to increase this quarter to approximately 1% of average loans outstanding. First, residential mortgages were slightly lower than predicted with a net charge off ratio of 91 basis points while the net charge off ratio on home equity and second mortgages reached 1.13% for this quarter. Combined the net charge off ratio on the first and second mortgages this quarter was 1.01%. A majority of the increase in both first and second mortgages can be attributed to loans originated through our consumer finance division as our branch-originated portfolio continues to perform very well.   A worsening economy, falling home prices, and rising gas prices, have more recently, heightened concerns in the industry about auto loans and leases. We offer auto loans through our branch network, in addition to originating loans and leases through dealers across the country in our indirect auto business. Our auto loan portfolio, which totaled $9.5 billion at June 30, is a very high quality portfolio and we have been in this business, uninterrupted, since 1953. The net charge off ratio in the second quarter on that portfolio was 72 basis points, just slightly lower than the 79 basis points we recorded in the first quarter of this year. The portfolio is current and performing well and at June 30, our retail auto lease portfolio totaled $5.4 billion. Again, this is a high quality portfolio; the net charge off ratio was 58 basis points in the second quarter, compared with a net charge off ratio of 49 basis points in the first quarter of this year. As many of you have heard me say in the past, we can generally see credit trends 90 days out, but not much beyond and as we look 90 days ahead, taking into account the higher level of delinquencies in residential real estate and other consumer portfolios, taking into account the decline in home values and other collateral, accounting for the continued stress in the home building and related industry, adding the impact of higher gas and commodity prices on consumers and businesses and finally the general stress in the economy.  As a result we do expect net charge offs to increase in the third quarter at a rate somewhat comparable or lower to the amount that we experienced between the first and second quarters of this year. Given that expectation the net charge off ratio will rise above 1% in the third quarter.  Also, as expected, non-performing assets climbed higher this quarter. At June 30, total non-performing assets were 1 billion, $135 million, or 34.3% higher than at March 31. Although the majority of the increase was driven by residential real estate, home building and related industries, the economic slow down and rising commodity prices has had an impact on some of our commercial customers.  Given these conditions we anticipate that our non-performing assets will continue to rise. As a result of the upward trend in both net charge off and non-performing assets, in addition to the economic concerns already mentioned, our second quarter results included an incremental provision for credit losses of $200 million. With this addition to the allowance for credit losses management believes that the companys allowance was adequate at June 30, with the ratio of allowances to period in loans at 1.60%l. compared to 1.54% at March 31 and the ratio of allowance to non-performing loans of 273%. Going forward we will of course continue to assess the adequacy of our reserves for loan losses and provide for credit losses to reflect portfolio and economic conditions.  I will now turn the call over to Andy who will make a few more comments about the quarter.  
Andrew Cecere: I would like to begin with a quick summary of the significant items that have impacted the comparison of our second quarter results to prior periods. First, during the second quarter and impairment charge of $66 million was recognized on the structured investment securities purchased in the fourth quarter of 2007 from an affiliate and as these assets are now part of our companys investment portfolio, the impairment charge was recorded as a securities loss. The impairment charge was driven this quarter by wider market spreads for these types of securities caused by the continuing decline in housing prices and an increase in foreclosure activity.  During the first quarter of 2008 the company booked $253 million in impairment charge on the same portfolio structured investment securities.  The provision for credit losses reported this quarter was $200 million in excess of net charge offs. The first quarter of 2008 also included an incremental provision for credit losses of a similar amount $192 million. As you probably recall, the first quarter of 2008 also included several additional significant items that impacted the comparison of linked quarter results.  The other income line in the first quarter included a $492 million gain related to the Visa initial public offering and a $62 million reduction in revenue related the adoption of a new accounting standard.   Total expense in the first quarter included a $25 million contribution to the U.S. Bancorp foundation and a $22 million accrual for certain litigation. These significant items reduced our first quarter diluted earnings per common share by $0.02, while the impairment charge and an incremental provision taken in the current quarter reduced diluted earnings per common share by $0.11.  Net interest income in the second quarter was higher on a year-over-year and on a quarter basis due to both strong earning acid growth and an expanding margin. The improvement in margin on both the year-over-year and link quarter basis was the result of growth in higher spread assets and the benefit of being liability sensitive in a declining rate environment. We continue to benefit as well from our companys ability to secure favorable, short-term funding rates in this volatile market. Our margin of 3.61% was slightly higher than we anticipated a few months ago, primarily because of our success in funding the balance sheet at favorable rates.  Going forward, assuming the current rate environment and yield curve, we expect to maintain a fairly stable net interest margin, with a slight bias to the downside, for the third quarter. This assumption is based on steady to slightly improving credit spreads, continuing growth in higher spread products, including credit card and other retail loans and a normalization of funding and liquidity in the over night markets.  With the follow launch of our earlier discussion on the credit quality of our retail auto lease portfolio I wanted to spend a moment on the lease residual values and the impact they have on non-interest income; particularly now that there is a growing concern surrounding the current value of used cars. Although the incidence of loss has been fairly on track and predictable over the past number of quarters, the severity of loss has grown. As you may know, these residual losses result in charges to other non-interest income; in fact, non-interest income decreased year-over-year by $42 million, as net gains in the second quarter of 2007 transitioned to net losses in the second quarter of this year.  We continually and carefully manage the residual risk on this portfolio by maintaining conservative, upfront, residual valuations, originating leases with longer lease terms, and managing concentrations within the portfolio by type, make and model of car, recognizing impairment when necessary and finally, carrying catastrophic residual loss insurance to limit our overall loss exposure. Given the current market for used cars we continue to expect adverse market pressure on all of these residual values, but feel that they will be very manageable for our company.  Our capital position remains strong, our 201, and total capital ratios were 8.5% and 12.5% respectively at June 30, both right on target levels. Although we have capacity and return authorization to buy back additional shares we do not anticipate to repurchase shares between now and the end of the year.  In summary, we are pleased with our second quarter operating results. The company posted solid loan and deposit growth on both a year-over-year and link quarter basis, strong growth in net interest income of 15.6% year-over-year and 4.3% un-annualized over the prior quarter. Excluding significant items discussed total revenue growth of over 9% year-over-year, a manageable increase in credit costs and finally, we ended the quarter as we began with a strong capital base and liquidity position.  Before turning the call back to Richard I want to take a moment to update you on the companys investment and perpetual preferred stock issued by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. The investment is held in the available for sale securities portfolio with a book value of $97 million. At June 30 the value of this investment was $79 million. As we do for all of our investments the company will continue to monitor the performance of the entities to determine if any impairment is necessary at a future date.
Richard Davis:  Before we take questions, Id like to spend a moment talking about a few business line high lights for the quarter.  First the second quarter marks the end of the bidding process for the governments GSA SmartPay 2 program. U.S. Banc through its corporate payments business line is one of four card issuers qualified to contract with the government agencies to provide travel, purchasing, fleet and integrated products as well as other payment management technologies.  The results are in and U.S. Banc increased its share of the GSA transaction volume from 37% under SmartPay 1 to 48% under SmartPay 2. This is great news for our company and adds to the momentum already present while increasing the overall market share for this unique corporate payment business line. Another high light comes from our institutional trust in custody and corporate trust groups. Over the past two months both have been enjoying the benefit of a flight to quality as new customers specifically sign U.S. Bancs superior credit quality and service levels as they leave their current provider and bring their business to us. Finally for the third year in a row U.S. Banc was rated number one in the nation in the 2008 Privacy Trust study for retail Banking conducted by the Ponemon Institute. Customer privacy is a very important priority for our company and we are proud to be recognized with this level of recognition once again. In conclusion, during this call we have described the economic environment in which we are all operating as challenging and stressful. I would add that it is also easy to describe it as unprecedented and even historic.  We are a Banc. Accordingly we are and will be affected by the challenges confronting the financial service industry today. As such, we will continue to carefully manage the risks for the more important message we want to deliver to our investors, our customers, and our employees is that we remain focused on the opportunity to grow our business, to deepen our customer relationship and to acquire new customers.  As you have heard me say before, we are open for business and very mindful of the fact that this environment, although stressful, has presented our company with a window of opportunity to solidify and grow our position in the markets we serve. We are prepared to manage this company through the cycle. Our prudent approach to risk management has not changed, our business model is intact and we are in the position to utilize this companys strong capital generation to invest in growth opportunities as well as in our community and in our employees.  We will rely on our earnings capacity to sustain our dividends and maintain our well-capitalized position, all the while focusing on our responsibility to produce consistent, predictable, and repeatable results for our shareholders. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Todd Hagerman - Credit Suisse.  
Todd Hagerman - Credit Suisse:  Richard, just following those comments and talking about your outlook, particularly describing it as such in terms as challenging and stressful. In terms of the business you talked earlier in the year about the new revenue opportunities and the build out as opposed to rationalizing the business. Given the outlook and the updated credit outlook, how were you thinking about the business now going forward, given the change, particularly as it relates to credit?
Richard Davis: I think one of the parts of that question is if were going to change any of our current plans for the investments in the company, Im not. The current credit environment, while, as I said challenging and stressful and all those other things is certainly diminishing our bottom line impact, if you look above the line, before losses and before loan loss provision adds, the core company is operating at levels as good as it has in the past two years, in fact that better in some cases. Part of that is because weve continued to stay on the offense and stick to the basic business of Banking and not been worried about any of the issues that have been focusing some of our peers, but weve also been investing in these initiatives, many of which weve mentioned over the prior quarters and those are really coming through.  In a normal environment I would spend this whole conference call telling you about power Banc and talking about wealth management and talking about corporate trust and payments and I would get into those details and Im happy to do that at any time, but given that the byline right now is credit quality, liquidity, capital and protection of the dividend, I dont want to lose the sight that this company is still working in the old fashioned scenario where losses are higher, but were operating just like we did a couple years ago on trying to grow the future of the company through these revenue initiatives and 54,000 employees in the company, 52,000 spend every day working on moving forward while maybe 2,000 of us worry about making sure that were protecting where we got up to this point in the cycle. Im actually quite optimistic about the benefits and youll see them come through when the loan loss provision adds stops and when loan losses start to moderate, I think youll see some really quality revenue benefits coming from this company that you havent seen in a generation past.  
Todd Hagerman - Credit Suisse:  I appreciate that. Secondarily, just in terms of the payments business, again were resilient in the quarter and again given your outlook can you give us a little bit better feel in terms of the pricing versus volume in the quarter and again what the outlook would be there? Again, as you talked about rising energy prices and the like it seems like the payments business continues to deliver. How were you thinking about that business in the second half and again how should we think about it in terms of volume business versus the pricing changes that may have come through?
Richard Davis: Im going to tell you that it has a slight negative bias to it, the bottom line because volume is probably going to come down a little bit more in the payment businesses than the margin will go up simply because of the consumer recession that I think were in and I do believe were in one. Having said that, youre going to find average ticket prices are higher.  Our volume will still moderate in some cases where people still need to buy their more necessity based items on their debit cards or their credit cards. The corporate space is primarily government and business related and those businesses are still spending it pretty much unfettered from the current environment.  I think you youll see that we dont have much different second half than we had first half. The thing that I might add though, that Im not sure that understand the impacts is the financial stimulus. I happen to be a believer that the stimulus actually did show itself in this economy, but it didnt show itself at the Bancs as much as it showed itself at the gas pump or at the cash register.  Having said all that, I think that perhaps a more negative view of the stimulus checks is that they were perfectly timed. They came in the last 90 days when people needed them the most to get through their daily living activities and now in a short month theyll be gone. Whether that translates to people need to spend more on their debit or credit card, whether that creates additional stress in consumers ability to repay their debt, I think thats a question mark were going to watch for the next 60 to 90 days because I think theres a slight negative bias toward that outcome as well, because quarter three and quarter four dont have any of those benefits in them that will undoubtedly affect us somehow. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Matt O'Connor - UBS. 
Matthew O'Connor  UBS:  You guys have a decent amount of exposure to the consumer auto loans as well as the auto leases that you addressed earlier. Could you just give us some more color on what are the loss rates right now? Where do you think they go in the second half of the year which, if I recall correctly, tend to be a little seasonal higher and I think you might have some insurance in residuals, if you could remind us of that as well. 
Richard Davis: We do and were prepared for that, because we know thats an area of concern for the market, so Bill why dont you start with the performance and Andy why dont you run with the insurance. 
P.W. (Bill) Parker:  Again, we have about $5.5 billion of leasing portfolio. Weve been in the business for a long time; its an all time portfolio that ended the quarter at about a 58 basis point loss rate. The balance of it is about $9.5 billion of loans that originated both indirect and through our branches; the loss rate on thats about 74 basis points. On the first half of the year if you add those two together at about $15 billion the first half of the year, they had combined $25 million of loss first quarter at $25 million of loss at the second quarter.  As you mentioned, the latter half of the year there will be a seasonal up tick. There also is the issue of severity on some of the SUVs and trucks that are obviously going to be going to auction and those that are a higher loss rate, but right now were in the 70s on this portfolio, all prime portfolio, we dont expect a material deterioration in it. 
Andrew Cecere: On the leasing side of the equation we have about a $5.4 billion lease portfolio and about a $3.4 billion lease residual ports booked. What we are experiencing is a normal rate of incidence, but a higher loss per incidence and that loss is principally focused in the SUV category which represents about 41% of our total book. Not unlike the total US SUV population. We do expect this to continue, but it is certainly manageable within the overall income statement.  We do have catastrophic insurance. The catastrophic insurance has not come into play yet because some of the positives are off setting some of the negatives and its a net insurance number, but if things get very, very bad we will have insurance for that, but to date that has not taken place. 
Richard Davis: When we talk about seeing 90 days out and we see that in term of incidence of loss, whats harder to predict is the amount per loss. As cars come off we have some go to auction or we fin other ways to dispose of them. So, thats why theres a bit of an uncertainty even within the 90 day window, but if you had 25 and $25 million per quarter that combined portfolio, its undoubtedly going to move up, but not material enough to even really, I wouldnt even probably rank it in the worry spot of things that were concerned about, because its a prime portfolio and its performing quite well. The incidence of loss is very predictable. The announced first car coming off lease is already substantially higher than it was in the past and I dont think it has a lot more to go.  
Matthew O'Connor  UBS:  The loss rate that we saw this quarter, my guess is it will be among the lower of a lot of your peers as they come out with results. Do you think the big difference is simply that you are all prime while some had some other stuff in there, or is there another thing that we should be focusing on here in terms of why the qualities will look better?
P.W. (Bill) Parker: I think weve been very prudent in our underwriting. I do think its a higher quality portfolio. In terms of lease side, weve never enhanced residuals, thats not something we do. We have extended lease terms, so I think overall the book is very conservative from an underwriting standpoint. 
Richard Davis: I think thats it.
Matthew O'Connor  UBS:  Your net interest margin ticked up a few bits this quarter and youre expecting it to be stable to down for the rest of the year. Can you just give us a little more color on whats driving that?
Andrew Cecere: You bet. We are liability sensitive. Rates have come down, thats helped us a bit. We expect it to be relatively stable, down just a little bit if anything, but relatively stable. We are benefiting from the flight to quality that Richard talked about. Were able to grow our loans at every good spreads, were able to gather deposits because of the flight to quality and were able to gather wholesale funding at a favorable rate right now, so all t hose things are contributing to our net interest margin at the 360 or so and I think well see that going forward. 
Richard Davis: I agree with that. We are not, rest assured everybody, we are not growing our loans at twice the amount we did a year ago, because were reaching down on the quality spectrum. This is absolutely what flight to quality looks like and we are getting prime customers at higher levels, at better spreads and better margins and were being very selective.  As I said on the last call, our precious capital, the first goes to our very best customers, the next goes to everybody elses very best customers, and theres none left over. So, were really quite advantaged right now and if the flight to quality got stronger continued then that margin continues to be closer to where it is now with much less slight negative bias. We just want to be realistic in case that were to stop. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Nancy Bush - MAB Research, LLC.
Nancy Bush - MAB Research, LLC:  About the trajectory of credit quality deterioration, is it continuing to accelerate, was it accelerating at the end of the quarter and any intrepid prediction or guess about when things start to level out?
Richard Davis: The best way to position it is back in the middle of May, we saw that we would be in the mid-90s in our charge offs and here we came in at 98 basis points which I struggle with, because I really wanted to be exactly at the mid-90s. But, the fact is, is that it didnt change a lot since the last 60 days. Were getting better at learning how to predict these outcomes and read the slopes or the curves, but its definitely continuing to get worse. The world doesnt get better.  The best way for me to portray it to you is non-performing assets and net charge offs, if you look at the slope of the curves that we just experienced between data points quarter two and quarter one the slope going forward from quarter three as in comparison to quarter two will be up, but at a lesser slope. I know it sounds a little odd to say that way, but its not a straight line. Actually its a good thing it started to temper down a bit. Our confidence in our ability to project is getting higher and so on one hand I dont want you guys to run out there and model a 1 and  basis point, 150 basis point net charge offs, because that would be far in excess of anything we see, but I also dont want you to model 1.00 because were going to grow more than 0.02.  So for us, you can model that as you wish, but if you look at the slope in both categories from quarter two to quarter one its going to be a decreasing slope for the next quarter, so were starting to feel a little bit more sanguine about it and thats why were back to intrepid.  
Nancy Bush - MAB Research, LLC:  About the deposit pricing, weve seen one major national player, although I think you dont compete with them so much, who is out there with a 4 % 12-month CD and Im wondering if youre seeing similar things, particularly in your mid western markets, how deposit pricing is shaping up. 
Andrew Cecere:  What we are seeing, Im going to do retail and wholesale separately. On the wholesale side of the equation what we are seeing is a flight to quality. I think given our rating and our strong capital position on our balance sheet we are seeing depositors on the wholesale treasury management side, the treasurers, municipalities and the like growing less and that has certainly contributed to the growth and deposits we see in the second quarter.  On the retail side of the equation we are being a bit more aggressive in certain markets both on the savings accounts, checking accounts and certainly on the CD accounts were starting to experience growth. We are not in certain markets at levels that some of our competitors are at that are well above us, because of reasons they need to be. Were not at that level, but were able to grow at levels that are still profitable to us and make sense, both growth on deposits and core accounts. 
Nancy Bush - MAB Research, LLC:  Do you also have the impact, the downward impact on the net interest margin and that the increase in non-performers had? 
Andrew Cecere:  Yes we do.
Nancy Bush - MAB Research, LLC:  Do you know how much that was?
Andrew Cecere:  I dont. The amount for the second quarter was not a significant amount. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ed Najarian - Merrill Lynch. 
Ed Najarian  Merrill Lynch:  Richard, a question with respect to M&A: in the current environment it looks like there could be a number of things attempting to raise capital by selling non-core businesses, various types of fee businesses, what have you. Importantly, a number of those businesses might require somewhat of a material purchase price, but wouldnt use particularly a lot of capital. What would be your appetite in the current environment to be a buyer of various types of fee businesses?
Richard Davis:  I would say the up sides pretty high actually, because of what you just said. First of all its a buyers market. In this case were going to be very deliberate in our reviews, our due diligence. We will be opportunistic, but theres also a lot of value to keeping your powder dry at a time like this, and protecting our capital.  When you mentioned M&A, I was going to pick up on one of your first comments that one of the reasons were going to be very careful about traditional M&A activity is because it requires us to raise capital in the markets like this, while we would put ourselves in that position, we work so very hard to not be one of the companies that needs to raise capital. So, on a wholesale basis were not going to be very interested in those transactions, but where opportunity presents itself and where a seller has a need to get a fast cash, all cash, or strong deal where they can get a fast decision, we are completely mobilized and ready to take advantage of that and I will seek those opportunities. Todays market share moves at times like this for those who have the benefit and it doesnt show up just in organic growth, it shows up in, sometimes, opportunities to buy pieces and parts and well be available to do that.  
Ed Najarian  Merrill Lynch:  As a follow up on that, could you maybe give us some sense of what of your fee business youre most interested in potentially growing in that fashion, asset management, or what have you and then a little sense of what amount of dry powder you feel like you might have in terms of excess room in some of your capital ratios?
Richard Davis:  The business lines we like the most continue to be payment businesses. We like corporate payments a lot because they have a continued high cost of entry to those who arent in it. Theres a lot of non-Banc and mono lines that are starting to stress and need new forms of capital or just need a new partner; so were finding an attraction in corporate payments.  You may recall that we buy dozens of small Banc credit card portfolios through out the year, here to fore, based on our ability to do the business for them in turnkey business, in any case, and was private label. Now were starting to see more Bancs give us their credit card portfolios, something that they might sell away in order to raise some capital and theres an advantaged opportunity there. Based on our prime only credit card portfolio, we continue to find that to be an attractive space.  Finally, I would always be attracted to any small traditional branch opportunities or small Banc activities where they make sense, but we havent seen a Banc or a branch activity for sale that didnt have a lot of commercial real estate or high paying deposits around it that causes us to just step away and continue to look and walk in the other direction. In that case we are attracted by the same things youre going to see in our last five-year history. As regards to dry powder Ill let Andy be technical, but we did mention and noted that we indicated no stock buy backs for the rest of the year. We had our Board meeting today, in fact and one of the questions was how do you think the market will react to that? In the old days they tried to be negative about that, especially when the price was so unbelievably low. Did I mention unbelievably low? But at the same point, I do think that if we dont say that then you might have a reason to worry that were not going to protect the dividend and U.S. Banc is going to protect the dividend. We understand how important that is. Having said that, the dry powder becomes the difference in being able to protect the dividend, not needing to raise capital and being able to take advantage of some of the smaller deals that come along and lets just say theres plenty of room for all those to take place, but were very careful and prudent not to put ourselves into a corner that we cant back out of. 
P.W. (Bill) Parker: Just following on that, what we see is our biggest, largest benefit is our tremendous internal capital generation. We are able to take on no interest business bank and still achieve our 8.5 ratio here in quarter too. If you think about the future, the fact that were protecting the dividend and done it to stay raising capital, it is because of that internal capital generation and as we look forward that will really be what enables us to continue to do small deals when the opportunity arises.  
Operator: Your next question comes from Vivek Juneja - JP Morgan.  
Vivek Juneja - JP Morgan:  On commercial leases, your losses are rising; can you talk a little bit about whats driving that?
Richard Davis: Yes, we have a large small ticket lease portfolio, the biggest asset class in there is actually copiers, so these are leases that range anywhere from hundreds of dollars to a few thousand dollars; so its heavy in the small business area. There has been some disruption to that where we had exposure into mom and pop mortgage broker industry, but we have worked through that exposure on the small business side.  The balance of the portfolio is performing very well and then theres also the large ticket leasing company that we have thats performing in line the CNI portfolio and its had very low losses right now.  
Vivek Juneja - JP Morgan:  So that $6.4 billion commercial leasing, what percentage would you say is the small business piece?
Richard Davis: About half of it. 
Vivek Juneja - JP Morgan:  Can you talk a little bit about national corporate lending, that was up a lot this link quarter. Any color on what youre adding in that area since there was some .
P.W. (Bill) Parker: Yes, there were seeing very good demand, as people have been unable to access the capital markets. I would say that in the last nine months weve probably added the highest credit quality that weve seen over the last several years into that portfolio. There is that flight to quality. The initiative there is investment grade credits that have good opportunity for building deeper relationships, whether its in a corporate payments area or merchant processing area or a trust area, those are the type of clients that we focus on. 
Richard Davis: Youll recall that probably a year ago on this call we talked about the corporate banking initiative where we opened our New York office and started bringing over a number of talented people from banks across the country and this is part of that. What comes along is the corporate payments and the treasury management activities that I highlighted as two of our strongest growth categories for the quarter.  I think some of our initiatives that werent present even a year ago are starting to bear fruit. Its those kinds of things and is shows up perhaps in loans relative and it also has other benefits that accrue in other places.  
Vivek Juneja - JP Morgan:  You mentioned processing volume growth slowed to only about 6 % year-on-year. Any color on why it slowed that much given that youve been running at double digits for a long time?
P.W. (Bill) Parker: What were seeing on the merchant portfolio is a combination of two things. Were seeing good strong internal customer growth, but same store sales essentially flat on a year-over-year basis, so the same store sales slowing is offsetting the growth in customers. 
Vivek Juneja - JP Morgan:  Okay, so transaction volume.
P.W. (Bill) Parker: Yes.
Vivek Juneja - JP Morgan:  Lastly, reserves for commitments were down quite a bit link quarter given that youre seeing such good loan growth. Any color on whats driving that down?
Andrew Cecere: Part of it is just the, we are seeing higher utilizations out of most of our markets, so thats in part what drove that down.  
Operator:  Your next question comes from Cory Gilchrist - Marsico Capital.
Cory Gilchrist - Marsico Capital:  We were watching aggregated industry servicing data; looking at sub 30-day delinquencies in the residential mortgage portfolios by vintage. Were seeing peaking in those sub 30-day delinquencies. Were also seeing the later vintages the 06s and 07s dropping below the 05 and 04, so a faster than normal seasoning of that book. Any comment on if youre seeing the same things in your residential mortgages?
Richard Davis:  Were not. Our mortgage portfolio is, for the most part, either prime based or its near prime and the origination fees which would put them on the books from 04, 05, 06, and 07 didnt change much. We werent growing a lot, we werent shrinking, and we werent acquiring or adding any volume, so ours is a very predictable, steady routine. I think being mostly near end prime you would find it to be a little bit different than some of those vintages you may look at that ear winds [ph] share type market or in the public space.  For us, consider it very predictable, very traditional, and acting the old-fashioned way, just a little bit at a higher level. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley. 
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley:  I just had a question on the reserve allowance for just the last four months reserves against regular loans. How are you thinking about the historical and probably others [inaudible] puts into that analysis? Has the way youre looking at the historical analysis across the asset classes changed at all?
P.W. (Bill) Parker: No not really, we have not changed our methodology. Whats driving it right now is the outlook on the retail side, specifically on the mortgage side where the declining home values, so weve had to factor that in on our outlook and thats been the major cause for the increase in this last quarter. 
Richard Davis: We build it from the bottom up every time. In other words we dont just take in the duration of the prior week or the prior month, the prior quarter. We look at each loan category, we look at their geography, we look at the loan type and we build it back up so that its a calculated number that we confirm every time we launch it as opposed to a number that we just iterate based on change itself. As you might guess, it s got to be one of the most provocative and competent analytics that we have in the company both for ourselves and for our regulators and its an area that I would say we have definitely perfected in the last, probably, 12 months.  
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley:  How are you thinking about that collateral value of the house? Is it a point in time or do you have a forward look thats embedded in your reserve analysis?
P.W. (Bill) Parker: We have a forward look and right now its showing probably about an additional 5% decline in values between now and the end of the year and thats on top of the roughly 15% that many markets have already experienced. 
Richard Davis: And thats that variance for the mix of markets we have, so the five would be across the average. 
P.W. (Bill) Parker: Yeah and then we also do run sensitivity analysis at higher levels and look at that as well.  
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley:  Do you ever think about hedging the book at all, theres obviously some industries out there now like the RPX that do provide potential for hedging the risk that you have? 
Andrew Cecere:  I think the cost of that and the basis risk on that would be offsetting the benefit of doing it, so we do not plan on doing that.  
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley:  Lastly, on the restructured loans that you high lighted in the asset quality chart. Could you just speak to what the compositions of those are and if its changed at all, the Q on Q, obviously there was a significant up tick quarter. 
P.W. (Bill) Parker: Yes, the composition is roughly, theres about half of it that is residential mortgages and thats the area where, we talked about that at the end of the year where we were offering programs which were continuing to offer, where we take adjustable rate mortgage and either freeze the rate prior to a reset or well cap their rate and in either case those loans remain performing. These are paying customers, but we have to report them as restructured and in some cases we also have to calculate an additional reserve on those which is part of the overall allowance. Then theres another piece quarter-over-quarter, which was we did add about $100 million in restructuring on commercial real estate and there is a case where we have developers that we are continuing to work with. They are current, theyve made all their payments, but weve locked their rate at a rate that the accountants would say was less than the current market rate for a new loan. In a particular case this was a rate that was actually prime. 
Richard Davis: Id like to highlight that. This is another point in time when a companys reputation gets permanently affected. There are a number of customers both in the consumer and the commercial space where a number of banks have just gone in and pulled the plug, pulled out the rug and said I dont have my capital, I dont have an interest, Im not sticking with you.  We do have an advantage of not having to be one of those companies that were either protecting our current customers and believe me the bank with a lot of other banks so they know the difference and were attractive to a lot of other customers that over the cycle will give us their business and stay with us for another generation because you forever remember who stuck with you in the rainy day and who didnt.  So were having the advantage right now of having to walk away from no one, actually extending ourselves to more customers, I think, than our peers are to try to make it work and by the way for you all, as investors, thats a very smart move on our part, because Id rather keep the deal alive and keep people in their homes or in their properties than to have a foreclosure or have a loss. Finally it accrues very strong reputation benefits in the coming years.  
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley:  So how do you see loans curing out of this category? 
P.W. (Bill) Parker:  Well either they continue to pay; a vast majority of them continue to pay. Some of them refinance; weve seen about a 15% refinance rate on our adjustable rate mortgages, so its either one of those two things, they either .
Richard Davis: Or they fail and theyre going to fail anyway, but we did our very best to keep that from happening and our best efforts are proving right now that the failure rate is substantially lower than it would have been without having taken that inert step.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets. 
Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets:  I have a question for you on reserves. In your prepared comments you said that after the incremental $200 million provision you felt your reserve was adequate at June 30. The question is does that include your outlook for higher non-performers and net charge offs? What Im getting at is the $200 million part of the near term provision run rate or do you feel like its adequate based on what you see out the next 90 days?
Richard Davis:  Thats a good question and that now would be our verse of a client, so we feel its very adequate right now as of June 30 and not being able to see much further into the future I have no reason to speculate whether or not its going to be in the run rate. I will tell you that given the environment were in and expecting charge offs to move up; I would expect us to be in lock step with that. In other words, I want to start this cycle as one of the best balance sheets, most fortress protected balance sheets in banking and I intend that we will end this cycle in the same way. That interpretation means that if we continue to see this str5ess in the market place, were going to meet it on the dollar for dollar charge offs and were going to reserve for the future to make sure that we dont corrupt what is otherwise a very, very high quality company based on your reputation as a company thats got a very high strong balance sheet.  I think we are adequate now and thats as far as I should project, because it actually would be imprudent for me to project, but given the rule around here has been were going to start it and end it as one of the most strongly capitalized and reserve banks in the country. You can count on that transaction to repeat itself as the loans continue to stress.  
Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets:  I noticed that the incremental provision runs through the treasury piece of your business. Do they get allocated out to the balance sheet somewhere or are they considered unallocated?
P.W. (Bill) Parker:  In the income statement the business line results are reflective of charge offs and then the excess goes to the treasury group. We allocate a reserve thats actually allocated loan by loan, category by category.
Jon Arfstrom -RBC Capital Markets:  The construction and development loan balances were up about 1% I realize that perhaps the slowest growing of your categories and up about 4% year-over-year and Im curious, why youre growing that business and what opportunities, if any, youre seeing in that business?
P.W. (Bill) Parker: We do have good opportunities, were fundamentally a relationship lender in commercial real estate states, so again there is a number of transactions out there that we will do and look at until retail malls or multi family projects were active in that space. These are with clients that weve been doing business with for years and years.  If you look at our residential construction book that is declining and thats the area that were experiencing stress.
Jon Arfstrom -RBC Capital Markets:  Bill, can you talk a bit about the commercial non-performing increase and what category you saw that in and tell us more about the [interposing].
P.W. (Bill) Parker: On the commercial piece, that was really two areas: one was building suppliers, in other words in this case some lumberyards and the other category was, of all things, Ag related. There are certain feed, the feed costs, with corn at $7.00 a bushel just did not work for a certain number of clients.
Operator:  Your next question comes from John Mattesich - Groesbeck Investment Management.
John Mattesich - Groesbeck Investment Management:  I want to circle back to the dividend again. I appreciate your comments on wanting to protect a dividend. Can I take that to mean that youre committed to extending the companys record of 36 years of annual dividend increases this year?
Richard Davis: Well first off thats a Board decision, they have to make that decision, but based on the current performance of the company and based on the bias of myself, the management committee and the Board, yes that is our intent.  Now I would have told you that U.S. Banc stock could never drop 9% yesterday either and so how that happened I have no idea and why it didnt bounce back I have no idea, but given the fact that the fundamental core operating company is as sound as its been in the last decade, absent the over hang of credit, which I know is a real deal, but its not sustainable at this point. I feel very comfortable that the dividend is something you will see. No bank will protect it harder and hang onto it more than this one.  
John Mattesich - Groesbeck Investment Management: Is there an upper limit that you guys have in mind in terms of the pay out ratio?
Andrew Cecere: We have not decided upper limit. What we really look at is the earnings or the projections, the credit costs, and our capital ratio in addition to the growth on the balance sheet. Those are all factors we take into consideration when we make our recommendation to the Board in December. 
Richard Davis: There is really three components: it is what you retain for yourself, its what you put in stock buy backs and what you put in the dividend. I think with stock buy backs out of the picture for the rest of the year, that was code to tell you guys, in other words we took one variable away and given what I expect we will continue to have plenty of retained earnings and core capital generation, thats why we will continue to build the story around the logic of why we think we can be so assured that the dividend is safe. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Ceshu Morrow  Stargen].
[Ceshu Morrow - Stargen]:  On the restructured loans, you mentioned that some of it comes back. Other banks have told us that theyve seen increased people getting back into trouble, if you could talk about that on the residential side. Then also you guys have a very diverse stock in different markets, I was must wondering if you could give us a heat map of any markets that you are more or less concerned about.
Andrew Cecere: Ill go to the last part first. For us this really began in the Michigan and Ohio region and thats still an extremely stressed area for us. Then you look to California, Nevada, Arizona, very stressed markets, especially as you move out from the major metropolitan areas; also Florida. We dont have a lot of exposure in Florida, but thats obviously an extremely stressed market.  With regard to the residential mortgages, when we do those we focus on customers that are current, so we have other programs for those that arent chronic, but the majority of the programs that we have are focused on those that have successfully made their payments for the past two to three years.  We contact them well in advance of any payment change and offer them where they can keep the payment at the same level and none of these are negative amortizing or anything like that, these are amortizing loans and with that, we have a substantial reduction in types of loans that would go delinquent, so our 90 days on that portfolio is a very small number, its tens of millions of dollars on almost  billion of restructured residential mortgages. 
Operator:  Your last question comes from Greg Guenther - Garden State Securities.
Greg Guenther - Garden State Securities:  Given the fact that your second quarter results had higher than expected non performing assets, which are forecasted to climb higher moving forward, your strong stance on protecting the dividend and reluctance to put yourself in a position to raise capital at this point, you did mention your willingness to invest in growth opportunities.  That being said, could you give me a little better feel for the current mentality of management with regard to the prospects of shopping for a potentially accretive acquisition over the next quarter or two? 
Richard Davis: We are not shopping, but were listening and were open to anybodies overtures where they come to us and say, we have a special deal, if youd like. Especially a non-auction deal, a private deal where somebody wants a quick decision and it looks like a really good deal, well look at all of those. If you look at that and remember we made $950 million this quarter, were making a lot of money. Were retaining a lot of capital and earning a lot of retained earnings so, its that combination of things that allows us to say that were open to look for opportunity, but searching, nope. Were not going out being an aggressor; there is no reason to mess with really what has gotten us to this point, which is good prudent and steady banking.  So, were just going to be opportunistic and Ill bet a lot of the deals that come by might be great, but we still may pass on because they just either are too rich or we simply dont see enough upside. What I dont want to do, the message I want to leave is we dont want to introduce any risks into the company that we would at this point in the cycle. Weve worked very hard to keep it as risk free as possible and introducing someone elses problem is not good for our shareholders and sometimes catch a falling paring knife, they cut either way. Were just not going to put ourselves in that position.  Judy, before we close I want to first of all thank you all for your continued interest in our company. I do want to say that Andy, Bill, and I want to be well regarded by you as being transparent, clear, logical, and I really want you to feel a sense of confidence from us. Were not actors; were bankers, so this is what we are.  I am very, very comfortable with how this company is managing through this difficult environment. I am very, very, confident about our ability to be on the other side of this as a stronger company and Im unabashed about telling you that while all this is going on well continue to invest in the core operating infrastructure of this company and we are moving forward on every single direction that we can to build a stronger company, because this is a cycle, well come out of it; I want to come out of it stronger and I want you to know us as not only the great defensive stock that youve known us for a long time, but a great offensive stock because of what we can do in the future.  Im quite robust about this environment. Im discouraged that we continue to be brought down with a contagion of the industry. I understand it, but Im frustrated by it. I appreciate the fact that were not immune, but we are doing quite well and if you look a the numbers and you look at really whats core and recurring and operating income in results, I dont think in the seven years the U.S. Bancs been together, I dont know of a quarter Ive been more proud of.  Over the course of time that will tell itself in the story, but I want you to know how confident we are and how much we want to be known by you as transparent and clear and open. If there is anything you dont have, or you dont have a good answer for, call me, call Andy, call Bill, or call Judy, because we want to make sure you have all the answers you need. In my mind the better you understand us, the better youll like us and thats important to me. 
Judith Murphy:  Thank you for listening to our review of the second quarter results. If you do have any questions, feel free to call me directly at 612-303-0783. Thank you.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-15 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Judy Murphy - Director of Investor Relations  Richard Davis  Chief Executive Officer Andy Cecere  Chief Financial Officer Bill Parker - Chief Credit Officer
Analysts: Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets Chris Farr - Deutsche Bank Nancy Bush  NAB Research, LLC Matthew OConnor  UBS Edward Najarian  Merrill Lynch Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley  Theodore M. Groesbeck - Groesbeck Investments David Knutson - LGIMA Brock Vandervliet - Galleon Group Gregory G. Guenther - Garden State Kevin St. Pierre - Sanford Bernstein & Co. [Tom Purcell] - Viking Investors Tom Doheny - Decade Capital
Operator:  Welcome to U.S. Bancorp's first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Following a review of the results by Richard Davis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Andy Cecere, U.S. Bancorp's Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions)  This call will be recorded and available for replay beginning today at approximately 11:00 a.m. Eastern Time through Tuesday, April 22 at 12:00 midnight Eastern Time. I will now turn the conference over to Judy Murphy, Director of Investor Relations for U.S. Bancorp.
Judy Murphy:  Thank you, [Christie], and good morning to everyone on the call today.  Richard Davis, Andy Cecere, and Bill Parker are here with me to review U.S. Bancorp's first quarter 2008 results and answer your questions. If you have not received a copy of our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules, they are available on our website at USBank.com.   I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risks and uncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are detailed in our press release and in our Form 10K report on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard Davis:  Thank you, Judy. Good morning, and thank you for joining us this morning. I'd like to begin today's call with an overview of our first quarter results and then turn the call to Andy, who will provide you with additional comments about our earnings. After we've completed our formal remarks, we will open up the line to questions from our audience. The company's first quarter results reflected the disciplined approach we've taken over the past number of years toward managing credit and operating risk while prudently investing for growth. Our company recorded net income of $1.09 billion for the first quarter of 2008. Reported earnings per diluted common share are $0.62, or $0.01 lower than the earnings per share in the same period of 2007 but $0.09 higher than the prior quarter. The first quarter results included several significant items that combined reduce earnings per common diluted share by $0.02. Briefly, they included a $492 million gain related to the Visa IPO, a $253 million impairment of certain structured investment securities, a $62 million reduction in trading account income related to the adoption of the new accounting standard, a $192 million incremental provision for credit losses, a $25 million contribution to the U.S. Bancorp Foundation, and a $22 million accrual for litigation matters. Andy will provide more detail on these items in a few minutes. We achieved a return on average assets of 1.85% and a return on average common equity of 21.3% for the first quarter. Excluding the net unfavorable impact of the significant items I briefly mentioned, our return on average assets and our return on average common equity would have been 1.92% and 22.1% respectively.  Our first quarter net interest margin of 3.55% was higher than the 3.51% net interest margin we recorded in both the first and fourth quarters of 2007. This 4 basis point improvement in our margin, in addition to the strong growth in average earning assets, resulted in an increase in net interest income of 9.8% year-over-year and 3.8% unannualized on a linked-quarter basis.  As we have said in the past, a stable margin is one of the key components to our long-term revenue growth assumptions. At 3.55%, the margin is slightly higher than we'd anticipated at the start of the year, primarily due to the decline in the fed funds rate, growing and higher spread earning assets, and our ability to capitalize on lower short-term funding costs. Our fee-based businesses continue to show excellent growth year-over-year, with payments-related categories, Treasury management fees, commercial products revenue and mortgage banking all increasing by more than 11%. Trust and investment management fees grew but at a lower rate of 4% as positive growth in transactions and new customers were partially offset by unfavorable changes in the equity market valuations.  Linked-quarter revenue growth for the first quarter of the year is historically the slowest for our company. This year was no exception, as the majority of our fee categories were lower this quarter than last. The Treasury management and mortgage banking revenue lines were exceptions, as both posted strong linked-quarter increases.  Mortgage banking revenue in the first quarter benefited from strong growth in origination and servicing income in addition to favorable changes in accounting, the MSR valuation and economic hedging activity. Bottom line, our mortgage banking division continues to benefit from the current market conditions, enjoying a flight to quality in both the production and servicing aspects of that business. The growth in total revenue - net interest income plus fees - was 14.3% year-over-year. More importantly, revenue growth, excluding the net impact of the Visa gain, asset valuation loss and accounting changes was more than 8% year-over-year. This is significantly higher than our company has experienced in the past few years, demonstrating the powerful impact that a stable margin, coupled with our strong fee-based businesses, can have on overall revenue growth.  Non-interest expense in the current quarter was $224 million higher than the first quarter of last year but $172 million lower than the previous quarter.  A large portion of the increase in expense year-over-year can be attributed to core growth and our continued investment in both fee-based businesses and our banking franchise. In addition, this quarter's contribution to the Foundation, litigation expense, investments in tax-advantaged projects and credit-related costs for other real estate owned and collection activities accounted for most of the remaining variance.  On a linked-quarter basis, total non-interest expense was lower. Although certain expense categories tend to be seasonally lower in the first quarter of each year, the majority of the positive dollar variance from the previous quarter was due to the $215 million Visa litigation charge taken in the fourth quarter, partially offset by the current quarter's two special items - the Foundation contribution and the litigation expense. In addition, compensation and benefits were higher this quarter, reflecting annual merit increases and incentive accruals. Our efficiency ratio as reported for the first quarter of 2008 was 43.5%. Excluding the significant items I detailed earlier, the ratio was more comparable to past quarters, at 47.1%. Importantly, excluding the significant items, we achieved positive operating leverage on a linked-quarter basis.  We are one of the most efficient financial institutions in the industry, and as a company, we will continue with our disciplined approach to expense control while making prudent investments in our products, services, employees and franchise. Turning to the balance sheet, total average loans grew by 7.3% year-over-year, led by solid growth in average total commercial loans of 10%, retail loans of 7.4%, and residential mortgages of 6.5%. On a linked-quarter basis, total average loans increased by $3.8 billion, or 10% on an annualized basis. This increase was led by a $2.1 billion increase in total average commercial loans, representing the extension of credit to both current and to new customers.  We are finding that our company is benefiting from the uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets as customers seek stability in their financial services provider. We have the capital to lend, and we're in the position to provide the high quality banking products and services our customers seek.  That said, be assured that we will continue to concentrate on originating principally high quality credits. We can and will compete on price for the best customers.  We saw very favorable deposit trends this quarter. Average total deposits increased by 8.4% in the first quarter over the same quarter of last year and more than 4% unannualized over the prior quarter. This deposit growth is in part seasonal, driven by higher broker-dealer, government and institutional trust balances and the company's ability to attract low-cost wholesale funding in a somewhat volatile market. In addition, the growth in deposits reflected our continued focus on our revenue initiatives, particularly in the corporate banking business line.  Finally moving on to credit, our first quarter credit results remained manageable. As predicted, net charge-offs and non-performing assets were higher this quarter and somewhat higher than we expected 90 days ago. Net charge-offs were 76 basis points of average loans for the first quarter of 2008, above the 59 basis points and 50 basis points of average loans in the fourth and first quarters of 2007 respectively. The increase over both the prior quarter and the first quarter of 2007 was the result of continued stress in the residential home and mortgage-related industries as well as the growth of our consumer loan portfolio.  Within the consumer loan portfolio, credit card loan net charge-offs accounted for the majority of the linked-quarter and year-over-year increase. The credit card net charge-off ratio of 3.93% this quarter, however, still remains below our expected rate for this loan category. We now anticipate this ratio will climb above its pre-bankruptcy reform rate of 4% plus. Given the high quality of this prime portfolio, we still expect that our net charge-off ratio will be lower than industry standards but higher than we anticipated at the beginning of the year.  Residential real estate-related charge-offs, including consumer first and second liens, also increased at a faster rate last quarter following the recent trend in the industry. We expect the growth in total net charge-offs to continue through the balance of the year due to general economic conditions, continued stress in the homebuilding and related industries, and the upward trends in delinquencies in the consumer and residential real estate-related categories.  The increase in net charge-offs is expected to be manageable and within our through the cycle range of 60 to 80 basis points on average and may approach 100 basis points at the high end during this economic slowdown. This represents a slight revision upward from our prior forecast of 90 days ago. Also as expected, non-performing assets increased during the quarter to $845 million at March 31 from $690 million at December 31, a 22.5% increase. We anticipate that our non-performing assets will continue to increase as a result of the current economic conditions and portfolio trends. The first quarter results included an incremental provision for credit losses of $192 million. With this addition to the reserve for loan losses, the company's coverage ratios remain adequate.  The allowance to period-end loans at March 31 was 1.54% while the allowance to non-performing loans was 358%.  Before I turn the call over to Andy, I'd like to say a few words about our recently announced agreement to purchase Mellon 1st Business Bank in Los Angeles, California. This acquisition will more than double U.S. Banc's deposit market share as well as significantly expand our middle market customer base in the Los Angeles area. Mellon 1st Business Bank is an excellent example of the type of acquisitions we are searching for, acquisitions that fill in and expand our presence in faster-growing markets within our 24state footprint, particularly when the price is right and the risks are manageable. I will now turn the call over to Andy, who will make a few more comments about this quarter. 
Andy Cecere:  Thanks, Richard. I'd like to begin by summarizing the significant items that have impacted the comparison of our first quarter results to prior periods. Other fee income in the first quarter included a $492 million gain related to the Visa initial public offering. The other fee income line was also impacted by the adoption of FAS 157 fair value measurements, which decreased trading revenue by $62 million. Recall that we discussed the impact of the adoption of this standard in our January earnings call.  For comparison purposes, the other fee income line in the first quarter of 2007 included $107 million mark to market on approximately $3 billion of assets purchased from certain FAF Advisor money market funds. During the current quarter, an additional impairment charge of $253 million was recognized on these structured investment securities as they are now part of the company's investment portfolio. The impairment charge was booked as a securities loss. As most of you are aware, spreads widened during the first quarter. As a result, about two-thirds of the write-down on these structured investments was related to changes in market-related credit spreads, while the remaining third was due to potential credit loss and fee payment changes.  Non-interest expense also included two significant items: first, marketing and business development expense included a $25 million contribution to the company's charitable foundation, while other expense was higher due to the $22 million litigation accrual. For comparison purposes, recall that the fourth quarter of 2007 also included a significant expense item, a $215 million Visa litigation charge. Finally, the adoption of FAS 157 resulted in an increase of $19 million in the compensation expense line. This was offset, however, by a similar increase in the mortgage banking revenue line as the standard eliminates the deferral of compensation expense related to the closing of mortgage loans held for sale. As Richard discussed, the provision for credit losses recorded this quarter was $192 million in excess of net charge-offs. The incremental provision was made in recognition of the current economic conditions, stress in the residential real estate industry, and the growth of our consumer loan portfolio.  Earnings per diluted common share for the current quarter without these significant items would have been approximately $0.64. For comparison purposes, fourth quarter 2007 earnings per diluted share without the impairment charge in the structured investment securities and the Visa litigation charge would have been approximately $0.66. As Richard discussed, net interest income in the first quarter was higher on both a year-over-year and linked-quarter basis due to strong earning asset growth and an expanding margin. The margin expansion year-over-year and on a linked-quarter basis can be attributed to growth in higher spread assets and the benefit from being liability sensitive in a declining rate environment. Our company has also benefited from the ability to secure favorable short-term funding rates given the volatility in market conditions. Going forward, given the current rate environment and yield curve, we expect a stable interest margin based on steady to slightly improving credit spreads, continued growth in higher-spread products, including credit cards and other retail loans, and a normalization of funding and liquidity in the overnight markets.  Our capital position remains strong. As you may recall, we indicated in January that we would not buy back stock in the first quarter of 2008 in order to ensure that our tier one capital ratio returned to our target level of 8.5% from the 8.3% we posted at December 31. Our tier one and total capital ratios were 8.6% and 12.6% respectively at March 31, both slightly exceeding our own target levels. As Richard mentioned, we announced an agreement to purchase Mellon 1st Business Bank in March with an anticipated close by the end of the second quarter. Because of this acquisition, we expect to delay the buyback program during the second quarter in order to maintain our tier one capital ratio near target at June 30. Richard covered the highlights of our credit quality statistics for the quarter, but I want to update you on our exposure to subprime lending. Our exposure to subprime residential loans remains minimal, and very little has changed from the end of the fourth quarter of 2007.  As of the end of the quarter, we had $4 billion of residential real estate loans and home equity and second mortgage loans outstanding to customers that could be considered subprime. These two portfolios represented 2.6% of total loans outstanding as of March 31. Given the current credit environment, we have published additional schedules this quarter as part of our earnings release package with more details on the credit performance of this portfolio. In summary, we are pleased with our first quarter results. The company posted a solid loan growth on both a year-over-year and linked-quarter basis, a 9.8% increase in net interest income year-over-year, and a higher net interest margin, excluding significant items, total revenue growth of over 8% year-over-year and positive operating leverage on a linked-quarter basis. We had manageable increases in net charge-offs and non-performing assets, and finally, we ended the quarter as we began - with a strong capital base and liquidity position. I will now turn the call back to Richard.
Richard Davis: Thanks, Andy. Our Board of Directors and management team are here today with me in Portland, Oregon to host our 2008 annual meeting, where I'll be very proud to share our full year 2007 and first quarter 2008 results. As our shareholders leave the meeting today, I want them to recognize that this management team and our 54,000 employees are focused on the future, not on repairing problems from the past. We're focused on business growth initiatives and on our customers, not on downsizing businesses or eliminating positions. In other words, U.S. Bank is open for business.  As we successfully close the books on the first quarter of 2008, I'm confident that our company will continue to perform and prosper despite the challenges we face in the current economic environment. This company will continue to invest in new and existing products and services, in our communities and in our employees, while focusing on our responsibility to produce consistent, predictable and repeatable results for our shareholders.  That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Bill and I would now be happy to answer questions from the audience.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Jon Arfstrom of RBC Capital Markets.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets: Good morning.
Richard Davis: Hi, Jon.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Jon.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets: Richard used the term "incremental provision" in terms of the large increase sequentially, and you guided to some modestly higher losses in the future. And I guess the question is: How much of that is truly incremental, and do you think that the provision will fall back to that $200 million-type quarterly run rate?
Bill Parker :  This is Bill Parker. The incremental provision Richard referred to was, you know, to increase the allowance, so that was the $192 million. The core run rates [inaudible] for the quarter were 293, but we do anticipate those levels of losses to continue to increase during the balance of the year.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. 
Richard Davis: So, Jon, we - you know, this company is going to be adequately protected over the long course, so you can count on the fact that - I said this last time, and I'll say it again - we can see pretty clearly 30 days out, we can see marginally 90 days out, and after that we really can't see what's going to happen in credit any further than that because there's just too much volatility and there's a lot of seasonality as well. So we felt very good about being able to add that $192 million to bulk up our provision to be as strong, in fact, even stronger than before, and we will watch each quarter to see that we are adequately reserved. And should we need to add to reserves, we will. But at this point in time, we don't see that.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Just two other quick questions.
Richard Davis: Yeah.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets: In light of the Mellon 1st Business Bank acquisition - it's obviously a hot topic - but can you talk about what does and what does not make sense in terms of M&A for your company?
Richard Davis: Sure. In M&A, I'll start by saying we will always take a look at anything that comes in front of us to be opportunistic and to make sure we don't pass on opportunities that might otherwise not at first glance look attractive. But we will do due diligence at a very thorough level, and in many cases find that it doesn't pass our test, which in our minds, it needs to be accretive, it needs to be focused on revenue growth not on expense benefits, and it needs to be relevant to our long-term future growth, where we're trying to build a wonderfully balanced diversification of revenue based on a core in-footprint banking business, a national wholesale business, and an international payments business.  So you'll find us looking at payment companies, trust companies and traditional banks. But I'm not looking for that transformation deal unless it were so advantaged that it would be crazy to pass and we haven't seen anything like that in this period of time, so it's kind of the old-fashioned, small, sensible, accretive and revenue focused. 
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. That's helpful. And then just early thoughts on the Northwest-Delta merger and what kind of impact that might have on your payments business.
Richard Davis: Sure. It's too early to know exactly except to say that we're the merchant acquirer for both of those companies, which is positive. I think that the merger makes sense and is good for the new company, the largest airline, I guess, in the world.  We are the merchant issuer - or, I'm sorry, the card issuer for Northwest through our WorldPerks, and we have a very good relationship with them. We also have a great relationship with the current head of Delta Airlines, who used to be the head of Northwest, and we've been the bank for Northwest, I think, for as many years as people can remember.  So I'm expecting that our relationship and the great partnership we've had with that organization will carry us forward into the next stage, and we're looking forward, frankly, to having more business from the largest bank in the world - or largest airline in the world.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Richard Davis: Yep.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Farr of Deutsche Bank.
Richard Davis: Hi, Chris.
Andy Cecere: Hi, Chris.
Chris Farr - Deutsche Bank:  Good morning. I'm just wondering if you can give me a sense of the economic outlook for the potential 100 basis points increase in charge-offs - like unemployment, GDP growth - and what geographies are you seeing the greatest stress?
Bill Parker : This is Bill Parker again. Clearly, the geographies with the greatest stress are the Southwest, specifically California markets, Arizona, Nevada, and then also Florida. And then for really different reasons, the upper Midwest of Michigan and Ohio, with the [inaudible] industry.  So those areas, I mean, you've seen the softening in employment over the last few months, and if that, you know, if that continues, I mean, that's the kind of thing that will drive our losses towards that peak loss rate that Richard mentioned.
Richard Davis: Yeah, Chris, this is Richard. I'll add to that. I want to make it clear - we're not at a 100 basis point increase nor at that level. But I think last time when we spoke to this group we said that at the high end of the cycle we'd be in the mid-90s and, if nothing else, I want you all to be very comfortable that the three of us will tell you what we think and what we know, and we're thinking that that's probably a little low now. At the high end of the cycle, we could approach 100 basis points. It will be - as we got there, right now, if you'll look at our current situation - it will be just as the 76 basis points today is spread pretty much across all categories - commercial, commercial real estate, residential, credit cards and other retail. We don't see any particular area suffering any more of a consequence to go from 76 to something higher; we simply more of the same. And I think you know that in every one of those categories, we are primarily prime, and to the extent that that has been the outcome that's occurred with this current economic downturn, I think it would be prudent for us to expect that it will get worse across the entire categories.  But we don't see anything necessarily beyond 30 or 90 days to say that it's Armageddon. It just says that it's continuing to get worse, and the stresses appear in all categories.
Chris Farr - Deutsche Bank:  Sure. And then beyond homebuilding and commercial, I mean, what other areas or pockets are you focusing on right now in terms of weakness?
Bill Parker : As Richard said, I mean, it's really across the board. I mean, we're a significant auto lender. We've seen higher delinquencies in our auto portfolio. It's still manageable, but the loss per vehicle when we do have to repossess a car is higher than it was 90 days ago.
Richard Davis: Yeah, Chris, anything related to the homebuilding starts to show stress at this point in time. So, you know, I don't know, let's say it's a small business that manufactures faucets, they're stressed now, or companies that manufacture door bells; they're stressed.  And so most of the domestic providers of mortgage-related business are going to find stress in this cycle, and some of them show up as commercial loans, some of them show up as small business loans. It's actually quite predictable when you think about it. It's just a matter of how long this downturn might take people and how long they can hold on through these difficult times. We are seeing that stress, and we're managing it. 
Chris Farr - Deutsche Bank: Thank you very much.
Richard Davis: Yep.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nancy Bush of NAB Research, LLC.
Richard Davis: Good morning, Nancy.
Nancy Bush  NAB Research, LLC:  Good morning, guys. Richard, we're hearing from others who have capital and are steady in this market that they're seeing, you know, tremendous potential for earning asset growth and taking share, et cetera, et cetera. Could you just comment to this whole phenomenon? I mean, are you seeing clients coming to you? Are you seeing new clients? Are you moving market share? You know, what's going on?
Richard Davis: We are, Nancy, and in fact this might be the time, I think, when there's permanent shifts in market share.  It's, I think, quite logical. It's surprising to me how pervasive it is, but we are seeing customers coming to the company - we call it a flight to quality - customers that are coming with a bigger position, customers who we perhaps had before and now want to come back. It works both ways, too. People want to get their lending relationship with you because they're confident that you're not going to change your level of interest in supporting them. They want to give you their deposit because they want to be comfortable that the company's going to be able to support those deposits, especially above FDIC levels. So it is across the board, it is complete, and it is from every single category. And so what I need to make sure is that this company remains prudent and that we neither get greedy at a time just because we can have more business. If it doesn't fit our model of prime-related and high-end customer, I assure you we're going to pass on it. Just because we could do more doesn't mean we should, and in fact the more good prime stuff that comes to us, frankly, we can price for it now because risk has been added back into the equation and because it's a buyer's market for us as regards to customers. So it's quite positive for us, and I believe it will give us a long-lasting benefit over the course of the next couple quarters.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research, LLC: Is this being seen - I mean, this phenomenon - being seen throughout the franchise or are there regions where you would say that you're claiming greater share than others?
Richard Davis: I'd say it's everywhere, but I would say in terms of line of business it's probably showing up in corporate and middle market banking the most. Consumer not as much; I don't think those customers are as keened in on what's happening. But I will say on the corporate and middle market side, those are customers - CFOs, treasurers, controllers they understand the difference, and they are coming to us at higher levels.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research, LLC: Thank you very much.
Richard Davis: Yeah, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew O'Connor of UBS.
Matthew OConnor  UBS:  Good morning.
Richard Davis: Hi, Matt.
Matthew O'Connor - UBS: I thought it was an interesting comment about the small business that makes the doorbells and the faucets and things like that, the spillover impact, and I'm just wondering, of your $46 billion of C&I, you know, how much would be kind of quasi-tied to housing, if you had to estimate?
Bill Parker : Yeah, we actually track it. We have about $5 billion in commitments. So that $40 billion of C&I really grosses up to, you know, $100 or so billion of commitment. So about $5 billion in commitments is in one way, shape or form suppliers to the homebuilding industry.
Richard Davis: So 5% to 10%, Matt, would be really kind of what we're looking at. And I'd say that it's [inaudible] because you don't - it can keep going and going, and if you work really hard, everything has something to do with a house, if you try too hard. But Bill's right, we've been tracking housing-related now for over a year. As we can see - you know, loans and downturns are pretty much like annuities; you can see them coming. They're like a slow flood. But you can predict. You just can't exactly see where it's going to end. And so in our case, we don't have a material concentration across any of our portfolios, either on geography or product or customer type, but we do have our fair share of related businesses in this area which we're watching closely. 
Matthew O'Connor - UBS: Okay. And any sense on how that 5% to 10% compares for the overall industry?
Andy Cecere: That would be consistent with - if you looked at, you know, industry distributions of the economy, that would be consistent.
Matthew O'Connor - UBS: Okay. And then just, Richard, a question here. You know, we're seeing a lot of banks - some could argue are the weaker players - getting capital without needing to restructure in a meaningful way, and I guess some could argue that it's healthy that they're getting capital or some could argue it's not healthy because they're not taking out capacity. I'm just wondering kind of big picture what your thoughts are on that. And, you know, is it a little frustrating that you're sitting here with capital and a multiple and maybe not having, you know, the unbelievable distress opportunities that we might have thought we would have at this point in the cycle?
Richard Davis: Right. Thanks, Matt. It's a good question. I'm not frustrated by it because I actually understand it, and so the frustration would be if it didn't make sense to me. I'm not surprised how this process is rolling out in that I think nobody wants the industry to be stressed. Capital is a good solution to keep the entire greater good theory alive, and I don't think any bailouts are positive for anyone. And so I think that based on Nancy's question and what we are seeing across the board, we're getting benefited in the long term by this flight to quality and the benefits that accrue to a company's reputation for not having been through this stress. Capital can often be diluted, as you know, as well, so I'm looking forward to a shareholder meeting today where I at least, of other things, don't have to face shareholders who have felt a precipitous drop in their value or wonder if we're going to harm them by diluting their investment or by cutting their dividends. So I think we're getting our share of benefits. It's our job to leverage that benefit and take advantage of it while not making mistakes, and you have my word we will do that. But we can live with that discord, and the fact is that not being distracted is probably the biggest value I can offer you. And I won't be able to prove that to you for probably a year from now, but a year from now when things are maybe settled down, I hopefully will be talking about a very well-oiled revenue company here that made its change in course during this period of time when we weren't focused on retrofitting or downsizing or reconstructing the company. So I'm actually quite positive about it.
Matthew O'Connor - UBS: Okay. Thank you very much.
Richard Davis: Yep. Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Najarian of Merrill Lynch.
Richard Davis: Good morning, Ed.
Edward Najarian  Merrill Lynch:  Good morning, Richard. How are you?
Richard Davis: Good.
Edward Najarian - Merrill Lynch: Good. Could you just go into a little more detail about your capital management outlook? You mentioned, you know, no buybacks related to Mellon 1st Business Bank, I guess, in the second quarter. Could you just remind us of a couple of things, number one, what amount of cash you're paying for that and, number, two, does that mean we should expect some resumption of buybacks in the second half of the year?
Andy Cecere: Ed, this is Andy. Thanks for the question. We did not disclose the financial details of that transaction, but suffice it to say that we will not be in the buyback market in the second quarter due to that. We expect that to close June or so of the second quarter, and that essentially takes the capacity for buybacks in Q2. Given everything we see thus far, we would expect to be back in the buyback market in the second half of the year.
Edward Najarian - Merrill Lynch: So I'm guessing, then, from those comments that you're expecting that that - and maybe you haven't disclosed this - that that's a 100% cash deal in terms of structure?
Andy Cecere: Yes, it is 100% cash.
Edward Najarian - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks.
Andy Cecere: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Richard Davis: Hi, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley :  Hi. A couple questions. One, just finishing up on the capital question, how do you think about the capital levels in an economy that is deteriorating, as you point out? I guess I'm wondering if, you know, as credit deteriorates does that lead you to a need to increase capital to deal with that?
Andy Cecere: Betsy, this is Andy. You know, we've targeted our capital levels at the 8.5% tier one, and we will continue to maintain that target level. Capital is very important in this environment, you're right, but we're 250 basis points above what would be defined as well-capitalized, and we're very comfortable with that position. And that, together with our strong liquidity and our earnings power and our relatively speaking strong credit position all makes us comfortable with our targets at 8.5.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley :  Right. So you would say that today you're in an overcapitalized position expecting a deterioration in the credit outlook?
Andy Cecere: I would say we're at the target levels that we've set for ourselves, and we'll continue to maintain that target.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley : Okay. And then on the margin side, just looking, you know, forward, as you were looking at the forward yield curve and some improvement expected there, at least at the long end of the curve, how can you take advantage of that? And how do you plan to take advantage of the steepness in sort of the 210 portion of the curve?
Andy Cecere: Right. Thank you. You know, we did come up in margin a bit more than we expected. If you recall back in our January earnings call, we thought we would be flattish to what we experienced in the first quarter of '07 in the low 350s and we were at 355.  I think there are three things that are causing that increase. Number one is some of the loan volume that we're getting, as Richard and Bill both mentioned, the flight to quality offers this opportunity with the spread coming back into the equation, and we'll be able to compete very effectively. And we have the capital and we have the funds to lend, so that's helping us. Secondly, there has been a flight to quality on the deposit side of the balance sheet which is offering us opportunities to grow deposits, and our national market funding is also very favorable in this environment.  And then finally, as you know, we're a bit liability sensitive so the fact that rates came down 125 basis points in the first quarter helped us out a bit. We continue to be liability sensitive, albeit at a little lower level, because we're hitting some deposit floors. So to the extent we see a further drop in rates and a steepening of the yield curve, that'll benefit us a bit. But as we talked about in the call, given today's yield curve and today's rate scenario, we expect a relatively stable margin.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley : Okay, there's nothing that you would plan to do on, you know, with swaps and trying to capture some incremental and II from the 210 portion of the curve?
Andy Cecere: You know, what we try to do is manage our interest rate risk within the constraints of our policies, and we'll continue to do that. 
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley : Okay. All right, thanks.
Richard Davis: Betsy, it's Richard. One more thing.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley :  Yeah?
Richard Davis: Capital is king right now. We get that, and we're going to protect it as maybe our most precious asset.  I will also remind you that our ability to generate capital is far and away ahead of our peers based on both the business mix, the quality of our assets and our efficiency. So our ability to generate return on tangible common of 42% a year is also probably the gift that keeps giving. So in our case, we are focused on protecting those capital levels. We also know we can generate it pretty quickly.  And at least at this point in time, I still don't feel so bad and I said this 90 days ago - that the buyback is the first thing to give up right now, because I'm not sure with the volatility of the stock market that a correlation of a buyback is as high as it would be in more normal cases, and the dividend must be protected and is very important to us, having increased it 6.25% back in December, and protecting it going forward. That's my first and foremost concern for the shareholders. So that all kind of comes together in the focus we put on capital protection and generation. 
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley : Okay, thanks.
Richard Davis: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ted Groesbeck of Groesbeck Investments.
Richard Davis: Hi, Ted. Good morning.
Theodore M. Groesbeck - Groesbeck Investments:  Yes, good morning. Thank you. A question for you. In the mortgage business, what percentage of originations were refinances?
Bill Parker :  Our non-purchase money, you mean?
Theodore M. Groesbeck - Groesbeck Investments: No, in the regular mortgage originations, how much was refinancings of mortgages?
Bill Parker : Oh. That's probably about 50%.
Theodore M. Groesbeck - Groesbeck Investments: Fifty percent, okay. And in the charge-offs, were there any commercial loan charge-offs in the quarter?
Bill Parker :  Yes, there were. 
Theodore M. Groesbeck - Groesbeck Investments: Okay. About how much?
Bill Parker : I think it was - let's see.
Andy Cecere: It was 55.
Bill Parker : Fifty-five?
Andy Cecere: Yeah.
Theodore M. Groesbeck - Groesbeck Investments: Fifty-five, okay. And also, a question - if there were no buybacks during the quarter, it looked like the weighted average share count was down?
Andy Cecere: It was about flat.
Theodore M. Groesbeck - Groesbeck Investments: It was about flat. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Knutson of LGIMA.
David Knutson - LGIMA:  Hi. I had a couple of quick questions, one in regards to the, I guess, the latter part of the first quarter. Did you see a change in the payment profile of your clients? Did you see any credit deterioration? Was the weakness backend loaded, I guess?
Richard Davis: Yeah, this is Richard. In fact, I think we've said that March should be the month we'll learn a lot. We did. We saw some additional stress in the ability to repay, both on the credit card side and some of the auto categories, primarily. We hold off on our concerns until we see the stimulus refund and what happens in April and May when the refund checks come in in normal situations.  So before we get too concerned, we'll let March be a slight decrease to prior periods, but we'll wait and maybe call the decision in May or next month when we get a sense for how the stimulus and the money back into the markets come to bear. We've also been very careful to watch our forward-looking delinquencies, and they are fairly predictable. They're not stressing a great deal. Bankruptcy is a little higher, but everything is just incremental. It's a very slow incremental continuation of downturn in the prime businesses, where I think it's reflective of this economic downturn and the duration now. Whether we're in a recession or not, call it what you will, we've been in a slowdown for awhile.  So I think, David, that's really the cost that we're seeing on the consumer side.
David Knutson - LGIMA: One follow-up question to that. The last time that we had a stimulus package similar to the one we're expecting, what area did it benefit? Did it beneficial the consumer credit card business the best, the auto business, or the small owners? Or what was the meaningful - or can you try and quantify it for us? 
Richard Davis: It went two places - actually, we saw it three places. It went into deposits, more like the money markets and checking accounts. It went into credit card paydowns, because it's the most fluid item for people. And it affected, the two together affected a lower NSF-OD fee business because people were bringing themselves current on their checking account side. So we kind of see the effects on both sides. Deposits balloon up, fees go down a bit, and credit card payments are higher and charge-offs are lower. So it's kind of where you'd expect it to go, to more of the daytoday kind of stuff.
David Knutson - LGIMA: There hasn't been any increased speed in the roll rate of delinquencies over the quarter, people moving from 30 days to just simply going no more payments, or has there been?
Bill Parker : Yeah, this is Bill Parker. No, the thing that has occurred in the last, you know, 90, 120 days is really those that do go delinquent go seriously delinquent - 90 plus - have a much more difficult time getting out of that situation. That's the pattern that's changed during this slowdown.
David Knutson - LGIMA: Thank you very much.
Richard Davis: Thanks, David.
Bill Parker : Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brock Vandervliet of Galleon. 
Richard Davis: Hi, Brock.
Brock Vandervliet - Galleon Group:  Hi. Thanks very much for taking the call. I just wanted to get some color on the book of Mellon Business Bank. I remember that bank from years ago, but just kind of - just wanted to freshen up on size and what's under the covers there a little bit.
Richard Davis: Sure.
Andy Cecere: Okay. Brock, this is Andy Cecere speaking. It is principally a deposit-gathering bank, and from a size perspective it is much more deposit versus the loan. We have a book of about $1 billion on the loan front, and about $2.8 billion on the deposit front; very little in securities, and so that'll be incremental to our balance sheet.  We also see a lot of opportunity here to continue to extend the deposit side of the balance sheet and the loan side with the products and services that we're able to offer, particularly on the payments and Treasury management side.
Brock Vandervliet - Galleon Group: And what kind of reserves were they running?
Andy Cecere: Their reserve level is about 10%. 
Brock Vandervliet - Galleon Group: Okay. And what had been their historical credit experience?
Andy Cecere: Pardon me?
Brock Vandervliet - Galleon Group: What had been their historical credit experience?
Bill Parker : It was very strong. We did a thorough due diligence of their loan portfolio, and they're primarily a middle market lender. They're not in the investor real estate business, so it's a pretty solid credit. 
Brock Vandervliet - Galleon Group: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Richard Davis: Thanks, Brock.
Andy Cecere: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Guenther of Garden State.
Gregory G. Guenther - Garden State:  Good morning, Richard.
Richard Davis: Hi, Greg.
Gregory G. Guenther - Garden State: I know you mentioned that due to declining home prices in many of your exposed markets that net charge-offs and nonperforming assets increased in the first quarter?
Richard Davis: Right.
Gregory G. Guenther - Garden State: And going forward, you forecast that these charge-offs will continue to be increasing, but at a manageable clip.
Richard Davis: Right.
Gregory G. Guenther - Garden State: So my question is: What's the watermark we'd really need to see that would concern management as far as net charge-offs going forward?
Richard Davis: Well, you know, when we said 60 to 80 in the range, you know, we're at 76 today, so we're in the range. If this range gets longer or more steep, then I would say once we get to that 100 basis points or the 1% that we operate up here, that would be a point of worry for me. You know, I'll mention that - I said that our charge-offs were higher than we thought they'd be 90 days ago. In order of magnitude, this company made, you know, over $0.60 earnings per share this quarter, and the difference between what would have been an amazingly great quarter and one that disappointed me because it was worse was less than one penny. So this isn't going to take us from, you know, profit to loss, but it's going to just be a lag on the ability to let the pre-provision earnings of this company not be erased by some of the after-provision. And so it's not going to be Armageddon under any scenarios I can see, Greg, under any circumstances. But I do think that once we approach that 100 basis points, then we're at a point of stress that is both probably going to continue for somewhat longer than we would have thought, and it starts to erase some of the great things we're seeing above the line that I was hoping that would shine through earlier. So I think in the next 90 days we will learn a great deal on the trajectory of the rest of the year.
Gregory G. Guenther - Garden State:  Will there be a bit more clarity in the next quarter?
Richard Davis: Right.
Gregory G. Guenther - Garden State: Thank you.
Richard Davis: Right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin St. Pierre of Sanford Bernstein.
Richard Davis: Hi, Kevin.
Kevin St. Pierre - Sanford Bernstein & Co.:  Good morning, gentlemen. Good morning. Just to follow up on that, I just want to get a little more into your - how you're thinking about reserving here. And Richard, you've remained at the high end of the industry in terms of reserve adequacy and that's still the case, but how should we be thinking about reserves now? And when you think about remaining adequately reserved, are you thinking about reserves to annualized charge-offs, reserves to NPAs, or is it that if things worsen, we bump up reserve to loans? How are you thinking about that?
Richard Davis: Kevin, thank you. There's a lot of allowance, you know, coverage ratios, but I look at two, and primarily two of the most important. One is total allowance to total loans, and that's a bit of a misnomer if you don't understand the business mix you have in the portfolio, but in our case that's very important to us and our allowance to total loans is 1.54%, which at least last quarter would have put us in the very top of our peer group, near the top, and I think it will stay there. The next thing I look at and equally important is allowance to total nonperforming loans because, as logic would prevail, those are the loans that are having some form of stress. This particularly quarter we will be at 288%, which is almost three times coverage. I feel very comfortable with that, especially compared to our peer group.  And while will keep our eye on nonperforms, perhaps one of the most instructive things I can offer you all is both based on regulator concerns and needs to be aggressive in downgrading at this point in the cycle, I don't think that necessarily nonperforming loans mean the risk of total loss as they may have meant in some of the more traditional days. They're simply a recognition of a higher stress and potential loss.   So I like to look at both because NPAs might be an overkill, but allowance, either way, in my mind has got to be at the high end of our peer group and well within what we'll call adequate to satisfy the regulators. And in both cases, I think our actions this quarter to add that $192 million as part of the benefit was to bulk that up [strictly] and give us plenty of time to watch the next couple of quarters and see if we have a need to do that again.
Kevin St. Pierre - Sanford Bernstein & Co.: Right. Thank you, that's helpful. And you mentioned in there to satisfy the regulators. Is it your sense that the regulators, the safety and soundness regulators, are a bit more - are paying closer attention to the levels of reserves at your bank and at your competitors?
Richard Davis: Well, I know they're satisfied with our bank. I suppose they're watching closely because that's certainly an area of concern for them. I will say that particularly the regulators have been very aggressive in making sure that stressed credits are recognized quickly, downgrades are recognized quickly, and benefit of the doubt goes to the downside. And that doesn't surprise me. That's probably prudent at a time like this, and the regulators have a lot of concern that banks don't take too long to recognize problems or don't look for a Pollyanna outcome when in fact they'd be better served to be prepared for the worst. So we see it as a little bit of that, but we've seen it every cycle and it's not unusual. 
Kevin St. Pierre - Sanford Bernstein & Co.: Thanks very much.
Richard Davis: Yep.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Jeff Viscone] of Viking Investors.
Richard Davis: Hi, Jeff.
Tom Purcell - Viking Investors:  Hi. This is [Tom Purcell]. Thanks for taking the call. Just a follow-up on Kevin's question earlier. When you guys look at the NPAs, do you exclude the 90plus accruing in restructured? If you do, what's the thought process? Thanks.
Bill Parker : They are excluded from the NPA totals, however there's also a table that includes the 90plus, so you can look at it both ways. So it's however you choose to look at it.
Tom Purcell - Viking Investors: I guess I was wondering from the reserve adequacy standpoint, Richard said you look at reserve to loans and reserve to NPAs. For yourselves, when you're looking at it, do you include those or do you exclude them?
Bill Parker : Well, effectively you include it. But the ratios Richard was citing exclude it. It's just the NPAs without the 90 days. But when you actually do the reserve methodology, since it's mostly the consumer assets that are more than 90 days, it does factor into the allowance methodology and analysis. The nomenclature people use [inaudible] externally reported numbers is often just an allowance that NPLs or NPAs without the 90 days. 
Tom Purcell - Viking Investors: Okay. When Richard said just staying, you know, at the top of the peer group on the 150 to total loans and watching that, do you want to keep the reserve above the combination of NPLs plus restructured plus 90day plus or is that not actually - should I not think about it that way?
Bill Parker : I wouldn't think about it that way. I mean, there's two things. One, we obviously look at how we believe we should be well-capitalized and adequately served relative to our peers. And we are a highly rated bank, and those are important measures.  But then we also have the internal methodology to calculate the allowance, and that's where you get into the delinquencies and the underlying ratings of commercial credits, et cetera, which Richard was also talking about.
Tom Purcell - Viking Investors: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Bill Parker : Yep.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Doheny of Decade Capital.
Richard Davis: Good morning, Tom.
Tom Doheny - Decade Capital:  Good morning. Just a quick question. I apologize if you hit on this, but the decline in credit and debit card revenue from the fourth quarter, I realize there's a lot of seasonality in that line but anything else you can, you know, hit on in terms of the decline on a linked-quarter basis or is that just purely seasonality?
Richard Davis: It's purely seasonality. In fact, it's even got the increase in fuel prices offsetting that, so it's absolutely and only seasonality. There's nothing remarkable in there at all.
Tom Doheny - Decade Capital: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Richard Davis: Yep.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) There are no further questions at this time.
Richard Davis: Thanks, Christie. Judy, wrap it up.
Judy Murphy: Thanks, everybody, for joining us. If you have any follow-up questions or need hard copies of our press release and supplemental schedules, please feel free to contact me at 6123030783. 
Richard Davis: Thanks.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-15 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Judy Murphy - Director of Investor Relations  Richard Davis  Chief Executive Officer Andy Cecere  Chief Financial Officer Bill Parker - Chief Credit Officer 
Analysts:  Edward Najarian  Merrill Lynch Nancy Bush  NAB Research, LLC Matthew OConnor  UBS Chris Mutascio  Stifel Nicolaus Todd Hagerman  Credit Suisse Mike Mayo  Deutsche Bank Brock Vandervliet - Galleon Group  
Operator:  Good afternoon and welcome to the U.S. Bancorps Fourth Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. Following a review of the results by Richard Davis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Cecere, U.S. Bancorps Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the conference call over to Ms. Judy Murphy, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, madam.
Judy Murphy: Thank you for joining us today. This is Judy Murphy, Director of Investor Relations at U.S. Bancorp. Richard Davis, Andy Cecere, and Bill Parker, our Chief Credit Officer, are here with me to review U.S. Bancorps fourth quarter 2007 results and answer your questions.  If you have not received a copy of our earnings release and supplemental analyst schedules, they are available on our website at USBanc.com. I would like to remind you that any forward-looking statements made during todays call are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could materially change our current forward-looking assumptions are detailed in our press release and in our Form 10-K report on file with the SEC. I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Richard Davis: Thank you, Judy and good afternoon to all of you joining us today. Id like to begin todays call with an overview of our fourth quarter results and a review of some of the highlights. Ill then turn the call over to Andy, who will provide you with additional comments about the earnings. After weve completed our brief formal remarks, well open the line to questions from our audience. U.S. Bancorp reported net income of $942 million for the fourth quarter of 2007. Earnings per diluted common share for the fourth quarter of $0.53 were $0.13 lower than the earnings per share in the same period of 2006, and $0.09 lower than the third quarter of 2007.  As we announced in December, the fourth quarter results included two items that in total reduced the earnings per common diluted share by $0.13. The first was a pre-tax charge of $215 million or $0.09 per diluted common share representing our proportionate share of certain litigation involving Visa and a number of Visa banks. The second item was a pre-tax market valuation loss of $107 million or $0.04 per common diluted share related to the purchase of certain asset-backed commercial paper holdings from certain money market funds managed by a subsidiary, FAF Advisors.  Excluding these two one-time items, our earnings per share for the fourth quarter of 2007 would have approximated $0.66 per diluted common share. We achieved a return on average assets of 1.63% and a return on average common equity of 18.3% in the fourth quarter. Excluding the Visa charge and the market valuation loss, our return on average assets and return on average common equity would have been 2.01% and 22.6% respectively. Our fourth quarter net interest margin improved from 3.44% in the third to 3.51% in the fourth quarter, a 7 basis point increase. This improvement in our margin, in addition to good quality growth in average earning assets, resulted in an increase in net interest income on a linked-quarter basis as well as on a year-over-year basis.  As we have said in the past, a stable margin is a key component of our long-term revenue growth assumptions. Our assumption going forward is that given the current rate environment, yield curve and our balance sheet mix, the margin in 2008 should settle in the mid 340s range comparable to that of 2007. Andy will discuss our rationale for these expectations in greater detail in a moment. Once again our fee-based businesses exhibited excellent momentum. Payments-related fees were very strong this quarter, recording year-over-year core growth in the high teens. Trust and investment management fees increased by almost 8%, while treasury management fees, commercial product revenue and mortgage banking revenue also improved over the prior year.  As we discussed at our September investor conference, treasury management and commercial product sales have been specifically targeted for improvement via several revenue growth initiatives. This quarters results demonstrate that these initiatives have begun to gain attraction. Although revenue growth in the fourth quarter is seasonally not as robust as in the second or third quarters for our company, payments, trust, and investment management fees along with commercial revenue all posted solid core growth over the prior quarter.  Mortgage banking revenue was lower on a linked basis by quarter by $28 million as an unfavorable change in the valuation of mortgage servicing rights and related economic hedging activity was partially offset by higher servicing revenue and production gains.  Our mortgage banking division continues to benefit from the recent market conditions with what we would call a flight to quality. Our mortgage products and service are first rate and our customers and business partners know that we are committed to originating and servicing high quality credit. The growth in total revenue, net interest income and fees was 3.4% year over year. However, revenue growth, excluding the $107 million money market related asset valuation loss in the current quarter and a previously reported $52 million gain from the sale of the 401(K) business posted in the fourth quarter of last year, would yield more than an 8% year-over-year increase in total revenue. The growth in total revenue on a linked-quarter basis was approximately 1% annualized. Excluding the money market-related asset valuation loss, total revenue grew by over 13% on an annualized basis demonstrating the powerful impact that a stable margin, coupled with our strong fee-based business, can have on our overall revenue growth. Non-interest expense in the current quarter was $322 million higher than the fourth quarter of last year and $191 million higher than the previous quarter. Although certain expense categories tend to be seasonally higher in the fourth quarter, the majority of the dollar variance from both time periods was due to the $215 million Visa litigation charge taken in fourth quarter. A large part of the remaining increase in expense year-over-year and on a linked-quarter basis can be attributed to core growth and continued investment in both our fee-based businesses and our banking franchise. Our efficiency ratio as reported for the fourth quarter was 54.7%. That declines to a more comparable 47.2% when adjusted for the fourth quarter Visa litigation charge and market valuation loss. We are one of the most efficient financial institutions in the industry.  As a company, we will continue to have a disciplined approach to expense control. It is our efficiency, after all, that allows us to continue to invest and maintain our industry-leading profitability metrics. Turning to the balance sheet, total average loans grew by 5.4% year over year, led by solid growth in average total retail loans of 7.5% and commercial loans of 6.4%. As we indicated last quarter, commercial loan growth began to pick up during the latter half of the third quarter. Our fourth quarter results reflect that activity as average commercial loans grew by almost $3 billion or 6.4% year over year and over 18% on an annualized linked-quarter basis.  A significant portion of this growth came from the corporate banking and business equipment leasing groups and represented growth in both current and new relationships, again demonstrating that our growth initiatives are beginning to have an impact on our overall results. Going forward, we expect that our companys growth in both commercial and commercial real estate loans will be slightly lower than the industry average as we continue to concentrate on originating principally high quality credits and compete on price for the best customers.  We saw a very favorable change in our deposit trends this quarter. Average total deposits increased by 3.7% in the fourth quarter over the same quarter of last year and by more than 5% on an unannualized basis over the prior quarter. This deposit growth is, in part, the result of our companys continued focus on and execution of our revenue initiatives. Our credit quality metrics remained very manageable. As predicted, net charge-offs and non-performing assets rose moderately this quarter. Net charge-offs were 59 basis points of average loans for the fourth quarter of 2007, above the 54 basis points in the third quarter of this last year and higher than 47 basis points of average loans in the fourth quarter of 2006. These ratios represented a $26 million increase in net charge-offs on a linked-quarter basis and a $56 million increase year over year.  The increases over both the prior quarter and the fourth quarter of 2006 were expected. On the commercial side, stress in the homebuilding and mortgage industry led to an increase in net charge-offs, albeit small, at just $8 million. The most significant increase year over year on the consumer side was in the credit card loans net charge-offs, as growth in outstandings and a return to normalized net charge-off ratios led to this increase. The credit card net charge-off ratio of 3.29% this quarter remains below our expected rate for this loan category as we anticipate this ratio to climb over time to its pre-bankruptcy reform rate of slightly over 4%, which will be still very low by industry standards. Residential real estate related charge-offs, including consumer first and second liens, grew modestly over the same period of last year and over the prior quarter. We anticipated the growth in total net charge-offs to accelerate as we move into 2008 as stress in the commercial mortgage and homebuilding industries continue and the upward trends in delinquencies and the consumer residential real estate-related categories migrate to charge-off status. The increase in net charge-offs is expected to be manageable and within the expected through the cycle range.  As expected, non-performing assets also increased during the quarter to $690 million at December 31 from $641 million at September 30, a 7.6% increase. Given the current economic environment, we anticipate that our non-performing assets will continue to move higher but this increase will be very manageable. I will now turn the call over to Andy who will make a few more comments about the quarter.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks Richard. I would like to begin by summarizing the significant items that have impacted the comparison of our fourth quarter results to prior periods. As Richard discussed, the current quarter included two significant items: first, the $107 million asset valuation loss; and secondly, the $215 million Visa litigation charge. Earnings per diluted common share without these items would have been $0.66.  The third quarter of 2007 also included a charge of $115 million related to Visa litigation. This charge represented the companys proportionate share of the litigation settlement between Visa and American Express. Third quarter earnings per diluted common share without this charge would have been $0.67.  Finally, the fourth quarter of 2006 benefited from three notable items, including a $52 million gain on the sale of the companys 401 recordkeeping business; a $22 million charge to prepay certain debt; and a reduction in tax liabilities related to the resolution of certain state and federal tax examination.  After consideration of these items, the fourth quarter 2006 earnings per diluted common share would have been approximately $0.61. Hopefully this gives a little clearer view of our earnings moving into 2008. Net interest income in the fourth quarter was higher on both the year over year and linked-quarter basis. The $68 million increase in net interest income over the fourth quarter of 2006 was the result of a $10.6 billion increase in average earning assets which was enough to more than offset the 5 basis point drop in the margin.  The $78 million increase in net interest income on a linked-quarter basis was the result of a 7 basis point increase in the margin and a $5.4 billion increase in average earning assets. The margin contraction year over year can be attributed to slightly tighter credit spreads, primarily due to competitive loan pricing and a decline in net refunds relative to a year ago. An increase in loan fees and a relative improvement in wholesale funding rates partially offset these negative factors. As Richard mentioned, we are comfortable with the expectations that our net interest margin will settle in the mid 340s in 2008 which would be comparable to the full year margin in 2007.  The fourth quarter margin was slightly higher due to a number of positive events, including a lag in the repricing of a portion of our consumer products in conjunction with the last rate decrease; higher yield-related fees; our ability to garner favorable short-term funding rates during the current market turmoil; and an increase in EFI funds due to the absence of share repurchases in the fourth quarter. Going forward, our expectation for a stable net interest margin is based on steady to slightly improving credit spreads, continued growth in higher spread products, including credit card and other retail loans, and normalization of funding and liquidity in the overnight markets and the resumption of our share repurchase program. Our capital position remains strong. In anticipation of the need to purchase certain securities from the rated money market funds managed by FAF Advisors, the company did not buyback shares of stock in the fourth quarter of 2007. For the full year 2007 however, 58 million shares were repurchased. These repurchases, combined with our quarterly dividend, resulted in 111% return of earnings to shareholders for the full year 2007, well above our 80% goal. We remain well capitalized at quarter end with a tier one capital ratio of 8.3%, just slightly below our target ratio of 8.5%, and a total capital ratio of 12.2%. We anticipate that we will return our target tier one capital ratio by March 31st 2008. Richard will cover the highlights of our credit quality statistics for the quarter, but I wanted to update our exposure to sub-prime lending. Our exposure to sub-prime residential loans is minimal and very little has changed from the end of the third quarter of 2007.  As of the end of this quarter, we had $4.2 billion of residential real estate loans and home equity and second mortgage loans outstanding to customers that could be considered sub-prime. Those two portfolios represent 2.7% of total loans outstanding as of December 31. Although the percentage of sub-prime loans is very small, we have taken steps to address concerns related to the repricing of the adjustable rate mortgages and the impact that may have on our current customers. This program was instituted in the spirit of the model introduced by the federal government, but we feel that it contains additional flexibility. The result of this program will be an increase in the total of restructured loans reported by the company as we move into 2008. My final comment relates to an accounting change that will impact the results in 2008. Effective January 1, 2008 the company will adopt Financial Accounting Standards 157, Fair Value Measurements and 159, Fair Value Options as required by the Financial Accounting Standards Board. The impact to our financial statements from the adoption of these accounting standards will be an expected reduction in earnings per common diluted share of approximately $0.02 at the time of adoption in the first quarter of 2008 and approximately $0.03 for the full year 2008. I would now like to turn the call back to Richard for his closing remarks.
Richard Davis: Thank you, Andy. Last September at our investor day meeting I announced the formation of a new division in our company focused on revenue growth. We are calling this new division the Enterprise Revenue Office, the ERO, and appointed [Mac McCulla], a name familiar to many of you, to lead this effort.  As you might also remember, I discussed the first group of activities the Enterprise Revenue Office will focus on. A set of 15 initiatives focused on building deeper relationships with our customers. These 15 initiatives are expected to generate between $500 million and $750 million of incremental annual revenue beginning in 2009. I am very pleased to report that we will have six or seven of these initiatives up and running in pilot form in the first quarter, including three of the largest opportunities.  In addition, we are finalizing a number of activities that will allow us to become more proactive and disciplined in the pursuit of new sources of revenue; in particular, as it relates to leveraging our broad payments capabilities. I will continue to keep you updated on the progress we are making as these important activities begin to gain traction. December marks my one-year anniversary as CEO of this company. Although the first year of my tenure proved to be anything but business as usual, for us and the others in the financial services industry, I am very pleased with the strides we have made in positioning of this company for the challenges that lie ahead  As you can see from the quarters results, we have managed through this environment well. Our management team is focused on the future and working on initiatives that will capitalize on current products, services and our geographic reach while working with our new ERO to innovate and deliver new products and services for our current and our future customers.  As a company, we will continue to utilize our core financial strength including our profitability, efficiency, prudent credit culture, capital management, and customer service while selectively investing in growth of our businesses and people, both organically or via small strategic acquisitions to lead our long-term goals without taking risks that could jeopardize our future.  This company is well positioned to produce a consistent, predictable and repeatable earnings stream going forward for the benefit of our customers, our community, our employees and our shareholders.  That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Bill and I will now be happy to answer any questions from the audience. Operator, were ready.  
Operator:  Your first question will come from Ed Najarian - Merrill Lynch.
Ed Najarian - Merrill Lynch : Good afternoon Richard. Just two quick questions. It sounded like from Andys remarks that you would not be repurchasing stock in the first quarter, but would expect to resume repurchasing stock in the second quarter and beyond, is that the right read?
Andrew Cecere:  Hi Ed, we did not repurchase in the fourth quarter, this is Andy, we did not repurchase in the fourth quarter in anticipation of the FAF transaction. We will start to repurchase late in the first quarter. Our first objective is to retain, get back to the 8.5% tier one ratio, but we do expect some, albeit a low level of purchases in the first quarter and back to a normalized level in future quarters.
Edward Najarian  Merrill Lynch: It looked like operating costs, even after backing out the Visa litigation charges, were stepped up pretty noticeably. I guess obviously related to a number of the revenue growth initiatives that you touched upon. Is that sort of core expense level sort of a base level now from which we can think about sustaining or growing from given the fact that youre moving forward with power banking and a number of other revenue initiatives that you discussed or would you expect a step down a little bit from the fourth quarter level?
Richard Davis:  You know Ed, the answer is I believe that represents the direction Id like to go in having a higher expense base but offset when the revenues starts to show, so lets agree that were starting to move that number up, we still speak and will have positive operating leverage for the year of 2008, but in the beginning stages of an investment curve that were in, I suspect that will probably be a bit of the expenses ahead of some of the revenue and at this point I hesitate to cut back on that to the point that Ill either delay or lose the benefits that were creating now and the momentum.  So from the near term I think youre seeing us at a new run rate base, but as we deliver the revenue that Im expecting that will continue to keep the positive operating leverage and the industry leading efficiency ratio that youve come to expect and you can have my word that should we not find the revenue coming about we have all kinds of opportunities to reduce the expense flow to make sure that we protect our ratios.
Edward Najarian  Merrill Lynch: Okay thank you, thats very helpful and very good quarter, especially relative to what were seeing from peers.
Operator:  Your next question will come from the line of Nancy Bush with NAB Research, LLC.
Nancy Bush  NAB Research, LLC.: Also known as Nancy Bush. Could you just speak to the deposit growth, is this coming in a particular geographic area or product because its rather startling to see so much deposit growth in such a short period of time and is there something here that has kicked in and should we expect more going forward?
Andrew Cecere:  Nancy, two things, I would say part of the deposit growth was unique to the fourth quarter, we have some acceleration of broker dealer growth and activity that I would call more temporary in nature, but even peeling that back we are starting to see growth in our core consumer deposit products. We are adapting a number of new products and a couple of pricing strategies. Still within our constraints and range but we are seeing some core growth in consumer deposits on the savings and checking side so I think we are starting to see a turn to the curve that weve experienced the last couple of years.
Richard Davis:  So Nancy, youre right, it is a meaningful change in the past and I think its one that a lot of people hopefully would do someday. Its not at the cost of the increment of our margins but we are taking advantage of some of the margin attributes that allow us to firm up and at the same time start being more competitive in some of these markets.  Power base, to Eds earlier question is one of those areas but you will see us take different approaches in our community markets or in the markets that we have low market share which were calling a program called Self Banking where we will be more aggressive in markets where the disintermediation risk is so much lower, so if we do our job well you will see a slight increase in the cost of deposits managed against the overall margin remain flat and the growth of core relationships which is something weve been long coveting for many years.
Nancy Bush  NAB Research, LLC.: Great and secondly if you could just speak to the profitability of mortgage banking right now, I mean theres been a great deal of hope that the remaining players would see better quality loans, better profitability, increase market share, if you could just speak to whether that is yet being seen?
Richard Davis:  You know Nancy it is for us, Im happy to report, didnt have to change any of our protocols, our products, our broker stream, we were doing exactly the business a year ago that were doing today. Were seeing a highlight now of the flight to quality that we call that in our notes, its a funny way to say it but we do have customers and partners wanting to do business with us because we havent changed our products that we havent changed our return on the focus of customer service and under the leadership of Danny [Orgoniya], our first mortgage business, you know were in the high teens as a national ranked mortgage provider and mortgage servicer, thats a great place for us to be because its a great business.  Our own customers get our own business, we do a lot of business for others, but it is for us a high quality business and actually the margins have improved because of the flight to quality. That along with the hedging acumen that Andy has to bring to the table to make sure that the business is managed in this difficult time has given us a very robust view of the future of mortgage banking. Its one of our growth initiatives based on the size that it has in the company. Andy, did you want to add to that?
Andrew Cecere:  The only thing Id add Nancy is in the fourth quarter, given the dramatic change in interest rates day to day and the turbulence that occurred our head results were a little less than the third quarter and thats some of the decline youre seeing on the [link] quarter basis but the core underlying servicing and production revenue is very strong.
Nancy Bush  NAB Research, LLC.: Great, thank you.
Operator:  Your next question will come from the line of Matthew OConnor with UBS. 
Matthew OConnor  UBS: Richard, can you talk a little bit about how you can take advantage of the current downturn? Obviously youve held up a lot better than others from an earnings point of view, your capital is intact, theres [Overlay: Thank you] set up better, you mentioned some opportunities in the commercial lending side but are you looking at other opportunities in this downturn?
Richard Davis:  I understand where the question said is let me answer in two parts. The first one, not exactly what you meant but, while a majority of our peers I believe are focused on internal action, not the least of which would be capital preservation, dividend reviews, line of business reductions and perhaps contraction of employees. Were not working on any of those things and so issue number one is we have the ability to be focused on continuing to power through on the initiatives that this company has long been focused on which is to be as great an offensive stock as youve known us to be for years as a defensive stock. And we would be doing that anyway but given that our peers might be focusing on other things, thats the distinct advantage. Follow up to that is we have made that, I think, very clear to our 54,000 employees by emboldening them to be all the more advantageous in dealing with the very best customers and prospects we may heretofore not seen and take advantage of our window of opportunity and be very aggressive in the pride that they should feel about the company that they keep. So were getting a lot of the, Ill call it the 12th man on the team kind of benefit, were not shrinking away from that advantage. In terms of the real technical and financial advantage, lets agree that to have a distinct PE advantage to your peers is something to understand and to manage. In this case we just finished our board meeting here this morning, were off-site today in Atlanta where you know Novus is headquartered and during the board meeting we discussed issues about being very prudent with our advantages, keeping our powder dry to make sure we understand what material items in the next quarter or two in this great environment and let me say for anybody who wants to not be confused, we have no desires or need to do any transactional event or transformational event to keep this company moving forward as well as it can.  And yes, we have advantages you must understand them, evaluate them and make sure you dont leave them unfettered and we will continue to look at those advantages and make sure that we dont miss the chance where something may come along but we are not seeking it, we are not looking for it, we like who we are, where were headed, I love the fact that were not under any disruption, but Im not going to look a blind eye to opportunities if something comes along. So, its not a goal but were not going to overlook an opportunity if something comes along but it would certainly have to present itself and it hasnt yet.
Matthew OConnor  UBS: And Richard just a follow up on that last point, I mean you might be in a position where youre in the drivers seat where theres a lot of potential sellers just a few potential buyers, are you looking at is, just prioritize just in terms of whats most important from a financial point of view, strategic new business lines, seems like you might have your pick to those new places or new geographies.
Richard Davis:  Right, I would say to order things number one, number two and number three is financial. This has just got to make sense for our company in the near term and the long term. Youre not going to hear us consider deals and wile away the issues of two years of dilution or marginally accretive, thats not smart. This company is in a great position and in fact arguably at the sixth largest sized, maybe at the last point, large enough to be able to understand and manage without being too big to be complex. So, Im going to be very prudent with the use of our capital and our position and not dilute what got us here.  And then if that financially made sense then strategically it would have to fit, that would be the second gateway because we literally do things that make sense and as I know it today, Matt, were still focused on small in-market acquisitions that make sense in the deepening of the markets that were in. Small but meaningful and perhaps strategic payment opportunities anywhere on the globe that makes sense and continue to look at that trust and wealth management business where there are businesses that I think will come to us in the next quarter or two from some companies downstream that say I really think I dont want to get in this business anymore, I want someone else to do it for me and you guys have a track record. So financial first, strategic second and both are required before we go to any third of fourth considerations.
Matthew OConnor  UBS: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator:  Your next question will come from the line of Chris Mutascio with Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Mutascio  Stifel Nicolaus: Good afternoon all. I think first question, Andy could you itemize the things that caused the benefit to the fourth quarter margin again, went kind of fast and I could write them down and then maybe provide how much each of those items benefited the margin?
Andrew Cecere:  Sure, there are three principle reasons for the margin improvement. Number one is that we did not purchase stock in the fourth quarter so our free funds were actually higher because of that lack of repurchase.  Number two is that we did benefit from the downward trend in rates, as you know we are liability sensitive and as we projected in the downturn in rates we benefit and that helped us out in margin. And then finally as you also probably know, the last month of the year and principally the last half of the last month there was a lot of turbulence in the financial markets which allowed us to actually benefit quite substantially in terms of our wholesale funding cost day to day. There is a bit of a flight to quality and we had some days there where on an overnight basis we were borrowing at a low rate.  My expectation is all three of those things will begin to normalize and as we talked about, our expectation for 08 is to get back to that mid 340 margin for the full year.
Chris Mutascio  Stifel Nicolaus: You say those three items provide you seven basis points, ten basis points of margin?
Andrew Cecere:  You know, again, I dont have each one itemized specifically but a combination of all of those things are sort of the seven basis points.
Chris Mutascio  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, if the Fed keeps cutting interest rates as aggressively as some may suggest wouldnt you still benefit from at least the trend in rates going down further?
Andrew Cecere:  You are correct we are still liability sensitive but I will also say that given that where rates are today on some deposit products, we are going to start to reach a floor on our downward pricing, so that the benefit, while still there, will begin to diminish as rates continue to go down.
Chris Mutascio  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay and I can ask one follow up question, on the actual qualities, clearly is going to look better than most are going to report over the next couple days but I guess the one that you could look at is the 90 day past due was up 30% sequentially, is there any concern there that its a harbinger of things to come in terms of inflows and NPAs at some point?
Richard Davis:  Chris this is Richard and I want Bill to answer that but yes, that is a concern and yes so is the fact that 30, [80 and] 90 continue to be finding themselves back down to a more normalized level, so if anyone in the next couple weeks tells any of you differently, we have a pretty good view of the next 90 days in banking, we have a very blurry view after that. I mean you just cant really possibly predict much beyond your delinquencies and your charge off routines.  Bankruptcies can come in faster from the sides than they used to be and the valuation losses, not dependent on how predictable you are on your loss by customers ability to repay, the actual loss for instance this case autos or homes or other things are much more difficult to predict than they used to be because the market has so many moving dynamics, so we are concerned about that, we did plan as you know, weve telegraphed that our net charge offs and our non-performers will grow over the course of the year. We expect that, if it changes the trajectory we will telegraph that to all of you. At this point its definitely as we expected it to be and were not immune but we dont see any reason to pull the trigger or call in for any kind of onetime event in order to account for any surprises that we didnt see at this point. That would be the CEOs approach, but let the chief credit officer give you their real facts that might make more sense.
Bill Parker:  Yeah we did see some stickiness in the 90 days over the holiday season that was probably a little more than we normally see, but as Richard said, the good news was on our residential mortgages portfolio, including home equity, we were actually flat to down on our 30 to 89 day delinquencies. So that was a positive development for us.
Chris Mutascio  Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks for the candor.
Operator:  Your next question will come from the line of Todd Hagerman with Credit Suisse.
Todd Hagerman  Credit Suisse:  Good afternoon everybody. A couple questions, just a follow up along those lines, just in terms of the comments that you made before just in terms of expectation for accelerating delinquencies and so forth and higher charge offs, Richard I think you mentioned that the expectation is that it will still remain within through cycle type of a range, could you just kind of frame that out for us in terms of how youre thinking right now and whether or not the Board and Senior management has kind of thought through the potential in terms of recession scenario and how that may impact those figures?
Richard Davis:  I think Ill have Bill answer the first question, but Todd let me go with the last one. You might expect that were fairly good students of our own numbers and we have a recession scenario that weve built in our profit plan which is particularly watching for these signals, the early indicators and then reacting if need be on the expense side of the equation to respond to that so we protect our original commitments. Were not seeing these events yet that would cause us to trigger our recession scenarios neither at the company level or at an individual line of business level, but you can rest assured we have done our homework, we know exactly what that looks like. For US Bank were a fairly large consumer based company, so should there be a recession or a technical slowdown either way, it effects us on the credit side, it also effects us in the customer demand side and it effects our payment businesses both on the acquired and issuing side. So yes we and the Board have talked about that and were good stewards of whats possible, but were also operating in what we know today which itself fairly decent growth, albeit a bit slowing, its manageable for us and based on the mix of businesses there are some counter-intuitive activity that goes on where some areas are actually strengthening at times and others are weakening. So on the recessionary preparations, we are prepared for that and have looked at our moving parts. Regards the rest of it in terms of actual credit performance, let me have Bill add that.
Bill Parker:  Yeah you referred to the through the cycle comments and we defined that before as between 60 and 80 basis points, if you look at our balance sheet we do have a fairly sizable credit card portfolio relative to the size of our balance sheet and as weve stated we do expect those losses to move up into the low 4% range and as it does that we will move up in that range of that through the cycle.
Richard Davis:  So Todd, I think we are making clear to you guys we tell you what we know. We said 60 to 80 over the cycle and in our minds that would be the range in a more traditional time, post this bankruptcy reform and all the other things. These numbers could move on the high end or slightly above that range that we just said depending on how the performance of credit cards and the real estate businesses perform.  Were not seeing it go above that yet, were definitely seeing in that range at the high end and well telegraph that to you as quickly as we see anything otherwise, but we would not as I said be immune and at this point we did not add to provision, we dont feel we need to, were adequately provided for, were going to watch the earnings of the other banks and see that theyre addition to provisions might place us in a relative ranking, on an absolute basis were very well provided and we want to make sure on a comparative basis we are as well so well continue to visit that but at this point in time I think you would agree if you looked at our numbers that were in a good position and a strong healthy balance sheet right now.
Todd Hagerman  Credit Suisse:  I appreciate those comments and if I could just add a follow up, just again along the lines on the mortgage side, the reference to the increase in the restructured loans this quarter, could you just provide a little bit more color around that, specifically, you made reference to the sub-prime piece and being a driver of that increase, could you just talk a little bit more about what exactly kind of proportionally the composition there and any other, whether its accounting changes or I should say policy changes that may have been made within the residential mortgage portfolio that allows you to become a little bit more proactive in terms of managing these elevated delinquency levels?
Bill Parker:  What we looked at in our sub-prime first residential mortgages and what we looked at was a pool of customers in our sub-prime portfolio that have always made their payments as agreed at a certain level for two to three years and they were facing interest rate resets which would cause a higher payment level and what we did was chose to provide relief to them in the form of allowing them to maintain their current level of payment. So its still a performing mortgage, but accounting treatment would say you have to report it as a restructured loan.
Richard Davis:  Todd, this is Richard, Im actually quite proud of that action, weve contemplated and built the rules before the Presidents recommendation and while it may not be five years as was recognized by the Presidents commission, its an extensively larger set of customers based on a different measure of need and in our case let it be said that US Bank doesnt want to own a house. We dont want to put people out of their houses and we want to do whats right. Our profit plan predicted that we would not enjoy those increases for the next couple of years and its to that extent of the protection people and protect our assets that makes a lot of sense to us and for our shareholders.
Bill Parker:  Okay and again just any policy changes to speak to in terms of with the mortgage portfolio specifically in terms of how youre recognizing either the charge off or foreclosure process?
Richard Davis:  No, none.
Bill Parker:  Okay, terrific, thank you.
Operator:  Your next question will come from the line of Mike Mayo - Deutsche Bank.
Mike Mayo  Deutsche Bank:  I know we talked before about competitive pressures and I thought you said its easing up some on mortgage. But more generally, are you seeing the competitive conditions getting better, worse or are they the same?
Richard Davis:  Im seeing them to be the same, may be a little different variation on things but for us, pricing is not quite as aggressive as its been, in part because I think it is just the inward focus a lot of companies are looking at. When you are inwardly focused you try to shave off the edges on everything, in this case it might be shaving down some of the pricing comparisons.  So for us, weve always been a low-cost provider and a challenger in the market for price for the very top customers. That is a little better than its been in times past, in part because I think we are leading with a certain level of certainty that we may not have had on a relative basis before.  On the positive pricing side, the actions -- not the least of which that were taken yesterday -- do assist us in some of the less rationale deposit pricers moving away from the competitive view; and thats not to say we dont give our customers what they deserve, but it is nice to have less pressure on some of these unrealistic deposit gatherers with the FDI fee insurance thats been provided to them, its very hard to compete.  So I think there is current and will be a slightly beneficial deposit pricing going forward. Absent that, everyone is out there clawing for the next customer and doing what they can to make sure that they offset some of these pressures with decent revenue growth; so on that side, it is as competitive as it has ever been and I think in our case we just have a slight few advantages that were seeing.
Mike Mayo  Deutsche Bank: What about your willingness to extend credit? Have you pulled back even just a tiny bit based on what you are seeing with your credit losses for the industry?
Richard Davis:  Ill let Bill answer that technically, but the answer is in certain things, yes; but for the most part no, because this is my moment to say to you all we werent doing most of this for the last few years and many folks criticized us for not growing our assets more robustly and now that we havent changed our formats we are still growing at about the same levels we were, but it appears to be a little more core than maybe it was known to be before.  So for us overall no, we are not changing our approach or our policies but on the other hand there were a couple of categories  
Bill Parker:  Really the only category that we are not originating out of anymore -- which was never that significant -- is the sub-prime home equity. We have less than a $1 billion, we still have less than $1 billion and its running off right now.
Richard Davis:  Thats about it.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Brock Vandervliet - Galleon Group.
Brock Vandervliet - Galleon Group:  I just wanted to confirm your over the cycle comment. I am assuming thats an average number, 60-80 basis points over a cycle, correct?
Richard Davis:  Thats correct.
Brock Vandervliet - Galleon Group:  So at a peak period of losses, what would that imply, 100?
Richard Davis:  In our mind, the 90 to 95 is on the high end of that range and the 55 to 60 is on the low end so when we get to the core that 60 to 80 is right in the center of that curve.
Brock Vandervliet - Galleon Group:  I am relatively new to this story; if you could just review your home equity exposure?
Andrew Cecere:
 : 90% of our home equity portfolio is originated out of our branches. Thats all prime and it has a weighted average loan-to-value of 71%. Then there is the only other piece, which is this less than a $1 billion I referred to thats in the finance company. Thats it.
Brock Vandervliet - Galleon Group:  Of the home equity paper, what percent do you have the first mortgage in front of it?
Andrew Cecere: I think about 20 to 25% where we have the first mortgage held.
Richard Davis: Brock, welcome to the story. If we had an hour, Id tell you the rest of it but I will say that our finance company is a wholly owned startup from 1995; it was started from the old Star Bank in Cincinnati. It has always been a homegrown product that has been led by a guy named Randy Griffith who has led us through all of these difficult times with no remorse and no regret as to the kind of businesses we offered our customers.  Sub-prime for us has always has been first and foremost customers who qualified at a different price point and in this case, they are stressed for sure, but theres never been a single point of failure for our company nor has it been a major earnings stream. Its just been part of the composition of building customer relationships. By the way, as they graduate to prime they have been welcomed into the bank at the prime level and have been part of our long-term growth; you just couldnt see it over the years.
Andrew Cecere:
 : I will just add on the prime portfolio that this branch portfolio which is 90% of the business, the net loss rate on that in the fourth quarter was 21 basis points.
Brock Vandervliet - Galleon Group:  Finally on the 90-day past due, is that mostly a seasonal impact that you would expect to settle back down here in Q1?
Andrew Cecere: It should come back down and there is a seasonality to it, but as I said earlier, there was some stickiness that we did not see in previous holiday season.
Brock Vandervliet - Galleon Group:  Thanks for taking all the questions.
Richard Davis: Brock, to follow-up on that for everyones sake, as I said earlier, we do operate under the traditional old fashioned banking knowledge that 90-day delinquencies are a predictor of future charge-offs; 30 day delinquencies are predictors of potential problems. Bankruptcy is a kind of out of the sight, comes out as a surprise sometimes but you get that information and all of a sudden it is your new bankruptcy.  The valuation of both homes and automobiles is probably the one thing thats most volatile now because our predictability has been proven to be absolutely on point. We have a really good idea of who is going to go delinquent or who is going to have a charge-off. What we dont know as well as we used to, by no fault of our own, is the amount of that loss, until which time the valuations are clear and either deals are settled in the marketplace or we get the results after the fact.  So, I think its important. We are one of the first banks to report that as you look at this course of the credit, most banks are quite good at understanding risk of charge-off or risk of default and loss for commercial and consumers; but the ability to size the absolute loss is probably more difficult than its been.  So, we are not hedging, we are not trying to act like we dont know, and we are also not sitting on something we know thats bad either because we simply cant see much beyond 90 days probably most certainly within 45 and after that we just watch the signals and we will adjust to it as we learn.  For me, as the head of a company thats got its basis on risk management and understanding customer relationships, it is not only what happens but its how we treat our customers for the period, its how we manage with them to try to help them get through this time that will forever build relationship that will go generations forward. If were there to help them when the times are tough and that is our number one objective -- not at the cost of the shareholder, but at the benefit of the shareholder -- and thats the art of the science here.
Operator:   We have no further questions at this time. Are there any closing remarks?
Richard Davis: There are, thank you operator. Thank you, Tina. I just want to thank you all once again for following this company and showing an interest if youre an investor, thank you for that.  Ive always closed my presentations -- and I wont hesitate today -- to close with a commitment that this company focuses on being among the very best banks in the country in every measure; to be consistent, predictable, and repeatable. I cant think of a time that that will mean more than it does in this very volatile time.  We are not the savants, we are not mind readers, we dont know exactly whats going to happen in the future, but we know our company very well. We know everything going on inside of it and we are quite pleased to present to you these results for Q4 and for 2007, despite my chagrin that the shareholder did not gain a return last year from U.S. Bancorp, over the long course of time they have and its our hope that over the long course of the future they will again as well.  So, we look forward to continuing to communicate with you, especially during the quarter as we progress through this challenging time. If there is any news to tell you well be the first to tell you. Thanks operator.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-16 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Judy Murphy - Sr. VP and Directorof IR Richard Davis - President and CEO Andrew Cecere - Vice Chairman andCFO Bill Parker - Chief CreditOfficer
Analysts: Mike Mayo - Deutsche Bank John McDonald - Banc of America Securities Nancy Bush - NAB Research, LLC Gary Townsend - FBR Capital Market Matt O'Connor - UBS Manuel Ramirez - KBW Todd Hagerman - Credit Suisse Lori Appelbaum - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good morning and welcome to theU.S. Bancorp's Third Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. Following a reviewof the results by Richard Davis, President and Chief Executive Officer, andAndy Cecere, U.S. Bancorp's Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, therewill be a formal question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thiscall will be recorded and is available for replay, beginning today atapproximately 11:30 AM Eastern Time, through Tuesday October 23rd, at 12O'clock midnight Eastern Time. I will now turn the conferencecall over to Judy Murphy, Senior Vice President.
Judy Murphy: Thank you for joining us thismorning. This is Judy Murphy, Director of Investor Relations at U.S. Bancorp.Today, Richard Davis and Andy Cecere are here with me to review U.S. Bancorp'sthird quarter 2007 results. If you have not received a copy of our earningsrelease and supplemental analyst schedules, they are available on our websiteat www.usbank.com. I would like to remind you thatany forward-looking statements made during today's call are subject to risk anduncertainty. Factors that could materially change our current forward-lookingassumptions are detailed in our press release and in our Form 10K report onfile with the SEC. I will now turn the call over toRichard.
Richard Davis: Thank you Judy, and good morningto all of you for joining us today. As you know, during the third quarter of2007 issues, events in general terms are all surfaced in the financial markets andhave significant impact on our industry. These issues seemed to accelerate andexpand as the quarter progressed, and at the forefront our concerns surrounded sub-primelending, liquidity and credit quality. Despite having this environment as abackdrop to the third quarter, Im actually pleased to be here with you todayto review the results of our third quarter. As we discussed in earlySeptember at our Industrial Conference, this company is not immune to theseissues and uncertainty in the current market. But given our prudent riskmanagement and credit culture, the impacts on our results have been and we willexpect it to be limited and manageable. At this point, Id like to take afew minutes to give you an overview of our third quarter results. I will thenturn the call over to Andy, who will provide you with additional comments aboutthe earnings. As we've completed our briefformal remarks, we will open the line-up for questions from our audience. Our company reported a net incomeof $1,176 million for the third quarter of 2007. Earnings per diluted commonshare for the third quarter were $0.67 or $0.01 higher than the earnings pershare in the same period of 2006, and $0.02 higher than the second quarter of2007. We achieved a return on average assets of 2.09% and a return on averagecommon equity of 23.3% in the third quarter. Both of these profitabilitymetrics continue to be among the best in our industry. Our third quarter net interestmargin of 3.44% was 12 basis-points lower than the net interest margin wereported in the third quarter of 2006, but equal to the prior quarter of 2007.The result of this stabilization in the margin was a modest increase in netinterest income on both a year-over-year and a linked quarter basis. Earlier this year, we'd indicatedthat the net interest margin will continue to decline from the first quartermargin of 3.51% and then stabilize at 3.40%. We continue to believe that giventhe current rate environment yield curve and balance sheet mix, this assumptionstill holds true. Importantly, for our company, a stable margin is a keycomponent to our future and long-term revenue growth assumptions. Once again, our fee-basedbusinesses exhibited excellent momentum. Payments and trust related revenuewere particularly strong this quarter. Year-over-year, our Payments Related Feesgrew by over 11%, while Trust and Investment Management Fees increased by 8.5%.In addition, the Treasury Management Fees, Commercial Products Revenue and MortgageBanking revenue all increased over the prior year. You may recall that the Treasury Managementand commercial product revenue fees are targeted for improvement through anumber of our revenue growth initiatives, and we expect to see those categoriescontinue to expand. Mortgage banking revenue has beenone category that has actually benefited from recent market conditions, what Iwould call a flight to quality. Our mortgage products are first-rate and ourcustomers and business partners know that we will be there to fund the loan atclosing. Non-interest expense in thecurrent quarter was 5.9% higher than the third quarter of last year, butslightly lower than the previous quarter. A portion of the increase and expenseyear-over-year was related to investments in our fee-based businesses and ourbanking franchise. Personnel, marketing and business development were associatedwith a number of our growth initiatives, which includes PowerBank, financialinstitution services, and the expansion of our FAF Advisors' third-partydistribution. On a linked-quarter basis,non-interest expense was lower as the cost of these investments made their wayinto the run rate. This reduction in expense along with the increase in netrevenue resulted in an expected positive operating leverage for the company ona linked quarter basis. Our tangible efficiency ratio ofthird quarter of 2007 was 43.6%, making us one of the most efficient financialinstitutions in the industry. A disciplined approach to expense control willcontinue to be a focus for this company. It is our efficiency that allows us tocontinue to invest, while still maintaining our industry leading profitabilitymetrics. Turning to the balance sheet:Total average loans grew by 4.3% year-over-year led by solid growth in averagetotal retail loans of over 8%. Credit card loans, once again drove the retailnumbers with a 26.9% increase in average balances year-over-year. And our branch based co-branded,affinity and financial institution partnerships all contributed to the increaseof this prime-only based portfolio. Although not yet fully reflectedin the average balances, the company did see a pick-up in commercial loangrowth, during the latter part of the third quarter. In fact, total loans grew$3.3 billion or over 9% on an annualized basis between June 30th and September30th of this year. Going forward however, wecontinue to expect that our company's growth in both commercial and commercialreal estate loans will be slightly lower than the industry average, as wecontinue to concentrate on originating principally higher quality credits andcompete on price for the best customers. Once again, our credit qualitymetrics were strong. Net charge-offs were 54 basis points of average loans forthe third quarter 2007, slightly above the 53 basis-points in the second quarterof 2007, and higher than the 38 basis-points of average loans in the thirdquarter of 2006. These ratios represented an $8 million increase in netcharge-offs on a linked quarter basis and a $64 million increaseyear-over-year. The increases over both the priorperiods, prior quarter and third quarter of 2006 were expected and were a consequenceof the current stress in the homebuilding and mortgage industry, as well as thenormalization of consumer net charge-offs after the late 2005 bankruptcy reformmeasures. The most significant increase inyear-over-year was in credit card loan net charge-offs. The growth inoutstandings, and a slow return to a normalized net charge-off ratio, led tothis increase. The credit card net charge-off ratio of 3.09% this quarter wasseasonally lower and well below our expected long-term run rate for thiscategory. As we have previously communicated, this ratio will continue to climbover time to its pre-bankruptcy reform rate of slightly over 4%, still very lowby industry standards. Residential real estate related charge-offs, includingconsumer first and second liens also grew modestly year-over-year on a linkedquarter basis as stress in the housing markets filtered through the portfolios.Going forward, we expect that both commercial and retail net charge-offs willincrease moderately as well as they can through the cycle. Given our risk and rewardprofile, we expect our credit quality toremain favorable when compared to our peers, and any increase in net charge-offsto be very manageable. As expected non performing assets increased to $641million at September 30, from $565 million at June 30, this 13% increase wasconsistent with the expectations that we discussed at our recent investorconference. Given the current economic environment, we anticipate that our nonperforming assets will edge higher, but that increase will be modest. Our capital position remains strong. We repurchasedapproximately 6 million shares of stock in the third quarter of 2007. This combinedwith our quarterly dividend resulted in a 74% return as earnings to ourshareholders in the third quarter, and 117% year-to-date, which were well aboveour goal of 80%. We remained well capitalized at quarter-end with a Tier 1capital ratio of 8.6% and a total capital ratio of 12.8%. I will now turn the call over to Andy, who will make a fewmore comments about our quarter.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks Richard. For the first time in eight quarters, netinterest income was higher on both the year-over-year and in linked quarterbasis. The $12 million increase in net interest income over the third quarterof 2006 was the result of a $7.7 billion increase in average earnings assets,which was enough to offset the 12 basis-point drop in the margin. The $35 millionincrease in net interest income on a linked quarter basis, was the net resultof a stable margin and $2.6 billion increase in average earning assets. The margin contraction year-over-year could be attributed totighter credit spreads primarily due to competitive loan pricing. Additionally,the cost of funding of the company has risen over the past year as rates oninterest-bearing deposits have gone up and the mix of liabilities continues toshift towards higher cost deposits and other funding sources. An increase inloan fees partially offset these negative factors. We are still comfortablewith the assumption that our net interest margin will be relatively stablethrough the end of the year for a number of reasons. During the past severalmonths credit spreads appear to have stabilized for both commercial and retailloans. As many of you know however, our company strategy has been to focus onhigh quality credits, which by their very nature carry lower margins. There continues to be aggressive competition for thesecredits and we are just beginning to see risk price back in the market.Consequently, although we don't see credit spread deteriorating further, wefeel it'll take some time before these spreads have meaningful upside potentialfor the margin. In addition, the growth in our own portfolio in recentquarters has come from higher spread products including credit card and otherretail loans. And finally, the Fed actions in September will have a positiveimpact on the margin due to our slightly liability-sensitive position. Total non-interest income was higher in the current quarterthan the same quarter of 2006, by $96 million. Year-over-year the growth wassomewhat muted by a $32 million gain from the sale of equity interests in acard association, recognized last year in the third quarter of 2006. Alsoincluded in other income category in the third quarter were two specificvaluation losses totaling $21 million. The first was related to amark-to-market of certain trading account assets, while the second resultedfrom a mark-to-market of loans held by a commercial real estate joint venture. Non-interest income in the current quarter was lower thanthe prior quarter. Seasonal variances in trust and investment management andtreasury management fees contributed to the decline on a linked-quarter basis,both of which were affected by strong tax related activity in the priorquarter. The reduction in deposit service charges on a linked-quarter basis wasthe result of one less processing day in the quarter as well as fewertransaction related fees. Non-interest expenses in the third quarter of 2007 were $90million higher than the same quarter of 2006. The year-over-year increasescontinue to reflect recent investment in our business lines and franchises. Theremaining increase in expenses was driven by general business growth includingoperating expenses related to tax credit investments and merchant processingexpenses related to new customer and transaction growth. Also we haveORE-related expense. Non-interest expenses declined on a linked quarter basis by$12 million. The positive change can be attributed to favorable variancesacross many categories. At our recent Investor Conference I noted that ourmoney market funds may be impacted by exposure to liquidity and credit issuesin the asset-backed commercial paper market. Our third quarter results were notimpacted by this issue. The situation for the money market funds, including ourFirst American Funds, remains fluid. We still believe that the future EPS, infact, had a range from zero to a couple of pennies over the next couple ofquarters. Although recent market events had a minimal impact on ourincome statement, the rapid loss of liquidity in the mortgage securitizationmarket led to an increase in our non-performing loans on a linked quarterbasis. We identified this potential increase in September, as two mortgagebanking customers declared bankruptcy earlier in the third quarter. Bothcommercial loans have been placed in non-accrual as of September 30. Althoughthe loans are not performing, they are well collateralized and we do not expectany material losses. In addition, the slow-down in the real estate constructionmarket resulted in an increase in non-performing commercial real estate loans,as one large project was placed on a non-accrual status. Finally, an update on our exposure to sub-prime lending. Ourexposure to sub-prime residential loans is minimum and very little has changedfrom the end of the second quarter of 2007. As of the end of this quarter wehave $3.2 billion of residential real estate loans and $900 million of homeequity and second mortgage loans outstanding to customers that could beconsidered sub-prime. Those two portfolios represent 2.8% of total loansoutstanding as of September 30th. I would now like to turn the call back to Richard for hisclosing remarks.
Richard Davis: Thanks Andy. I am sure many of you in the audience todayhave had the chance to read our recent press release announcing that BillParker has been promoted to Chief Credit Officer of U.S. Bancorp. Bill has beenwith the company since 1984 and has been very involved in the establishment andimplementation of our current credit policies, procedures and culture. I amvery pleased that Bill has agreed to assume this very important role for ourcompany, a role that is even more important today than it was just a quarter ortwo ago. Bill is joining Andy and I today to answer any specific credit-relatedquestions you may have about our third quarter results or the current creditenvironment as a whole. In conclusion, as a company, we will continue to capitalizeon our core financial strengths including our profitability, efficiency,prudent credit culture, capital management and customer service; whileselectively investing in the growth of our businesses and our people, bothorganically and via small strategic acquisitions. Our long-term goals have not changed. We believe that we canmeet the challenges presented by this environment and do so without taking therisks that could jeopardize our future. We are not immune to thechallenges, and our third quarter and year-to-date results support my beliefthat this company is well-positioned to produce the consistent, predictable andrepeatable earnings stream going forward, for the benefit of our customers,communities, employees, and shareholders. Andy, Bill, and I will now be happyto answer any questions from our audience. Operator we are ready.
Operator: Thank you, sir. (Operator Instructions). Okay the firstquestion is from Mike Mayo with Deutsche Bank.
Mike Mayo - DeutscheBank: Good morning.
Richard Davis: Good morning, Mike.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Mike.
Mike Mayo - DeutscheBank: Could you just say something simple, it sounds like thereare a couple items that might have either hurt earnings, and I'm not sure thismight have helped earnings. You mentioned in other income $21 million ofvaluation losses, I guess that's probably not likely to repeat and you mentionedsomething else in other incomes that seemed to depress this quarter's results?
Andy Cecere: Right Mike, this is Andy. Two items; first of all last yearin the third quarter, we recognized a $32 million gain from a card associationtransaction, and there was a 2006 event in the third quarter of $32 million inother income. This quarter in 2007 we have $21 million mark-to-market relatedto our trading activity, and I would not expect that to be a repeatable event,but it was an unusual event.
Mike Mayo - DeutscheBank: Negative $21 million?
Andy Cecere: That is correct.
Mike Mayo - DeutscheBank: You also said the credit card losses are well below typical?
Richard Davis: Right.
Mike Mayo - DeutscheBank: And why is that? Is just credit quality expected to staygood for a while or?
Richard Davis: You know Mike, if you look at our long-term history, lastquarter and third quarter, we were 285 and are quarterly and seasonally low forthe year. Quarter three is based on the timing of people's receivables and theyare working themselves up to the fourth quarter spending for the holidayseason, and are always in our portfolio because it's only prime, and it behavesin that manner. So while we'd love the 3.09% we didn't want the market to thinkthis was our new run-rate. As much as Iwould celebrate that, it's really much more in the [mid-3.50s] right now on acore basis without seasonality and we want to remind the folks that before thebankruptcy reform, we were right around 4% and that's where we expect thisthing to level out over the next future quarters.
Mike Mayo - DeutscheBank: And I guess the question is a stay of the U.S. consumer then. Do you stillfeel good with that 4% range? Is the consumer good in your markets?
Richard Davis: We do. We have a high propensity of prime customerco-branded credit card clients. By virtue of saying that these are people whouse their card for not essentials as much as they do some of the morediscretionary purchases continue to perform quite well. I would be the firstperson in the third quarter earnings cycle to say, with a bit of surprise, thatthe consumer holds are very strong and in categories that are more than justrequired spending, they continue to do quite well and seem to be quite robust.We are holding to those forecasts and expecting that there will really be nomajor change in consumer behavior for spending patterns.
Mike Mayo - DeutscheBank: And then last question, I think we have core deposits inlinked quarter down a little bit, I know that's been a focus. Any color?
Richard Davis: Say it again, Mike.
Mike Mayo - DeutscheBank: Core deposits?
Richard Davis: Yeah.
Mike Mayo - DeutscheBank: I mean when we look at it we are down a little bit,excluding jumbos.
Richard Davis: That's right.
Andy Cecere: Right. A little bit of that is seasonal. Our second quarteris heavy in our government activity and that does cause our deposit categoriesto increase a bit. So part of the decline is seasonal and if you strip thatout, we do continue to see a bit of a shift to the higher earning deposits from a customer standpoint, but notdissimilar from prior quarters.
Mike Mayo - DeutscheBanc Securities Inc.: All right. Thank you.
Richard Davis: Thanks, Mike. Operator Your next question is from John McDonald of Bank of AmericaSecurities.
John McDonald - Bancof AmericaSecurities: Hi, good morning, Guys.
Andy Cecere: Good morning.
John McDonald - Bancof AmericaSecurities: Andy, wondering if you could give a little bit of color onwhat drove your mortgage revenues this quarter, and what kind of outlook youhave for the mortgage business?
Andy Cecere: Sure, first of all John, the hedging component, both of ouron-the-book overall, is fairly neutral on a linked quarter basis. What we haveseen is, as Richard mentioned in his comments, a bit of a flight to quality. Sothere has been increased production and activity in our mortgage group,relative to prior quarters. In fact, they are having a very solid year. So, itreally is core production increase seen across the board.
Richard Davis: And John, given our size, last I saw we were 23rd ranked inproduction and 14th in servicing. We just really like that space. I mean we arevery good at this. We have a great deal of client relationships that we benefitfrom, both in the broker community and directly to the branches. Its just for us a core operating stream that's been, ifanything, slightly benefited, but as you all know it's not big enough to movethe needle except for the fact that it could be harmful to us if we were tostart to fail in this quality.
John McDonald - Bancof AmericaSecurities: You said the vast majority is agency business If youquantify that, how big?
Andy Cecere: The very vast majority of agency we have.
John McDonald - Bancof AmericaSecurities: Okay.
Andy Cecere: It's a bit on the jumbo side and some of that is REITportfolio, but the great majority is agency.
John McDonald - Bancof AmericaSecurities: Okay, great. And then a credit question. I don't know if yousaid, Bill is on the line today, If you guys can handle this.
Bill Parker: Yeah. I am here.
John McDonald - Bancof AmericaSecurities: Okay. Hi. Congratulations, Bill.
Bill Parker: Thank you.
John McDonald - Bancof AmericaSecurities: What's your remaining exposure to mortgage companies, andthen also if you could just walk through exposure to homebuilders as well?
Bill Parker: Yeah. The mortgage lending unit that we have has $1.4billion of loans outstanding. They're all secured either by warehouse firstmortgages or by mortgage servicing rights. So, we've had the two that Andymentioned that did file. The good news on the other ones is that they seem tobe getting through this liquidity crisis. Most of them have returned to issuing only conformingmortgages. On the homebuilding side, we do have a $4 billion of residentialconstruction. $1 billion of that is condominium construction and that is aportfolio that I am sure you are all aware is under stress, but it's regionallybased. Some markets are better than others but
Richard Davis: I'll add to it. And John, you know we've have a lot ofsub-categorical limits for different kinds of lending. And condos would havebeen one of those and our diversity of geography would also prove that we'renot concentrated in any one market, good or bad necessarily. But I think in the real estate market, you'regoing to see our diversification across all size, types, levels andgeographies. They are going to serve us well during this next phase, as commercial real estate and the downstreameffects of homebuilders might start to affect other things.
John McDonald - Bancof AmericaSecurities: Okay. And then one quick follow-up for Andy. In terms of themargin, what would need to happen in the rate environment to see some benefitsfrom the rate cuts? If you could just comment on that.
Andrew Cecere: We did have a bit of a benefit, John. As we talked about itin our investor day, we are slightly liability sensitive. Late in the quarteras rates went down, that helped us a bit. But our outlook continues to be forus this year sort of at a stable margin. We talked about credit spreads. We arepursuing high quality credits and that would be a key factor in terms of themargin improving, but our expectation again is relatively stable.
John McDonald - Bancof AmericaSecurities: Okay. Thanks.
Andrew Cecere: You bet.
Richard Davis: Thanks, John.
Operator: Your next question is from Nancy Bush with NAB Research,LLC.
Richard Davis: Good morning, Nancy.
Nancy Bush - NABResearch, LLC: Good morning.
Andy Cecere: Good morning.
Bill Parker: Good morning.
Nancy Bush - NABResearch, LLC: I guess this is a question mostly for Bill. Bill could youjust speak a little bit, about the one large CRE project that went onnon-performing.
Bill Parker: Right.
Nancy Bush - NABResearch, LLC: If you could give us any color on that, I would appreciateit. And also, we are pretty well aware that, Florida is a troubled market, but could youjust speak to sort of the regional trends that you are seeing in terms of CRE,credit quality and whether they are any changes in the last few months?
Bill Parker: Sure. As I said, we have $4 billion overall residentialconstructions. $1 billion is for condominiums. The one project is a condominiumproject in a good suburb of Las Vegas.However, unlike many condo projects which have experienced fallenpre-sales, it is fully guaranteed, andwe're working with the guarantors to re-margin the project. We do anticipateadditional stress in that market in the residential construction. We do haveprojects and these are homebuilding projects, they are not condo projects inthe San Diego, Sacramento area that's a soft market. Nowagain those are guaranteed projects which we work together with ourrelationship lender, and work with our borrowers to re-margin the loans. In Florida we have ourcondo exposure in Floridais now about $100 million and the three remaining projects we have there areall on schedule and performing fine.
Nancy Bush - NABResearch, LLC: Bill, could you just speak to the rest of the South East. Imean are you seeing any.What's your exposure in sort to the Atlanta market and if you are seeing anyadditional [places]?
Bill Parker: Yeah, we don't have -- we have very little in South East.The only place we really have is in the South East is Florida.
Nancy Bush - NABResearch, LLC: Great.
Bill Parker: That's a $100 million. Yep.
Nancy Bush - NABResearch, LLC: Thank you.
Richard Davis: Thanks Nancy.
Andrew Cecere: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Gary Townsend with FBR CapitalMarket.
Gary Townsend - FBRCapital Market: Good morning. My questions have been asked and answered.Thank you.
Richard Davis: Thanks Gary.
Andrew Cecere: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Matt O'Connor with UBS
Matt O'Connor - UBS: Good morning.
Richard Davis: Hi Matt.
Andrew Cecere: Hi Matt.
Matt O'Connor - UBS: The margin was stable despite higher deposit costs, a littlebit of mixed shift over non-interest-bearings and I am just trying toreconcile, it seems like the offset might have been higher yields in retailloans?
Richard Davis: Matt that is certainly a factor, as I talked about it anddiscussed in my comments. The growth that we're seeing is in principally thehigher yielding assets, loans, credit cards and installments. That certainlyhelped our liability sensitive position a little bit, and the stabilizationacross the board in credit spreads also helped. So, all those factorscontributed to the stable margin.
Mat O'Connor - UBS: Okay. And then separately loan growth picked up like we areseeing in a lot of places. In September your period-end growth was about doublethe average driven by commercial. Is that better spreads that you are gettingso you are more open for lending? Is business coming back to the bank?
Richard Davis: Yes.
Matt O'Connor - UBS: Driving down a [household family], what do you think thatwill be?
Richard Davis:  Matt its Richard. Thespreads are not getting better yet. The hope is that they will, and we arewatching for risk premiums to come back as the yield curve starts to move. Thatdoes help a bit. But by and large, let's just say the banks aren't giving backthe benefit shot to the banks; they are giving it to the customers. So we arestill thinking to be very intensively competitive for the best customers, andbecause we really don't dabble in the markets with structured credits orcustomers who may not be as strong, I am not sure whether or not there is moreflexibility in the pricing downstream, but we simply [aren't] playing in thatcategory. So for us the answer is that the spreads are just as tightas they were before. The volume is a good sign. I do think it indicates that particularly the middle market is startingto use their clout a bit and as I think we talked in last two quarterly calls,there is a cycle in banking, and it's a real long one. But in the best of ourworlds, our customers are doing well and they are using the bank's balancesheet to grow their companies. Then they get strong and they start to stopusing loans, they start to build up cash and they are good depositors for useven if they are not using their loans. Then they go back to the cycle, they use up their cash andthey start to use our loans again and we are in that inflection point, wherethe cash is coming down, the use of the bank's balance sheet for the benefit oftheir growth is starting to happen. I think that portends quite frankly to goodthings for the economy and that's why banks typically see these things first,and we are seeing it now.
Matt O'Connor - UBS: Okay, and I guess that the concern might be that the banksare picking up some of this loan growth, and at the end of a cycle. What does that mean in terms of creditquality looking out a year or two?
Richard Davis:  Good question. I can't answer that for us. We are simply notdoing anything structurally that we haven't done for the last five years, whichat the peril of some optics where we have been at a slower growth, its paid ushandsomely. At this point of the cycleand we are as a company not going to take any changes at this point. As yousay, we are at the end of the cycle, where the risk could be much greater than the reward, so, we are notdoing that.
Matt O'Connor - UBS: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Richard Davis: Thanks Matt.
Operator: Your next question is from Manuel Ramirez with KBW.
Richard Davis: We call him Manny.
Manuel Ramirez - KBW: Will get it at the fourth try.
Andy Cecere: Good morning.
Manuel Ramirez - KBW: Good morning guys. On the reserves, just in thinking aboutwhere you are versus the industry, your reserve to loan ratio continued todrift down a little bit, although I would readily admit that you are prettywell reserved at this point. But if I think about the mix shift in loanportfolio from commercial to retail, your retail charge-offs are normalizingand your NPAs are rising albeit at a more modest pace in the industry overall.When should reserves to loans start to fund out and perhaps even start to riseto, unless there are changes in the balance sheet, what are we are seeing at this point?
Richard Davis: Manny, this is Richard and I'll have Bill be more specific.We don't see that point yet in our current view, in terms of looking out a yearand forward, trying to get an inflection point. For a couple of reasons. One iswe do -- our growth in our balance sheet is expected to be high quality. So, weare not looking to change the mix of our portfolio as we grow it in the future.It has performed quite well, and I think the combination of the mix won'tchange measurably. It's a pretty big portfolio, so, it won't change veryquickly. Having said that we have a fair amount of unallocated reserves, whichwe threw up especially once a year, but they are well in the range of no actionrequired and no action even contemplated, because we have, as you said, a verystrong kind of a fortress balance sheet at this point in the cycle. So, while I do expect it to continue to be used as it'ssupposed to, I don't see in the near-term [or call it out] in the next year, aconsequential event that would cause us the need to take any actions on the provision that itwould be greater than the charge-offs at that same point in time. Now Bill, youmight add to that some more details.
Bill Parker: Yeah, well Manny, I think you have cited some of the keythings we look at of course, which is our NPA coverage and we compare veryfavorably there to the peers. As Richard said, we look at this every quarter.We have models that we evaluate and we adjust those to what we believe as themoderately increasing loss forecast we have in our retail portfolios, and wewere adequately reserved.
Manuel Ramirez - KBW: And one kind of technical follow-up question on yourunfunded construction commitments as well as your unfunded home equitycommitments. Do you hold reserves against those at some particular ratio tounfunded amounts?
Bill Parker: Yeah effectively we do, because we look at any kind ofdrawings that would result in a loss during a certain forecast period.
Manuel Ramirez - KBW: Okay.
Bill Parker: So the answer is yes.
Manuel Ramirez - KBW: All right. Thank you.
Richard Davis: Thanks Manny
Andy Cecere: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Todd Hagerman with Credit Suisse.
Richard Davis: Good morning, Todd.
Andy Cecere: Good morning, Todd.
Todd Hagerman -Credit Suisse: Good morning everybody. Most of my questions have beenanswered, but Bill just a follow-up in terms of the real-estate, could you justcomment. You have mentioned before, theone project that came on non-performing this quarter, just the re-marginingprocess with that borrower.
Bill Parker: Yes.
Todd Hagerman -Credit Suisse: Could you just give us a sense, as the industry goes throughthe cycle, of the kind of appetite thereon or the willingness on the borrowers' part of what the dialogueis like with some of these borrowers as you look to strengthen your [lateral]position?
Bill Parker: Sure, I mean this is a pretty typical case, where because weare relationship lenders, this is a developer. This is our third project withhim. The first two went extremely well and the third one would be changingmarket conditions so obviously the sale stalled out. These folks have anincentive to work with us. If they have any liquidity they will put it in. Inthis particular case he has other properties of which we are seeking to take anequity position. Ourfirst lender in other projects backed it and was able to shore up this project.So, in all cases, these folks are willing to continue to work with us, becausethey are long-term developers, they've been through the cycles; they want tomaintain a good relationship with the bank. 
Todd Hagerman -Credit Suisse: That's helpful. And then just secondly, how often or can youtalk a little bit just in terms of kind of the reappraisal process in some ofthese markets. What are you doing there,in the process?
Bill Parker: Yep. And probably the area where that comes up most rightnow is Californiaand there are projects that we have to get reappraised, as often as every sixmonths and get re-margined every six months.
Todd Hagerman -Credit Suisse: And I am assuming you've re-graded as appropriate?
Bill Parker: Oh yeah. Yeah.
Todd Hagerman -Credit Suisse: Great, thank you.
Richard Davis: Thanks, Todd.
Operator: The next question is from Lori Appelbaum with Goldman Sachs.
Richard Davis: Good morning.
Lori Appelbaum -Goldman Sachs: My question is.hi Richard.
Andy Cecere: Good morning.
Lori Appelbaum -Goldman Sachs: And Andy. My question relates to the loan loss reserve. Myrecollection was as of the last $10,000, the unallocated reserve was about $700million plus, and I was curious what the current unallocated position is?
Andy Cecere: It is
Richard Davis: We are calculating it for you.
Lori Appelbaum -Goldman Sachs: Oh, thank you.
Bill Parker: It's about 600 to 625.
Lori Appelbaum -Goldman Sachs: 600 to 625 and some of that has been eaten up by the realestate issues that you have mentioned?
Andy Cecere: I left that in the outlook on retail credit mortgages there.
Lori Appelbaum -Goldman Sachs: Okay.
Andy Cecere: Yeah. And credit cards and the increasing return tonormalization on cards.
Lori Appelbaum -Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then the normalization on cards, I can see thedelinquency deterioration, but the loss rate actually improved?
Bill Parker: Right.
Andy Cecere: Correct.
Lori Appelbaum -Goldman Sachs: So, what actually is happening within the card portfoliothat seems to be a disconnect between loss trends and delinquencies?
Andy Cecere:  Well, again, as Richard said, third quarter is usually aseasonally good quarter for collections for us. Now we will see the increase indelinquencies that will occur from now through basically second quarter of nextyear.
Richard Davis: Yeah. I know it's a bit of anomaly in a one year view, butif you do go back at least two more years you will see third quarter performslike clockwork for us, which is why as much as I want to celebrate the number.I actually didn't want you all, to mistakenly think that was our new run rate,because that would be unsustainable. On the other hand, when we talk about long-term we are likea lot of our peers. I actually don't know why the pre-bankruptcy levels haven'treturned yet. We don't see them coming even in the next couple of quarters. So,we are saying that we think we will be at the 4% level, because we know we haveto believe that, but we actually don't have all the evidence that it will bethere at this point in time. We just believe it's going to have to get back tothat point.
Lori Appelbaum -Goldman Sachs: Okay. And if you can also update us on credit performance inyour sub-prime portfolio, delinquencies and losses?
Bill Parker: Sure. On the residential mortgage side, while thedelinquencies are up, obviously in both home equity and residential mortgagesand the sub-prime, the loss rate we had in the third quarter on our firstmortgages was 1.29% and the loss rate on the home equity was 4.09%.
Richard Davis: That's sub-prime.
Bill Parker: That's all sub-prime rate now.
Richard Davis: Which is 2.8% of the total portfolio?
Bill Parker: Right. Yeah.
Richard Davis: There is some point to note to that our prime home equitylends and loans are stable and that to us is good news. I know there is a newconcern in the marketplace that seconds or the next to have impairment and I dobelieve that sub-prime will and are. Butbased on the percentages that we don't have in sub-prime we will have to reportthat loans and lines are both performing steady in the prime portfolio and insome cases, I think there is a worry that, lines will perform more poorly thanloans and we're not seeing that in our case right now. But you know we didn'tgrow this portfolio in the double-digits for the last couple of years either.So I would expect our performance to be handsomely better than our peers, giventhat we were both through the loan to value and through the cycle ofunderwriting to our prime portfolio.
Lori Appelbaum -Goldman Sachs: And in the pace of delinquency deterioration that was more noticeable in the quarter, I am assuming that the delinquencydeterioration of residential mortgage. Was all of this sub-prime portfolio?
Richard Davis: A good chunk of it was prime majority it was.
Lori Appelbaum -Goldman Sachs: Okay. We didn't think expect that. These loss rates that you just mentioned, arethey going to continue to move a bit higher in terms of share?
Richard Davis: [In loans also], yeah, but I think they will move a bithigher. That's correct, we agree.
Lori Appelbaum -Goldman Sachs: Thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And at this time I am showing nofurther questions.
Richard Davis: Great. Operator, thank you and everyone thank you forjoining us and thanks for your continued interest. Judi?
Judy Murphy: Thank you for listening to our third quarter review. If youhave any follow-up questions or need hard copies of our press release andsupplement of schedule, please feel free to contact me at 612-303-0783.
Richard Davis: Thank you.
Andrew Cecere: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. Youmay now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-17 14:00:00) =====
Executives
